______________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 09, 2013
MEM-371-13

The DC office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from Washington’s 6th
district, is looking for personable, diligent part-time and full-time unpaid interns
to start for the winter session (January) through the spring. This is an opportunity
to learn about the inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fastpaced work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting
events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities include
assisting with constituent correspondence, producing daily press clips, and
leading tours of the Capitol. This is a unique opportunity and prime for students
who may be eventually interested in working in a congressional office or for the
federal government.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter outlining your interest in the
position to nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within
a week. We look forward to hearing from you!

MEM-369-13

The Congressional Black Caucus is accepting applications for communications
intern positions available for spring and summer 2014. This unpaid internship
1

will provide valuable hands on experience in developing and executing
communications initiatives for a Congressional Caucus and will provide an
understanding the Caucus’s role in the legislative process.
Responsibilities will include but are not limited to drafting press statements, video
editing for online distribution, social media management, drafting
communications materials for Members and communications staff and responding
to constituent inquiries. Qualified applicants should have a professional and
courteous demeanor, excellent communications skills, the ability to multitask, and
an interest in the legislative process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent graduates seeking
Capitol Hill experience. All majors are encouraged to apply. Those with
journalism, communications and political science majors are highly encouraged.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, and a cover letter
to Latrice.Powell@mail.house.gov with “Spring or Summer 2014 Internship” in
the subject. Please also include dates of availability.
MEM-368-13

The DC office of Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart (FL-25) is seeking full and
part-time unpaid interns to begin January through May 2014. There are also more
immediate openings available. Intern responsibilities include legislative research,
press support, managing tour requests, general administrative duties and
assistance with additional projects as needed. The ideal candidate will be a selfstarter who is dependable and possesses a cheerful, outgoing demeanor. Florida
ties preferred but not required. Please send your cover letter, resume and
references to alena.mikhno@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship” in the
subject line.
MEM-367-13

The Office of Congressman Ami Bera (D-CA) seeks professional, dependable and
enthusiastic student or recent graduate for an unpaid communications internship
working closely with the communications team on a variety of tasks.
Background/study in communications, journalism, public relations, or similar
field preferred. Duties will include: drafting and posting web content and social
media, drafting other written materials (constituent letters, memos, press releases,
etc.), compiling daily press clips, answering office phones, and other
administrative tasks as assigned. Please send resume to
bera.resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Communications Intern
2014.”
MEM-366-13

Internships are currently available in Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren’s Washington,
D.C. office for the 2014 Winter Semester. Congresswoman Lofgren represents
the 19th Congressional District, which lies in the heart of California’s “Silicon
Valley”.
Interns will receive a well-rounded experience in this office and will have the
chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a busy Congressional office
2

and gain invaluable work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those
interested in the legislative process. Interns’ responsibilities will vary—in
addition to answering phones and running errands, interns will have the
opportunity to research legislation for legislative staff, attend hearings and
briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent writing and analytical skills, a
demonstrated work ethic, and ability to function in a fast-paced environment. A
successful candidate will be motivated, able to multitask, and have the ability to
work well under pressure. Full-time and part-time internship positions are
available. Part-time interns must work at least two full days a week. Internships
are unpaid. California ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send their resume to the Intern Coordinator at
Angela.Ebiner@mail.house.gov.
MEM-365-13

Congressman Dave Loebsack, IA-02-D, is hiring spring interns for his
Washington, D.C. office. Interns are responsible for answering phones, sorting
mail and faxes, giving tours of the Capitol, and assisting with constituent
correspondence. Other tasks may include attending briefings and hearings, letter
writing, and assisting press staff. Intern candidates should be current or recent
college students, regardless of major. To apply please email your cover letter,
resume, a short writing sample and a letter of recommendation to
Loebsack.Internship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-364-13

Congressman Cuellar’s Washington, D.C. office is seeking a motivated press
intern for a fast paced and valuable internship. Press interns must be able to
commit at least 40 hours a week. Interns will learn how a communications shop
operates and interacts with the other departments to create a succinct message.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
assisting the Communications Director in writing press releases, tracking press
clips, proofreading and editing, maintaining press lists, updating member’s
website and social media, and assisting with the office’s day-to-day
communications operations. Interns may also assist with answering the phone,
incoming and outgoing mail, addressing constituent concerns, and assisting the
Legislative/District staff.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants should have a strong interest in political
communications. Strong writing skills and ability to work in a high-pressure
environment are a must. Spanish language skills highly preferred. Graphic design
abilities are a plus.
If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to Miranda Margowsky at
miranda.margowsky@mail.house.gov and Ben Jackson at
ben.jackson@mail.house.gov. The internship will start January 6th and last
through May. Applicants will be responsible for all expenses including travel and
lodging as the internship is unpaid.
3

For more information on Congressman Henry Cuellar, please visit his website at
cuellar.house.gov.
MEM-363-13

The office of Congressman Bill Shuster (PA-09) is currently seeking full and part
time spring interns. Candidates should be a self-motivated, team player that is
ready to work in a fast-paced environment. Duties include, but are not limited to:
opening mail, answering phones, constituent correspondence, attending briefings,
assisting with legislative research, and providing aid to staff-members with
various projects. The ideal candidate will be a hard-working, detail oriented
professional with strong oral and written communication skills. Pennsylvania and
district ties are preferred, but not required. Although this position is unpaid, we
will work with the student to fulfill requirements for school credit programs.
Interested candidates should email PA09jobs@gmail.com with a resume and a
cover letter.
MEM-362-13

Congressman Tim Walz (D-MN) seeks interns for the Spring 2014 semester!
Applicants should be highly-motivated, well-organized, and eager to assist with
legislative and administrative needs of the staff. Such duties include but are not
limited to attending briefings, answering the phones, drafting and responding to
constituent letters, assisting in research, giving tours of the capitol, and various
other administrative tasks. Applicants should possess an interest in the legislative
process, as well as strong written and verbal communications skills. Minnesota
ties a plus. Applications accepted for both full-time and part-time positions (min.
16 hours per week). This is an unpaid position. To be considered, please send a
resume and cover letter by December 13th to:
WalzDCInternApplication@hotmail.com.
MEM-359-13

Democratic Member of Congress seeks a responsible, focused, self-motivated,
enthusiastic, and organized Intern. Positions are available starting in January, and
applications will be considered on a rolling basis. Duties will include, but are not
limited to: answering phones, processing mail, researching issues, drafting
correspondence, attending hearings and briefings, and maintaining a professional
atmosphere. Strong writing and effective communication skills, as well as the
ability to multi-task, are necessary. If you are interested, e-mail a cover letter,
resume, short writing sample, and contact info for three references to Parker Low
at Parker.Low@mail.house.gov.
MEM-358-13

Congresswoman Carolyn McCarthy (NY-04) is currently seeking interns for the
2014 Spring Semester in her Washington, DC office. Qualified candidates will
possess an interest in the legislative process, excellent writing and communication
skills, and a desire to work in the fast-paced environment of Capitol Hill. Ideal
candidates will be professional, dependable, highly motivated, and adept at multitasking.
Responsibilities will include – but are not limited to – communicating with
4

constituents via phone, drafting constituent correspondence, performing research
requests, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, and administrative work. Interns will
also work closely with staff and have the opportunity to attend briefings, hearings,
and other events on Capitol Hill.
Students or recent graduates with ties to New York State – especially the Fourth
Congressional District and Long Island – are encouraged to apply. Full- and parttime candidates will be considered. The internship is unpaid.
Please send a cover letter stating your availability, a resume, and a short writing
sample to Marcus Garza at Marcus.Garza@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2014
Internship” in the subject line.
MEM-357-13

The office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is accepting applications
for Spring 2014 internships. As a fast-paced office for an active member of the
Democratic leadership, we expect a lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an
excellent internship program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering
phones, sorting mailing, attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence,
and providing assistance to the legislative staff. Applicants must have excellent
writing and communications skills. Interested applicants should email a cover
letter, resume, and brief writing sample to tom.gibson@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Intern Application.”
MEM-355-13

Michigan’s 4th Congressional District proudly covers 14 counties which includes
much of mid-Michigan. It stretches from Saginaw in the east to Big Rapids in the
west and from the lower end of Clinton County in the south to the top of Wexford
County in the north. Unpaid Positions are available in the Washington, D. C.
Office
JOB: Spring Internships Part-time or Full-time
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral
and written communications skills, be able to accomplish a variety of tasks and
pitch in where needed, and be responsible, dependable, and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to
them. Tasks include and are not limited to the following: Researching legislative
issues, preparing constituent correspondence, data entry, and helping maintain the
efficient day-to-day operations of an active Congressional office.
In addition, interns are encouraged to conduct their own research projects on
legislative issues, using the vast resources of the U.S. House of Representatives
and the Library of Congress.
If interested, please send resume and letters of recommendation to:
CONGRESSMAN DAVE CAMP 341 CANNON HOUSE OFFICE
BUIDLING WASHINGTON, D.C. 20515 ATTN: INTERN
COORDINATOR or contact Nate Zimmer, Intern Coordinator, at (202) 2253561 or email nate.zimmer@mail.house.gov
5

For more information on Congressman Dave Camp and Michigan’s 4th
Congressional District, please visit our website at www.camp.house.gov.
MEM-354-13

The Washington DC office of Representative Scott Tipton (CO-03), is currently
seeking applicants for Winter Semester unpaid internships. Internships are
available to qualified college students or recent graduates. Colorado ties are a plus
but not required. Internships provide valuable real world experience of our federal
legislative process. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: assisting staff
with legislative research and writing, attending briefings and committee hearings.
Interns will also be responsible for providing tours of the Capitol, answering
phones, and helping staff process constituent’s mail and inquiries. Candidates
should have an interest in the legislative process, be motivated, organized and
reliable, and possess strong communication and writing skills. If you are
interested in being considered for an internship, please send your resume and
cover letter to Megan.Dornan@mail.house.gov
MEM-353-13

Progressive Rhode Island Democrat seeks applicants for unpaid internship for
spring 2014. Responsibilities include drafting constituent letters, assisting
legislative staff with research, assisting with front office duties, and various
administrative tasks. Candidates must possess strong writing and communication
skills and be able to work 3-5 days per week. Ties to Rhode Island are strongly
preferred. To apply, please send resume with references, cover letter, and brief
writing sample to RI01Internship@gmail.com.
MEM-352-13

Ohio Democrat seeks a full-time, unpaid Legislative/Press intern for Washington,
D.C. office available to start immediately. The ideal candidate will be detailoriented, motivated, and able to multi-task efficiently. Applicants should possess
strong written and oral communication skills.
Daily responsibilities will include:
-

Answering phones and constituent mail
Updating website content
Compiling daily press clips
Drafting press materials (including e-newsletters, background information, and
press releases)
Conducting research projects
Assisting with press events
Transcribing interviews
Please email a one-page writing sample, résumé, and cover letter to
OH11.FudgeResumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-351-13

Congressman Jerry McNerney (CA-09) is accepting applications for internship
positions available in his Washington D.C .office for the upcoming Winter/Spring

6

term. This unpaid internship will provide valuable hands-on experience in a
Congressional office and a greater understanding of the legislative process.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional
briefings, giving tours of the Capitol, conducting research, responding to
constituent inquiries, and processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants
should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication
skills, the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the
legislative and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent graduates seeking
Capitol Hill experience. All majors are encouraged to apply. Ties to California’s
Ninth Congressional District are preferred, but not required. Interested applicants
should email a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to
nick.sullivan@mail.house.gov with “CA-09 Internship” in the subject line. Please
also include dates of availability.
MEM-350-13

Spring 2014 Internship with Congressman Bob Goodlatte (VA-06) for his
Washington, D.C. office to assist his staff with various legislative and
administrative responsibilities. Duties include but are not limited to legislative
research, answering phones, opening and sorting mail, leading tours of the
Capitol, attending committee hearings, and assisting the rest of the staff with dayto-day responsibilities. This internship is a unique opportunity for individuals to
gain first-hand experience of the legislative process while working in a dynamic
office environment.
The position is unpaid and is subject to flexible scheduling. Native residents of
the Virginia 6th District are preferred, but it is not a requirement.
Interested individuals may send our office a cover letter, a resume, and the formal
application form found on Congressman Goodlatte’s
website: http://www.goodlatte.house.gov, under the Constituent Services tab.
They may send these documents via fax to (202)225-9681, e-mail them to Chrissi
Lee, the office intern coordinator, at chrissi.lee@mail.house.gov, or mail them to
our office’s address at: 2309 Rayburn H.O.B., Washington, DC 20515.
MEM-348-13

Currently seeking legislative interns for term beginning December 2013/January
2014. Interns in Congressman Larson's Washington DC office will learn and gain
vital professional skills while enhancing their knowledge of the legislative
process. Roles and responsibilities for a prospective intern include, but are not
limited to:
Assisting in legislative research for the Congressman, staff, and constituents
Attending briefings for staff members and writing a policy memo
Helping with data entry of constituent letters

7

Assisting in answering constituent mail, which includes research and letter
writing Helping process Flag and Tour Requests; conducting tours of the U.S.
Capitol.
Interns are strongly encouraged to pursue their interests and to take advantage of
the many seminars and resources that present themselves during their stay in
Washington. Priority consideration will be given to candidates with CT ties
and/or those who can work full-time hours.
If you are interested in an internship: please send a resume, cover letter, and
short writing sample along with your expected start/ end dates to
Congressman Larson's Washington D.C. office at Sylvia.lee@mail.house.gov.
NO CALLS, DROP-BYS, or FOLLOW-UPS PLEASE.
MEM-347-13

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her Washington,
D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the Winter/Spring 2014
term. Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative process and have a
desire to learn while being a part of a hardworking team. Ideal candidates will
possess strong writing and verbal communication skills, a demonstrated interest in
legislative issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an
enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist staff with
legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings, draft memos,
sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours. Candidates with Maryland ties are
strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume, cover letter stating your
availability, and a brief and relevant writing sample (maximum one page) by
December 6th to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
MEM-316-13

The Office of Congresswoman Maxine Waters (CA-43) is seeking a full-time or
part-time press and social media intern for the spring of 2014 in her Washington,
D.C. office. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to compiling press
clips, monitoring daily news, drafting talking points and press releases, updating
social media and working closely with the communications director. The ideal
candidate will have previous experience in public relations or journalism; possess
strong written communications skills, ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and professional manner. Please note that the internship is unpaid and housing is
not provided, but student can qualify for academic credit depending on the
requirements of the college or university. Interested applicants should e-mail a
cover letter, resume, short writing sample (in the form of a speech or press
release) and dates of availability with "Spring Press Intern 2014" in the subject
line to latoya.veal@mail.house.gov No phone calls or drop-ins please
MEM-286-13
The office of Congressman Dennis A. Ross (FL-15) is currently seeking unpaid
interns in the Washington D.C. office for both an immediate vacancy and the
2014 spring semester. The start and stop dates can be flexible, with the spring
8

semester starting in January and extending through May. Responsibilities include,
but are not limited to, answering phones and mail, attending hearings, leading
tours and providing support to legislative and communications staff in both DC
and the district. Ideal candidates should have strengths in research, writing and
multi-tasking, with an ability to interact well with constituents. Florida ties are
preferred, but are not necessary. Interested candidates should apply through the
website: http://dennisross.house.gov/constituentservices/internships.htm.

9

