Internship Openings
Week of June 29, 2026
MEM-213-26
The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, Fall 2026 Interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office, assisting
legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams with drafting, and
other tasks as assigned.
Successful candidates work well under deadlines, are organized, hard-working, detailoriented, have excellent customer service skills, and are team players. Applicants with
Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Interns will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
To apply, please submit the following as one PDF
document to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall 2026 DC Intern - [Last Name],
[First Name]” in the subject line:
• Resume
• Cover Letter
• 2 Brief Writing Samples
Please submit your application by July 8, 2026 at 11:59 p.m. ET. No phone calls or
walk-ins please.

MEM-211-26
The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY, will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Fall Semester 2026.
Applications will be accepted until July 31st, 2026.
Interns will be responsible for:
•
•
•

Completing constituent calls
Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations
Day-to-day office work

•
•

Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the D.C.
office
Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case work
or work on District-based projects of importance

Interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office, congressional
communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students and current graduate students.
For more information on the district internship please
visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
To apply for the Fall 2026 District Office Internship, please fill out the google form
found here: Fall 2026 DO Internship Application Form. Our office will be accepting
applications on a rolling basis until July 31st at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early.

MEM-206-26
Under the supervision of the office’s Legislative Counsel, the Law Clerk will support the
Congresswoman’s legislative and oversight work by conducting legal and policy research,
preparing for and staffing Judiciary Committee hearings and markups, developing vote
recommendations, and helping to advance legislation. Law Clerks will draft legal
memoranda, hearing scripts, policy memos, briefing materials, and other written products.
This position is ideal for high-achieving law students, preferably 2Ls or 3Ls, with a strong
interest in public law, policymaking, politics, congressional oversight, or government
service. Law Clerks will have the opportunity to engage in serious, substantive work across
a wide range of issue areas, including antitrust, administrative law, civil rights and civil
liberties, criminal justice, government reform (i.e., anti-corruption), intellectual property,
oversight, privacy, technology (e.g., artificial intelligence), and voting rights.

The clerkship is unpaid but may be completed for academic credit. Women, people of
color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
The application period for Fall 2026 Law Clerks is now open and will close on July 9th at
11:59 PM ET.
To apply, please email the following materials to
Jayapal.DCLawclerk@mail.house.gov: (1) resume, (2) cover letter, (3) list of three
references with email addresses, and (4) unofficial undergraduate and graduate
transcripts. Please combine all application materials into a single PDF and use the
subject line: “Law Clerk – FirstName LastName.”

MEM-205-26
Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks press and legislative interns for his Washington,
D.C., office for the Fall 2026 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students, graduate students,
and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of a Congressional office and the
legislative process. Interns should have a general understanding of the U.S. political
system, value open communication, be eager to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be an educational
experience. Internships are offered for either academic credit or a stipend. Internship
applicants must be high school graduates. Current students and recent graduates will be
given first priority for the internship program.
Legislative intern responsibilities include:
• Attending committee hearings and congressional briefings,
• Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
• Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.
Press intern responsibilities include:
• Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press Secretary in
drafting and editing social media content, digital graphics, and other digital
materials,
• Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
• Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,

•

Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks, as directed.

Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic familiarity with graphic
design and video editing. Submission of a sample graphic or similar communications work
with your application is strongly encouraged.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover letter,
resume, three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf file, with the file
name including internship class, year, last name, and first name (i.e.
Fall2026.Doe.Jane.pdf) to CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by July 15. Please
specify whether you are applying for the press internship or the legislative internship.
Applicants with strong ties to the 49th District are given preference.

MEM-202-26
The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns for Fall 2026,
August 31st – December 11th. Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable.
Above all, we seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are eager to learn
about the committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research, prepare for hearings,
assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid communications.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and
concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations. Understands
how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in the U.S., and has a
passion for working to dismantle these systems.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Assist with administrative duties
• Assist with legislative and policy projects
• Research legislation, regulations, and public law
• Assist with communications and outreach
• Respond to requests for information
• Attend briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work in-office when
Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a monthly stipend of $3,200
plus transit benefits.

This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military status,
parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by
applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to
participate in the application or hiring process are encouraged to request an accommodation
at any time during those processes.
The application deadline is close of business on July 8th.
Interested candidates should apply by visiting the House Natural Resources Committee
Democrats’ website at https://democrats-naturalresources.house.gov/internships.
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates who are being
actively considered for this position.

MEM-201-26
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking
interns for the upcoming Fall 2026 term.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, drafting and
editing constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the
legislative staff, and otherwise providing support for the day-to-day activities of the office.
Interns are paid via a monthly stipend.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age,
or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two short
writing samples to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally,
applicants should indicate their availability on an hourly, daily, and monthly
basis during the Fall term in their email or cover letter. The deadline to apply
is 6:00pm ET on Friday, July 24th, 2026.

MEM-199-26
The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting applications for
an internship during the 2026 Fall term. Applicants must be based in Washington, D.C. for
the duration of the fall internship (Early September to early December, subject to change).
Full-time paid internships run Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House

Calendar). Part-time internships are scheduled to accommodate students’ course
schedules, as well as the needs of the office. Part-time interns can expect to receive either
pay or academic credit. Interns must be a U.S. citizen and legally eligible to work for the U.S.
federal government.
Washington, D.C. Internship Responsibilities
Interns in the Washington, D.C. office play an important role in the daily operations of the
office and gain firsthand experience in the legislative process.
Core Responsibilities (all interns)
All interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing other
inquiries
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting constituent
letters
• Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team
• Assisting with day-to-day office work and other duties as delegated by members of the
staff
• Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the Rochester office
• Other administrative tasks as assigned
Additional Responsibilities (by focus area)
Each semester, interns have the opportunity to take on additional duties based on office
needs and individual interests. These may include responsibilities in Communications,
Scheduling, or Correspondence:
Communications Interns may:
• Compile daily press clips and monitor media coverage of issues relevant to the Member
• Draft press releases, media advisories, and statements under staff guidance
• Assist with social media content creation and scheduling
• Help update the office website and other digital platforms
• Maintain press contact lists and track media inquiries
• Support logistics for press events and prepare briefing materials for interviews or
appearances
Scheduling Interns may:
• Assist with processing and tracking incoming invitations to the Member

• Confirm details and logistics for meetings, events, and travel
• Help maintain the Member’s calendar and coordinate with district staff as needed
• Prepare briefing materials for scheduled events or meetings
• Support logistics for events, including visitor coordination and follow-up
• Assist with schedule adjustments, conflicts, and communications
Correspondence Interns may:
• Track and organize inbound constituent correspondence
• Draft responses to constituent letters on legislative issues and policy questions under
staff supervision
• Research issues raised by constituents to inform responses
• Assist the Legislative Correspondent in preparing reports summarizing constituent
concerns and trends
Throughout the semester, interns will learn about the operations of a congressional office,
congressional communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should
possess excellent written and verbal communications skills, a strong attention to detail, the
ability to succeed in a fast-paced work environment, and a good sense of humor. New York
State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one document within the application
form listed below:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• Writing sample (ex. policy memo, short essay, etc.) (max. 2 pages)
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college graduates.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.
To apply for the Fall 2026 D.C. Internship, please fill out the google form found here. Our
office has will be accepting applications on a rolling basis until July 17th at 11:59pm EST.
Applicants are encouraged to submit their application early.

MEM-198-26
The Office of Rep. Josh Harder offers paid internships in our Washington office. Our
hands-on internship program offers highly motivated undergraduates, graduate students,

and recent graduates the opportunity to gain real-world experience in government and
politics. Over the course of their service, interns will gain a deeper knowledge of the federal
government and strengthen their communications, writing, problem-solving, and timemanagement skills. This program is structured to prepare our interns for a future career in
government.
Our internship classes generally fall under the following timeline:
•

Fall internships: August-December (Apply for Fall by July 19, 2026 11:59 PM PST)

We do our best to accommodate requirements for college credit.
Responsibilities
Responsibilities will vary but may include:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Communicating with constituents through mail, email, and over the phone;
Staffing the front desk and greeting visitors;
Conducting research to be used for floor speeches, memos, committee hearings,
and other legislative business;
Monitoring press coverage, current events, and House business;
Preparing news clippings for the legislative and communications staff;
Helping process flag and tour requests;
Attending briefings and hearings; and
Administrative tasks as assigned.

How to Apply:
To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Josh Harder, send your resume,
cover letter and a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF
to Sophie.Cazares@mail.house.gov. Please include the days and times you will be
available, desired start and end date, and any requirements your school has in order
for you to receive credit in your cover letter. Please format the subject line of your email
"DC Internship - First Name Last Name - Fall."
All individuals are encouraged to apply. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals,
people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.

MEM-194-26
The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is accepting applications for Fall
2026 legislative interns in our West Chester, Reading, and Washington, D.C. offices. This
internship will run from mid-August through mid-December.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer stipends to applicants, with
accommodations for Pell-eligible applicants. Our internship program has returned to inperson work with flexible telework options should interns need to work from home.

Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a passion for
community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing to spend a lot of time
on the phone and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting memos for
our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or meetings. We offer
interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
Please submit applications through the “Legislative Internship” form our
website, Houlahan.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender,
LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-193-26
Under the supervision of the office’s Legislative Counsel, the Law Clerk will support the
Congresswoman’s legislative and oversight work by conducting legal and policy research,
preparing for and staffing Judiciary Committee hearings and markups, developing vote
recommendations, and helping to advance legislation. Law Clerks will draft legal
memoranda, hearing scripts, policy memos, briefing materials, and other written products.
This position is ideal for high-achieving law students, preferably 2Ls or 3Ls, with a strong
interest in public law, policymaking, politics, congressional oversight, or government
service. Law Clerks will have the opportunity to engage in serious, substantive work across
a wide range of issue areas, including antitrust, administrative law, civil rights and civil
liberties, criminal justice, government reform (i.e., anti-corruption), intellectual property,
oversight, privacy, technology (e.g., artificial intelligence), and voting rights.
The clerkship is unpaid but may be completed for academic credit. Women, people of
color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
The application period for Fall 2026 Law Clerks is now open and will close on July 9th at
11:59 PM ET.
To apply, please email the following materials to
JayapalDCLawclerk@mail.house.gov: (1) resume, (2) cover letter, (3) list of three
references with email addresses, and (4) unofficial undergraduate and graduate

transcripts. Please combine all application materials into a single PDF and use the
subject line: “Law Clerk – FirstName LastName.”

MEM-188-26
The Office of Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur (OH-09) is seeking motivated college
students, recent graduates, and graduate students for the Fall 2026 Internship Program
in her Washington, D.C., office.
Intern responsibilities vary daily but typically include assisting with constituent services,
sorting mail, answering phones, conducting legislative research, attending hearings and
briefings, and providing general administrative support to staff.
The ideal candidate will have strong written and oral communication skills, an interest in
public service and the legislative process, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced
environment. Applicants should be organized, dependable, and eager to learn. Ties to Ohio
are strongly preferred but not required.
To Apply:
Interested candidates should submit a single PDF containing the following materials:
• A current résumé
• A one-page cover letter outlining your interest in the position and availability
• A short written response (300–500 words) to the following prompt:
o What does public service mean to you? You may share a personal
experience, describe values you live by, or reflect on a moment that has
shaped your interest in public service.
Please send completed applications in a SINGLE PDF
to angela.maloney@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Fall
2026 Internship Application – [Your Name]
Application Deadline: July 21, 2026, at noon.
This internship offers a unique opportunity to gain firsthand experience in a congressional
office, develop professional skills, and contribute to the work of Congresswoman Kaptur
and her team.
The Office of Congresswoman Kaptur is an equal-opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.

MEM-186-26
Senior Republican Member of House Financial Services Committee Seeks
Legislative/Financial Services Fellow.
A senior Republican member serving on the House Financial Services Committee is
seeking a fellow to assist the Legislative Team in covering the committee and research
portfolio. This is a paid opportunity. The person in this role will work on substantive
financial services issues like banking, crypto, housing, capital markets, fintech, insurance,
and monetary policy in the Member’s personal office. The fellow will also be asked to
assist the Legislative Director in research projects. The fellow will also be attending
hearings, monitoring legislation and regulations, assisting with official and constituent
correspondence, providing meeting materials, and more. The fellow should leave this role
with an in-depth understanding of how Capitol Hill operates, as well as the major policy
issues in financial services.
Ideal candidates must be excellent writers, able to work in a fast-paced
environment, and have good judgment. A background in finance, financial
policy, and or Capitol Hill experience is not required but strongly preferred,
whether it is in the private sector, government, or school.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Writing briefing materials for meetings with the Member
Preparing materials for hearings, markups, and the House floor
Conducting policy research
Taking notes at meetings, hearings, briefings, and other events you
attend
Tracking legislation and official correspondence
Observing House proceedings
Drafting constituent correspondence

This is a paid opportunity. Interested candidates should send their
resume
to Jackson.notes@mail.house.gov and joseph.arbie@mail.house.gov.

MEM-183-26
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking part-time or full-time, energetic
interns for the fall (September/October – mid-December). Our interns work closely with
Committee staff to prepare materials for Committee meetings, conduct research projects,
learn about the Rules of the House and the various procedures for legislation to reach the
House Floor, and complete a variety of other administrative tasks. Ideal candidates have
strong writing skills, a good work ethic, an interest in learning about House floor

procedures, and are detail-oriented. Interns will gain experience in legislative analysis,
political communications, and institutional processes.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. This opportunity can provide flexibility
for candidates who are looking for full-time work and may need to leave before the end of
the internship term. Massachusetts ties are a plus.
All offers are conditional on completion of a federal criminal background check. The office
is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter explaining why you
want to join the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to democratsrules.house.gov/about/internships. Please indicate your availability on a week-toweek basis (e.g. PT/FT) and your potential start and end dates. No calls or drop-ins,
please. The deadline to apply is July 10, 2026.

MEM-175-26
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated Legislative Interns in her D.C.
office for Fall 2026.
Interns in our D.C. office will have the opportunity to witness the legislative process and
the inner workings of Capitol Hill first-hand. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
answering constituent phone calls, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the United States Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the
needs of the Congresswoman's staff. The internship will run from August through
December, from 9:00am—6:00pm when Congress is in session and from 9:00am—5:00pm
when Congress is not in session. This is a full-time internship.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills, prioritizes
professionalism, is a dedicated team player, and has a friendly persona. Ties to Nevada's
First District are a plus but not required. The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.

How to Apply:
Interested applicants should use the link below to fill out the form and include a cover
letter, resume, and short (1-2 page) writing sample. Applications will be accepted
until Friday, July 10, 2026, on a rolling basis.
Application Form

MEM-164-26
The Office of U.S. Representative Mark Takano (CA-39) seeks legislative and
communications interns to serve for the Fall of 2026 in the Representative’s Washington,
D.C. office.
Interns will work with the D.C.-based staff performing legislative, communications, and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting responses to
constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, performing legislative
research, drafting communications material, and supporting staff members on various
projects. Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent communication
skills, strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public service and progressive
values. All interns will be paid a monthly stipend of $1500.
The Office of Representative Mark Takano is an equal opportunity employer. Women,
people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State
and/or district ties (Riverside, CA) are a plus.
The application period for Fall 2026 internships is now open and will grant offers on a
rolling basis until August 1st.
Interested applicants should go to takano.house.gov/services/internships and follow
all instructions in order to apply.

MEM-118-26
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks highly motivated,
organized, and dedicated interns to serve for the Fall of 2026 in the Representative’s
Washington, D.C. office.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and administrative
work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting responses to constituent
correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, performing legislative research, and
supporting staff members on various projects. Ideal candidates should be professional
and possess excellent communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a commitment

to public service and progressive values. All interns will be paid a one-time stipend of
$5,850 unless funded by an outside organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer. Women,
people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State
and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
The application period for Fall 2026 internships is now open and will close on June
30th at 11:59 PM ET.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample, three
references, and availability to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with the subject
“First Name.Last Name Internship Application.”
We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex,
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Diverse
applicants encouraged to apply.

