Internship Openings
Week of July 13, 2026
MEM-223-26
Congresswoman Nancy Mace's District Office (Daniel Island) is seeking students with a
strong interest in political science, public service, and communication to join as a fall
intern 2026.
The internship can be full-time or part-time and will run from mid-August through
November.
All applicants can submit their information using this link:
Internships | Representative Nancy Mace
The deadline for applications will be July 31, 2026.

MEM-221-26
The office of Congressman Juan Ciscomani (AZ-06) is accepting applications for Fall
2026 paid internships in our Washington D.C. Office.
Ideal candidates are motivated, detail-oriented, and possess a strong work ethic, with the
ability to communicate effectively with constituents and staff. This internship offers a
valuable opportunity to gain hands-on experience in public service and constituent
relations while learning about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office.
Responsibilities may include:
Answering phones and responding to constituent inquiries
• Greeting visitors and assisting with front office operations
• Leading guided tours of the U.S. Capitol
• Conducting legislative research and writing memos on policy and
local issues for the Member and staff
• Assisting with additional administrative and legislative tasks as needed
Qualifications:
• Strong written and verbal communication skills
• Willingness to learn and take initiative
• Professional demeanor and excellent attention to detail
• Ability to work both independently and collaboratively as part of a team

•
•

Demonstrated interest in public service, government, or public policy
Arizona residency or connection to the 6th Congressional District preferred

How to Apply: Interested applicants should submit a resume and brief cover letter
outlining their interest and availability to Reya.Maestas@mail.house.gov

MEM-220-26
The Democratic staff of the Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on Aviation is
seeking a motivated full-time intern for the fall of 2026. Tasks will include assisting staff
with research, hearing and markup preparation, attending meetings and briefings, and
other tasks as assigned. Qualified candidates should have an interest in transportation
and aviation policy and the legislative process, write concisely and clearly, have strong
communications skills, and the ability to handle multiple projects with tight deadlines.
Candidates should be a current student or recent graduate of an undergraduate, graduate
program, or law school.
To apply, candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, list of references, and a
brief policy writing sample (no more than two pages) to T&IDem.jobs@mail.house.gov
with "Aviation Intern" and [First Name] [Last Name] in the subject line. The deadline to
apply is July 16, 2026.
This is a full-time, limited-term position and offers a monthly stipend of $3,208. The office
is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-217-26
The office of Congresswoman Julie Johnson is accepting applications for internships in
her Washington, D.C. Office for the Fall of 2026 (August - November).
Applicants must be open-minded, willing to learn, and have a desire to work for a Texas
member. Our office is hiring a general office intern; responsibilities may include, but are
not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•

Greeting guests and supporting staff with front office operations;
Answering constituent phone calls and recording constituent opinions;
Supporting the legislative team with research and bill recommendations;
Attending briefings and hearings for staff;
Leading Capitol Tour groups;

•
•

Organizing incoming mail and supporting staff with outgoing correspondence;
Other administrative duties as assigned.

We are proudly an office that is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on
the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, military status, sexual
orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Our Fall 2026 D.C. internship application closes July 21st at 11:59 PM ET. College
students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply. Hours are flexible to
accommodate individual schedules, but hours are generally Monday - Friday, 9:00 AM
- 5:00 PM.
Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. If you have any questions please contact
our Intern Coordinator Ela Schulz at ela.schulz@mail.house.gov.
Apply here: https://juliejohnson.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-211-26
The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY, will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Fall Semester 2026.
Applications will be accepted until July 31st, 2026.
Interns will be responsible for:
•
•
•
•
•

Completing constituent calls
Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations
Day-to-day office work
Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the D.C.
office
Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case work
or work on District-based projects of importance

Interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office, congressional
communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students and current graduate students.
For more information on the district internship please
visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
To apply for the Fall 2026 District Office Internship, please fill out the google form
found here: Fall 2026 DO Internship Application Form. Our office will be accepting
applications on a rolling basis until July 31st at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early.

MEM-205-26
Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks press and legislative interns for his Washington,
D.C., office for the Fall 2026 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students, graduate students,
and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of a Congressional office and the
legislative process. Interns should have a general understanding of the U.S. political
system, value open communication, be eager to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be an educational
experience. Internships are offered for either academic credit or a stipend. Internship
applicants must be high school graduates. Current students and recent graduates will be
given first priority for the internship program.
Legislative intern responsibilities include:
• Attending committee hearings and congressional briefings,
• Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
• Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.
Press intern responsibilities include:
• Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press Secretary in
drafting and editing social media content, digital graphics, and other digital
materials,
• Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
• Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,

•
•
•

Answering phones and processing mail,
Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks, as directed.

Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic familiarity with graphic
design and video editing. Submission of a sample graphic or similar communications work
with your application is strongly encouraged.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover letter,
resume, three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf file, with the file
name including internship class, year, last name, and first name (i.e.
Fall2026.Doe.Jane.pdf) to CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by July 15. Please
specify whether you are applying for the press internship or the legislative internship.
Applicants with strong ties to the 49th District are given preference.

MEM-202-26
The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns for Fall 2026,
August 31st – December 11th. Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and
dependable.
Above all, we seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural
Resources Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
eager to learn about the committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research,
prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid
communications.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and
concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations.
Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in
the U.S., and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Assist with administrative duties
• Assist with legislative and policy projects
• Research legislation, regulations, and public law
• Assist with communications and outreach
• Respond to requests for information
• Attend briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff

The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work in-office when
Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a monthly stipend of
$3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military
status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable
accommodation to participate in the application or hiring process are encouraged to
request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
The application deadline is close of business on July 8th.
Interested candidates should apply by visiting the House Natural Resources
Committee Democrats’ website at https://democratsnaturalresources.house.gov/internships.
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates who are
being actively considered for this position.

MEM-201-26
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking interns for
the upcoming Fall 2026 term.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, drafting and
editing constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the
legislative staff, and otherwise providing support for the day-to-day activities of the office.
Interns are paid via a monthly stipend.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin,
age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing
samples to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should
indicate their availability on an hourly, daily, and monthly basis during the Fall term in
their email or cover letter. The deadline to apply is 6:00pm ET on Friday, July 24th,
2026.

MEM-199-26
The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting applications
for an internship during the 2026 Fall term. Applicants must be based in Washington, D.C.
for the duration of the fall internship (Early September to early December, subject to
change).
Full-time paid internships run Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House
Calendar). Part-time internships are scheduled to accommodate students’ course
schedules, as well as the needs of the office. Part-time interns can expect to receive either
pay or academic credit. Interns must be a U.S. citizen and legally eligible to work for the
U.S. federal government.
Washington, D.C. Internship Responsibilities
Interns in the Washington, D.C. office play an important role in the daily operations of the
office and gain firsthand experience in the legislative process.
Core Responsibilities (all interns)
All interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing other
inquiries
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting constituent
letters
• Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team
• Assisting with day-to-day office work and other duties as delegated by members of
the Staff
• Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the Rochester
office
• Other administrative tasks as assigned
Additional Responsibilities (by focus area)
Each semester, interns have the opportunity to take on additional duties based on office
needs and individual interests. These may include responsibilities in Communications,
Scheduling, or Correspondence:
Communications Interns may:

•
•
•
•
•
•

Compile daily press clips and monitor media coverage of issues relevant to the
Member
Draft press releases, media advisories, and statements under staff guidance
Assist with social media content creation and scheduling
Help update the office website and other digital platforms
Maintain press contact lists and track media inquiries
Support logistics for press events and prepare briefing materials for interviews or
appearances

Scheduling Interns may:
• Assist with processing and tracking incoming invitations to the Member
• Confirm details and logistics for meetings, events, and travel
• Help maintain the Member’s calendar and coordinate with district staff as needed
• Prepare briefing materials for scheduled events or meetings
• Support logistics for events, including visitor coordination and follow-up
• Assist with schedule adjustments, conflicts, and communications
Correspondence Interns may:
• Track and organize inbound constituent correspondence
• Draft responses to constituent letters on legislative issues and policy questions
under staff supervision
• Research issues raised by constituents to inform responses
• Assist the Legislative Correspondent in preparing reports summarizing constituent
concerns and trends
Throughout the semester, interns will learn about the operations of a congressional office,
congressional communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should
possess excellent written and verbal communications skills, a strong attention to detail, the
ability to succeed in a fast-paced work environment, and a good sense of humor. New York
State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one document within the application
form listed below:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• Writing sample (ex. policy memo, short essay, etc.) (max. 2 pages)
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college graduates.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship please visit:

https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.
To apply for the Fall 2026 D.C. Internship, please fill out the google form found here. Our
office has will be accepting applications on a rolling basis until July 17th at 11:59pm EST.
Applicants are encouraged to submit their application early.

MEM-198-26
The Office of Rep. Josh Harder offers paid internships in our Washington office. Our
hands-on internship program offers highly motivated undergraduates, graduate students,
and recent graduates the opportunity to gain real-world experience in government and
politics. Over the course of their service, interns will gain a deeper knowledge of the federal
government and strengthen their communications, writing, problem-solving, and timemanagement skills. This program is structured to prepare our interns for a future career in
government.
Our internship classes generally fall under the following timeline:
•

Fall internships: August-December (Apply for Fall by July 19, 2026 11:59 PM PST)

We do our best to accommodate requirements for college credit.
Responsibilities
Responsibilities will vary but may include:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Communicating with constituents through mail, email, and over the phone;
Staffing the front desk and greeting visitors;
Conducting research to be used for floor speeches, memos, committee hearings,
and other legislative business;
Monitoring press coverage, current events, and House business;
Preparing news clippings for the legislative and communications staff;
Helping process flag and tour requests;
Attending briefings and hearings; and
Administrative tasks as assigned.

How to Apply:
To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Josh Harder, send your
resume, cover letter and a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF
to Sophie.Cazares@mail.house.gov. Please include the days and times you will be
available, desired start and end date, and any requirements your school has in order
for you to receive credit in your cover letter. Please format the subject line of your
email "DC Internship - First Name Last Name - Fall."

All individuals are encouraged to apply. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals,
people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.

MEM-194-26
The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is accepting applications for Fall
2026 legislative interns in our West Chester, Reading, and Washington, D.C. offices. This
internship will run from mid-August through mid-December.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer stipends to applicants, with
accommodations for Pell-eligible applicants. Our internship program has returned to inperson work with flexible telework options should interns need to work from home.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a passion for
community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing to spend a lot of time
on the phone and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting memos for
our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or meetings. We offer
interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
Please submit applications through the “Legislative Internship” form our
website, Houlahan.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender,
LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-193-26
Under the supervision of the office’s Legislative Counsel, the Law Clerk will support the
Congresswoman’s legislative and oversight work by conducting legal and policy research,
preparing for and staffing Judiciary Committee hearings and markups, developing vote
recommendations, and helping to advance legislation. Law Clerks will draft legal
memoranda, hearing scripts, policy memos, briefing materials, and other written products.
This position is ideal for high-achieving law students, preferably 2Ls or 3Ls, with a strong
interest in public law, policymaking, politics, congressional oversight, or government
service. Law Clerks will have the opportunity to engage in serious, substantive work across

a wide range of issue areas, including antitrust, administrative law, civil rights and civil
liberties, criminal justice, government reform (i.e., anti-corruption), intellectual property,
oversight, privacy, technology (e.g., artificial intelligence), and voting rights.
The clerkship is unpaid but may be completed for academic credit. Women, people of
color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
The application period for Fall 2026 Law Clerks is now open and will close on July 9th at
11:59 PM ET.
To apply, please email the following materials to
JayapalDCLawclerk@mail.house.gov: (1) resume, (2) cover letter, (3) list of three
references with email addresses, and (4) unofficial undergraduate and graduate
transcripts. Please combine all application materials into a single PDF and use the
subject line: “Law Clerk – FirstName LastName.”

MEM-188-26
The Office of Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur (OH-09) is seeking motivated college
students, recent graduates, and graduate students for the Fall 2026 Internship Program
in her Washington, D.C., office.
Intern responsibilities vary daily but typically include assisting with constituent services,
sorting mail, answering phones, conducting legislative research, attending hearings and
briefings, and providing general administrative support to staff.
The ideal candidate will have strong written and oral communication skills, an interest in
public service and the legislative process, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced
environment. Applicants should be organized, dependable, and eager to learn. Ties to Ohio
are strongly preferred but not required.
To Apply:
Interested candidates should submit a single PDF containing the following materials:
• A current résumé
• A one-page cover letter outlining your interest in the position and availability
• A short written response (300–500 words) to the following prompt:
o What does public service mean to you? You may share a personal
experience, describe values you live by, or reflect on a moment that has
shaped your interest in public service.
Please send completed applications in a SINGLE PDF
to angela.maloney@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Fall
2026 Internship Application – [Your Name]

Application Deadline: July 21, 2026, at noon.
This internship offers a unique opportunity to gain firsthand experience in a congressional
office, develop professional skills, and contribute to the work of Congresswoman Kaptur
and her team.
The Office of Congresswoman Kaptur is an equal-opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.

