Internship Openings
Week of March 10, 2025
MEM-093-25
Legal Fellow – Congressman Darrell Issa
Spring and Summer Legal Fellowships available with the Office of Congressman Darrell
Issa (CA-48) in Washington, D.C.
Duties include assisting the Congressman’s Judiciary team with legislative research,
memo drafting, and preparing materials for upcoming hearings for the Subcommittee on
the Courts, Intellectual Property, Artificial Intelligence, and the Internet, as well as his work
on the Antitrust Subcommittee and full Judiciary Committee.
We are looking for a current law student that possesses critical thinking skills, political
acumen, discretion, timeliness, strong analytical skills, and is able to work in a fast-paced
environment. The position will work with schooling needs.
A modest stipend is available.
Class credit for the schools may also be available. We are flexible on start and end dates.
Interested applicants should email their resume to levi.lall@mail.house.gov indicating the
job title in the subject line.

MEM-092-25
The Office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking a current law
student or recent law school graduate for a full-time Summer Legal Fellowship for our
Washington, D.C. office beginning in May 2025.
Our office values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial environment.
We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to grow. Interns will have

great opportunities to learn from office staff and network with others to make the most of
their time with our office!
Fellowship Expectations:
The Fellow will support the Congresswoman’s policy work primarily related to her
involvement on the House Judiciary Committee, including civil rights and liberties,
government ethics, criminal justice, prison oversight, law enforcement, immigration,
antitrust, and intellectual property. The Fellow will also support the Congresswoman’s
Legislative team with policy research and writing. Applicants are encouraged to apply for
school funding.
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service; possess
excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and communication skills;
work well in a fast-paced, team environment; be detail-oriented and self-starters; and have
a general understanding of the US political system. Candidates must possess a JD.
Legal Fellow Responsibilities:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Policy research and writing
Draft memoranda and briefs
Support the legislative team in stakeholder meetings
Prepare the Congresswoman and members of staff for meetings and hearings with
research and administrative tasks
Work on other administrative tasks and duties as assigned
Answer phones and assist in correspondence with constituents

Internship Dates and Details:
The Summer Fellowship is slated to start mid-May 2025 and go until the end of August
2025, with some flexibility based on academic schedule. The Fellow is expected to work in
person in the office, Monday-Friday 9 a.m.- 5 p.m.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. ET on Sunday, March 16, 2025.
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter detailing
weekly available hours IN ONE COMBINED
DOCUMENT to: CA37.internships@mail.house.gov

MEM-091-25
Summer 2025 DC Internship
The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, Summer 2025 Interns for the
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the
front office, assisting legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams

with drafting, and other tasks as assigned. Successful candidates work well under
deadlines, are organized, hard-working, detail-oriented, have excellent customer service
skills, and are team players. Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Interns will be eligible for a
monthly stipend. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and 2 writing
samples to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Summer 2025 DC Intern - [Last Name], [First
Name]” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-090-25
Representative Diana Harshbarger (R-TN-01) seeks a highly motivated and detailoriented Press/Digital Intern to join their Washington, D.C. office. This position offers an
excellent opportunity for hands-on experience in political communications, media
relations, and public messaging on Capitol Hill. This intern will work directly with, and
report to the Communications Director.
This paid internship is open to undergraduate and graduate students from early May
through late August. General hours are 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM when Congress is in session
and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when it is not.
Interested applicants must submit a PDF file containing a cover letter and resume to be
considered. As a bonus, applicants may submit additional materials with examples of
digital work or writing samples. This must all be emailed
to sam.somogye@mail.house.gov and holly.lay@mail.house.gov with the subject line,
“Press/Digital Internship Application — [Your Name]
Responsibilities:
• Assist in drafting press releases, media advisories, talking points, and social media
content.
• Monitor news coverage and compile daily press clips.
• Help manage the Member’s social media accounts, including drafting and
scheduling posts.
• Track media requests and assist in preparing responses.
• Conduct research to support press and communications initiatives.
• Assist with the production of digital content, including graphics and videos.
• Attend and take notes at press events, briefings, and hearings as needed.
• Perform administrative tasks to support the communications team.
Qualifications:
• Strong writing, editing, and research skills.
• A keen interest in conservative politics, media, and policy issues.
• Experience with social media platforms (Twitter/X, Facebook, Instagram) and digital
content creation.
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and handle multiple tasks.
• A positive attitude, strong work ethic, and attention to detail.
Preferences:

•
•
•

Completed undergraduate degree.
Prior internship or experience in communications, journalism, or politics.
Proficiency in graphic design or video editing.

MEM-089-25
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated Legislative Interns in our D.C.
office for the Summer 2025 semester.
Interns in our D.C. office will have the opportunity to witness the legislative process and
the inner workings of Capitol Hill first-hand. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
answering constituent phone calls, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the United States Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the
needs of the Congresswoman's staff. The internship will run from June through August,
from 9 am-6 pm when Congress is in session and from 9 am-5 pm when Congress is not in
session.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills, prioritizes
professionalism, is a dedicated team player, and has a friendly persona. Ties to Nevada's
First District are a plus, but not required. The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
How to Apply:
Interested applicants should fill out the form below and include a cover letter, resume, and
short (1-2 page) writing sample. Applications will be accepted until Friday, April 4th, 2025,
on a rolling basis.
https://airtable.com/app96r3qMaOs2fQgs/shrGFvZ6jej2Q7eDg

MEM-075-25
Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks Interns for his Washington, D.C., office for the
Summer 2025 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students, graduate students,
and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of a Congressional office and the
legislative process. Interns should have a general understanding of the U.S. political
system, value open communication, be eager to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.

Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be an educational
experience. Internships are offered for either academic credit or a stipend. Internship
applicants must be high school graduates. Current students and recent graduates will be
given first priority for the internship program.
Legislative intern responsibilities include:
• Attending committee hearings and congressional briefings,
• Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
• Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.
Press intern responsibilities include:
• Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press Secretary in
drafting and editing social media content, digital graphics, and other digital
materials,
• Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
• Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks, as directed.
Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic familiarity with graphic
design and video editing. Submission of a sample graphic or similar communications work
with your application is strongly encouraged.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover letter, resume,
three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf file, with the file name including
internship class, year, last name, and first name (i.e. Summer2025.Doe.Jane.pdf)
to CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by March 15, 2025. Please specify whether you
are applying for the press internship or the legislative internship. Applicants with strong
ties to the 49th District are given preference.

MEM-070-25
The Office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking Congressional
Interns for our Washington, D.C. office for the Summer 2025 term.
Our office values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial environment.
We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to grow. Interns will have

great opportunities to learn from office staff and network with others to make the most of
their time with our office!
Intern Expectations
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service; possess
excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and communication skills;
work well in a team environment; and have a general understanding of the US political
system.
Internship Responsibilities
Interns can expect to:
• Answer phones and assist in correspondence with constituents
• Greet constituents and office visitors
• Process tour requests and lead Capitol tours
• Handle mail
• Perform legislative research and draft memos
• Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant in drafting social media
content and other materials like press releases, website content, and newsletters
• Compile daily press clips
• Edit video clips
• Work on other administrative tasks as directed

Internship Dates and Details:
Summer internships are slated to start mid-May 2025 and go until the end of August 2025,
with some flexibility based on academic schedule. Interns are expected to work in person
in the office, Monday-Friday 9 a.m.- 5 p.m. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate
remote or hybrid internships.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. ET on Sunday, March 16, 2025.
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter detailing
weekly available hours IN ONE COMBINED DOCUMENT to:
• CA37.internships@mail.house.gov for DC office internship.
• You MUST follow these instructions:
o Use the subject line and title your document “First name Last name
[legislative] OR [press] – Summer 2025 internship”
Please reach out our Intern Coordinator, Maite McPherson, with any questions
at Maite.McPherson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-069-25
The Office of Congresswoman Grace Meng (NY-06) seeks candidates for paid Summer
2025 internship positions in the Washington D.C. office.
Intern responsibilities will vary and are designed to give interns insight into the legislative
process and a well-rounded experience on Capitol Hill. Some duties include answering
phones, running errands, giving Capitol tours, researching legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on
various issues before the House.
This internship will run from May/June to August. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students course schedules, but generally run from Monday to Friday, 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Applications for the Summer semester will be considered on a rolling basis. Priority will be
given to applicants who apply before March 15th. Interested applicants should email a
resume, cover letter, writing sample, and their availability
to ny06_intern_app@mail.house.gov. Please include your name and the semester for
which you are applying in the subject line.

MEM-068-25
The Office of Representative Donald Norcross (NJ-01) is seeking motivated candidates for
the Summer 2025 Internship program.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with legislative,
administrative, constituent relations, scheduling, and communications activities. Interns
will answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; attend hearings and
briefings; assist with legislative research; compile daily clips; and participate in
professional development activities.
Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and
professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
Interns receive a stipend.
Please send a resume, cover letter, two or three professional references, and a brief
writing sample as one combined PDF to internships.norcross@mail.house.gov. No phone
calls or drop-ins, please. Incomplete applications will not be reviewed.

MEM-066-25
LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP: The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is
accepting applications for Summer 2025 legislative interns in our West Chester, Reading,
and Washington, D.C. offices. This internship will run from late May through early August.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer stipends to students who are
in need. Our internship program has returned to in-person work with flexible telework
options should interns need to work from home.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a passion for
community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing to spend a lot of time
on the phone and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting memos for
our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or meetings. We offer
interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
Please submit applications through the “Legislative Internship” form our
website, Houlahan.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender,
LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-065-25
PRESS INTERNSHIP: The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is
accepting applications for Summer 2025 Press Interns in our Washington, D.C., Reading,
and West Chester offices. This internship will run from late May through early August.
We offer needs-based stipends to students who are in need. Our internship program has
returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have experience in a facedpaced, deadline-oriented work environment. Applicants must be independent problemsolvers, have strong writing skills, and be comfortable communicating to both internal and
external audiences. Technical experience with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign,
Illustrator), photo editing programs (Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software
(Premiere, Headliner) a major plus.

Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips, helping draft
copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital content. Press interns will have
the opportunity to staff the congresswoman to capture videos and photos of events. We
offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and why you’re
interested in interning in our office, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one example of digital work
(video, graphic or photo) to PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender,
LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-059-25
Internship Opportunity: Office of the Representative Joseph D. Morelle
The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting applications
for an internship during the 2025 Summer term. Applicants must be based in Washington,
D.C. for the duration of the summer internship (mid-May to mid-August, subject to
change).
Full-time paid internships run Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House
Calendar). Part-time internships are scheduled to accommodate students’ course
schedules, as well as the needs of the office. Part-time interns can expect to receive either
a stipend or academic credit. Interns must be legally eligible to work for the U.S. federal
government.
In Washington, D.C., interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations;
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing
inquiries;
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests;
• Day-to-day office work to assist with the functioning of the congressional office and
other duties as delegated by members of the staff;

•
•
•
•
•

Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting constituent
letters;
Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff;
Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team;
Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the Rochester
office;
Other administrative tasks as assigned.

Throughout the semester, interns will learn about the operations of a congressional office,
congressional communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should
possess excellent written and verbal communications skills, a strong attention to detail,
the ability to succeed in a fast-paced work environment, and a good sense of humor. New
York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following within the application form listed
below:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• Writing sample (ex. policy memo, short essay, etc.) (max. 2 pages)
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college graduates.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship, please visit our website:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.
To apply for the Summer 2025 DC Internship, please fill out the google form found here:
https://forms.gle/vPks4HTwadRtpDDF6. Our office will be accepting applications on a
rolling basis until March 15th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit their
application early.

MEM-058-25
Legislative Intern
The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks qualified
undergrad students and recent graduates for Legislative Interns for the Summer 2025
session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give students a
thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process.
Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with administrative tasks

such as answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials for
staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at
hearings and markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s
broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fast-paced
environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in particular, the
role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative process. Superior writing
and communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Fulltime availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or age.
Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply. Interns will
receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to receive
credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
(two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your cover letter, please
indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and whether you are available
to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Summer 2025 Legislative Intern Application” in
the subject line. The deadline for applications is March 21, 2025. Please no phone calls or
drop-ins.

MEM-055-25
Congressman French Hill Internship Program
Congressman French Hill (AR02) seeks interns to serve in his offices in
Washington, D.C., and Arkansas.
Interns will work in a fast-paced office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge
of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include (but are
not limited to) interacting with Arkansans and other visitors, conducting legislative
research and writing, drafting communications materials, and assisting Arkansans with
matters before the federal government.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Applicants should have working knowledge of
current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks.
Social media and other communications experience are a plus. Successful interns will
be self-starters, listen to and take direction, and be willing to work both independently
and as part of a team.

Standard internships take place as follows:
- Spring: January through May
- Summer: May through August
- Fall: September through November
Internships outside of this schedule may be offered on a case-by-case basis.
Paid and unpaid internships are available.
Interested individuals should send a resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov. For more information, please call (501) 324-5941 or
(202) 225-2506 and ask for the Intern Coordinator.

MEM-050-25
The Washington, D.C. oqice of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks Interns for the
upcoming Summer 2025 term.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and brieﬁngs, drafting and
editing constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the
legislative staq, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing support for
the day-to-day activities of the oqice. Interns are paid via a monthly stipend.
The Oqice of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin,
age, or socioeconomic status.
All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples to
WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should indicate their
availability on both an hourly and monthly basis.
The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM ET on Friday, April 11th, 2025.

MEM-044-25
The office of U.S. Congressman Jeff Van Drew (R-NJ-02) is currently accepting applications
for part and full-time interns for the summer session. This is a Republican office, and the
start date would be as early as May 1st with an end date in early August. This is a paid
internship with each intern receiving up to a $1,000 stipend depending on availability
based on a 40-hour workweek.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with our
nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the office and are

expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times. Duties include (but are not
limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, opening
and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various other
tasks to assist staff.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter to nj02internships@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re applying for a fall internship and format the
files as [Full Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter]."

MEM-041-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking interns
for the summer of 2025. This is an in-person opportunity.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of Representatives and
gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fast-paced office. Internships are
offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and stipends are offered based on need. Fulltime availability is preferred. Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required.
Start dates are flexible. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•

Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
Strong communications and writing skills.
Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
Self-motivated
Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.

Responsibilities:
•
•
•
•

Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms
of outreach.
Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.

To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•
•
•

Resume.
Cover letter.
Three references

MEM-039-25
Congressman Cory Mills’ (FL-07) Washington, D.C. office is currently seeking.
qualified individuals to serve in his Washington, D.C. office for the Spring of
2025.
Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office, while gaining
firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with
legislative projects and attending briefings and hearings.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. This is a paid internship. To start immediately.
Please send resumes and cover letter to Milka.jurado2@mail.house.gov

