Internship Openings
Week of December 08, 2025
MEM-366-25
The Democratic staff of the Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on Aviation is
seeking a motivated full-time intern for the spring of 2026. Tasks will include assisting staff
with research, hearing and markup preparation, attending meetings and briefings, and
other tasks as assigned. Qualified candidates should have an interest in transportation
and aviation policy and the legislative process, can write concisely and clearly, have strong
communications skills, and the ability to handle multiple projects with tight deadlines.
Candidates should be a current student or recent graduate of an undergraduate, graduate
program, or law school.
To apply, candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a brief policy writing
sample (no more than two pages) to T&IDem.jobs@mail.house.gov with "Aviation Intern"
and [First Name] [Last Name] in the subject line. The deadline to apply is December 12,
2025.
This is a full-time, limited-term position and offers a monthly stipend of $3,208. The office
is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-364-25
The Office of Congressman Jim Costa (CA-21) is seeking a highly motivated and
creative Digital/Press Intern to join a fast-paced communications operation based in Rep.
Costa’s Washington, D.C. office for the Winter 2026 term. This is a paid internship of
$17.50 an hour.
This internship program prides itself on its educational aspects. Interns will immerse
themselves in a dynamic environment and learn the ins and outs of a congressional office
communications program. They will also have opportunities to attend educational
briefings, take classes on relevant subjects with the Congressional Research Service,
and converse with seasoned congressional staffers.

Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and digital skills to assist with
time-sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing
software, such as Adobe, Canva, and Photoshop. Candidates with experience in a press or
digital media role (including internships) are preferred but not required. California or
Central Valley ties are a plus. The intern will work closely with the Communications
Director.
Internship Responsibilities
• Assist the Press Secretary and Deputy Press Secretary with drafting social media
content, e-newsletters, targeted mailing, and website content.
• Edit photos and create engaging graphics in line with the Congressman’s brand.
• Clipping, editing, and compiling video clips.
• Assist with creation and maintenance of press lists
• Compile daily press clips and reports about social media analytics.
• Other office tasks such as answering phones, drafting correspondence, and other duties
as required.
Internship Dates and Details:
Winter internships will start in early January and go until mid-May, with some flexibility.
Interns are expected to work in compliance with the office's regular hours of operation. Our
office cannot accommodate remote or hybrid internships at this time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on December 18th.
Apply: Interested applicants should fill out the internship application via our
website: Internships | Congressman Jim Costa (house.gov):
https://costa.house.gov/services/internships and clearly note their interest in a
press internship.
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. The Office of Rep. Jim Costa is an equal-opportunity
employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment.
Contact: Please reach out to our intern coordinator, Grant Menolascino, with any
questions regarding the application process at Grant.menolascino@mail.house.gov.

MEM-358-25
The Office of Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a paid Press and Digital Fellow
based in Washington, D.C., to join a fast-paced, collaborative team for Spring 2026. Fellow
must be a hard-working individual with demonstrated digital skills and the ability to
prioritize multiple tasks at once. Fellowship is full-time for Spring with a monthly stipend.
Job Functions:
• Create timely and engaging social media content
• Produce high-quality graphics and videos (including script writing and production)
• Draft press materials like releases and quotes as required

•
•

Work with Chief of Staff and Communications Director to strategize and execute on
communications goals
All other tasks as assigned

Qualifications:
• Prior experience in digital communications, including graphic design and video
editing
• Strong writing and grammar skills
• Excellent time management and interpersonal communication skills
• Senior year students or recent graduates with degrees in communications-focused
majors are preferred
Please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (2 pages maximum) and 2-3 graphic or
video samples in a single pdf to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line “Press
and Digital Fellow Spring 2026 – Last Name.” Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race,
sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Diverse applicants encouraged to apply. Maryland ties are a plus.

MEM-347-25
The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns with our DC
office for the Spring 2026 session. The internship would begin in January and last until midMay.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge over the day-to-day
happenings within Congress. Additionally, interns will receive a monthly stipend. The
internship is an ideal fit for any student that is interested in politics, law or government –
however, any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the legislative
staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping with
administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
• Be a current undergraduate or graduate student, or have recently graduated.
• Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
• Have strong communications and writing skills.
• Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should address
their application materials to Katonya Pettaway at Interns.NC03@gmail.com. Applications
should include a cover letter, resume, and what the individual’s internship schedule may
look like.

MEM-346-25
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2026 term.
Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process first-hand
and the many functions of a Congressional office. The Press and Digital Intern will
help build out the Congresswoman’s digital and social media presence, with heavy
emphasis on creating engaging social media content and graphics.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist
with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video
editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. Press Intern responsibilities will vary but may
include answering phones and data entry. Washington DC interns may be asked to assist
in researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending briefings,
hearings, and markups; and answering constituent letters on various issues.
To apply, To apply, please complete the application form found on Congresswoman
Matsui's website: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the
application, a cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to California’s
7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a rolling
basis. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification,
family status, or military status.

MEM-345-25
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Sacramento) offices
for the Spring 2026 term. Legislative interns will have a unique opportunity to learn
about the legislative process first-hand and the many functions of a Congressional
office.
Legislative intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data
entry. Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending briefings, hearings, and markups; and answering
constituent letters on various issues. Interns based in California may also be asked to
assist on a variety of constituent casework or in-district projects, as needed.
To apply, please complete the application form found on Congresswoman Matsui's
website: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application, a cover
letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to California’s 7th District are
preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a rolling basis. This office is
an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, religion,

disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family status,
or military status.

MEM-342-25
Spring 2026 Legislative Internship – DC Office of Congresswoman Mary Gay Scanlon
Applications for Spring 2026 internships will be accepted beginning November 17,
2025 and are due December 9, 2025.
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•

Drafting constituent correspondence

•

Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman

•

Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda

•

Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones

Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public service.
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to
assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring
Legislative Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and
compile all application materials into one PDF document.

MEM-340-25
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Spring 2026 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island office, to start at the beginning of January and go until mid-May.
Duties include, but are not limited to:

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the
Member office to constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;
Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
Assists Member and key staff (e.g. Staff Assistant, Press Assistant,
Constituent Services Team) with logistical and administrative duties;
Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member
office’s consideration and response;
Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at local
events;
Accompanies district staff to public forums, meetings, and events as a
representative to the Member.

Applicants should apply on our website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-339-25
Congressman John McGuire is seeking motivated and dedicated interns to join his DC
office for the Spring 2026 semester. Interns in the DC office will have the opportunity to
witness the legislative process, engage in the behind-the-scenes operations of Congress,
and serve as a vital member of the staff while serving the people of Central Virginia.
Responsibilities will typically include:
• Answering phone calls for our constituents;
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff;
• Attending hearings and briefings;
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House;
• Guiding Capitol tours;
• Writing letters, and assisting with office management;
• and other duties.
Qualifications: The ideal candidate will possess exceptional written and oral
communication skills, a desire to serve the member’s constituents, a degree of
professionalism and an interest in the congressman’s issue areas, including national
defense and oversight. Virginia ties are preferred but not required. Full-time applicants are
preferred.
To apply, please fill out the application form through the website or send a resume and
cover letter to the mail listed on the site.
Internships | Representative John McGuire

MEM-331-25

The personal office of Congressman Brian Mast (FL-21) is accepting applications for
unpaid internships in Washington, D.C. for the Spring 2026 term. This internship will run
from January through May, with flexible start and end dates.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting staff with
administrative duties, communications projects, legislative research, and drafting
correspondence letters.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a general
understanding of the legislative process, possess strong written and oral communication
skills, and display strong interpersonal skills. Florida or district ties are not required. The
internship schedule is flexible for college students if needed.
Interested applicants should email their resumes, cover letters, availability, and ideal
timeframe to shelly.ballaish@mail.house.gov and david.casimes@mail.house.gov.
Please use the subject line “LASTNAME – Spring 2026 Internship.”
Please note that while Congressman Mast serves as Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, this internship is within his personal (Florida-based) office, so an interest in
the Congressman’s domestic legislative priorities and constituent services is essential.

