Member and Committee Openings
Week of November 25, 2024
MEM-495-24
Job Opening : Scheduler
Representative-elect Eugene Vindman (VA-07) seeks a Scheduler to manage his schedule
in both Washington, DC and Virginia’s Seventh Congressional District. The position will be
based in his Washington, DC office. The Scheduler will be responsible for managing the
Representative’s daily and long-term schedule; keeping track of and responding to
invitations and meeting requests; working with the District, Communications, and
Legislative teams to prioritize among competing events and to proactively schedule and
build out events in the district and in Washington, DC; compiling briefing materials;
managing logistics and travel for the Representative; and assisting with office operations
and administration. The position requires exceptional attention to detail, excellent
customer service skills, a high level of responsiveness, excellent communication skills, the
ability to work outside of normal business hours (particularly when Congress is in session),
and the ability to juggle competing priorities in a fast-paced environment. Note: for more
experienced candidates, this could become a Director of Operations role that would cover
scheduling as well as additional responsibilities.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and contact information
for three references to vindmanjobsva@gmail.com with the subject line “Scheduler – [Your
Name].”
The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Qualified people of color
and people from underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-494-24
Job Opening : District Director
Representative-elect Eugene Vindman (VA-07) seeks a District Director to manage his
constituent services and district outreach operation in Virginia’s Seventh District. The
position will be based in his Prince William County district office, with regular travel
throughout the Seventh District. The District Director will be responsible for hiring, training,
and managing the district team; ensuring constituent casework is done efficiently and
effectively; developing and executing an outreach strategy to ensure that the
Representative’s team is reaching every corner and every community of the district;
planning district events for the Representative during district work periods; developing and
maintaining relationships across the district with local government officials, businesses,
nonprofits, and other stakeholders; opening additional district offices as necessary; and
maintaining strong channels of communication with the DC office so that constituent
concerns are heard and are at the forefront of the entire team’s work. The position requires
exceptional customer service skills, strong management skills (including the ability to
manage team members working in different locations), attention to detail, proactivity, longterm planning, the ability to work outside of normal business hours to attend community
events, and an in-depth understanding of various communities in Virginias’s Seventh
District.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and contact information
for three references to vindmanjobsva@gmail.com with the subject line “District Director –
[Your Name].”
The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Qualified people of color
and people from underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-493-24
Job Opening : Communications Director
Representative-elect Eugene Vindman (VA-07) seeks a Communications Director to
manage his public-facing communications operation in his Washington, D.C. office. The
Communications Director must have multiple years of communications experience on
Capitol Hill, campaigns, or similar environments. The Communications Director will be
responsible for training and managing the communications team; pitching stories on the
Representative to press; drafting press releases, speeches, talking points, op eds, and

other written materials; planning in-district media events; and developing and executing a
media strategy that includes earned media, digital media, and franked communications.
The position requires an understanding of the Virginia media landscape, an ability to build
and maintain relationships with both Capitol Hill and Virginia press, outstanding writing
and editing skills, an ability to speak/write in the Representative’s voice, and the ability to
meet short deadlines. Virginia ties are a plus. To apply, please send a cover letter, resume,
two writing samples, and contact information for three references to
vindmanjobsva@gmail.com with the subject line “Communications Director – [Your
Name].”
The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Qualified people of color
and people from underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-492-24
Job Opening: Legislative Director
Representative-elect Eugene Vindman (VA-07) seeks a Legislative Director to manage his

legislative operation in Washington, DC. The Legislative Director must have several years of
experience working on Capitol Hill, preferably in a House office and with a Frontline
Member. The Legislative Director will be responsible for training and managing the
legislative team, providing vote recommendations, supervising committee work, tracking
legislative accomplishments, introducing original legislation, meeting with constituent
groups, recommending legislation to cosponsor, and developing and executing on a longterm legislative agenda in line with the Representative’s priorities. The position requires
deep policy expertise, an understanding of how to get things done on Capitol Hill, strong
management skills, excellent writing and communication skills, and the ability to work
outside of normal business hours (especially during in-session weeks). Virginia ties are a
plus.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and contact information
for three references to vindmanjobsva@gmail.com with the subject line “Legislative
Director – [Your Name].”
The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Qualified people of color
and people from underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-490-24
Job Opening: Communications Assistant

The Office of Representative Ilhan Omar is seeking a talented, creative, and motivated
Communications Assistant in Minneapolis, MN, or Washington, D.C. Candidates will
ideally have at least 2-3 years of press or digital experience, preferably in political or
legislative fields. Experience editing videos and exceptional writing skills are required.
Responsibilities include shooting and editing videos and graphics for the
Congresswoman’s social media platforms, managing the website, managing press
inquiries, drafting press releases, talking points for the Member as needed, and the biweekly e-newsletter. Applicants should share the Congresswoman’s progressive values, be
highly organized, possess a strong work ethic, and have the ability to work flexible hours,
including evenings and weekends, and travel. This position will report to the
Communications Director and assist with other duties as assigned.
Salary Range: $64,000 - $69,000 – Salary commensurate with experience. The office offers
a competitive package of benefits (health insurance, retirement match, student loan
repayment program – eligibility requirements apply, etc.).
The Office is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applicants without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age. Women and
minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Please do not call or drop into the office.
Qualified applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, links to two videos they have
edited, and two brief writing samples with “Communications Assistant” in the subject line
to:
mn05jobs@gmail.com
Deadline to apply: December 5, 2024

MEM-486-24
Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks a Scheduler to join his office in Washington, D.C.
Candidates must have exceptional organizational and communications skills, be detail
oriented, proactive, and able to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.
Candidates are expected to keep the Congressman’s schedule updated, respond to and
process invitations for meetings and events in a timely manner, and manage the
Congressman’s travel plans and logistics. The Scheduler will work closely with the Chief of
Staff, District Director, scheduler in the District Office, Legislative Director and
Communications Director, and may have other duties as assigned.
Capitol Hill or other relevant administrative, operations, or scheduling experience is
strongly preferred. This is not an entry-level position. Rhode Island ties are a plus.

Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status,
sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. To apply, send in a
single PDF with a resume, a cover letter, and three references (including name, current title
and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference) to
RI01AmoJobs@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name – Scheduler.”

MEM-484-24
Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks a Caseworker to join his district office in Rhode
Island. Candidates must have exceptional written and verbal communication skills, be
organized, and pay attention to detail. Candidates will be expected to be a liaison to other
government entities on behalf of the Congressman to serve constituents. Candidates
should have a strong ability to exercise discretion and judgment in resolving casework. The
Caseworker will report to the District Director, work with the staff in Washington D.C. as
appropriate, and may have other duties as assigned.
Candidates should have experience working in a fast-paced office and maintain a
professional, flexible, and positive demeanor while managing competing tasks and
projects. The Caseworker will be expected to maintain accurate and complete files on all
assigned casework matters and be able to respond to constituent request for information.
Casework or other relevant experience is strongly preferred. This is not an entry-level
position. Rhode Island ties are a plus. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged
to apply. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, a cover letter, and three references (including
name, current title and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the
reference) to RI01JobsAmo@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Caseworker”.

MEM-478-24
Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks a Field Representative to join his district office in
Pawtucket, RI. Candidates must have exceptional communications skills, be detail
oriented, proactive, a strong understanding of Rhode Island, and able to work in a fastpaced, collaborative environment. Candidates are expected to serve as a liaison with
federal, state, and/or local agencies and constituent groups, communicate and meet with
constituents with and on behalf of the Congressman, staff the Congressman and represent
the office at district events, manage grant and federal funding support requests from

constituents and local stakeholders, and answer casework correspondence, and other
duties as assigned. Some key functions of the position include:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Meeting with local groups and constituents.
Proactively seeking opportunities to develop community outreach relationships.
Working closely with the District Director and Washington D.C. office to implement
planned outreach events and to suggest new innovative ideas.
Representing or speaking on behalf of the Congressman at events and local
meetings.
Staying abreast of local news and issues affecting Rhode Islanders.
Monitoring and updating the Congressman and staff on district and local issues.
Responding to casework and federal funding inquiries from constituents.
Performing other duties as assigned.

Successful applicants must be detail oriented, have a positive attitude, and the genuine
desire to serve constituents in Rhode Island’s First Congressional District. Congressional
or other relevant grant writing and managing experience is strongly preferred. Rhode Island
ties are a plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status,
sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. To apply, send in a
single PDF with a resume, a cover letter, and three references (including name, current title
and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to RI01JobsAmo@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name – Field
Representative.”

MEM-474-24
Title: Digital Director, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
Reports to: Communications Director, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
The Republican (Majority) staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a
full-time Digital Director.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Drafting press releases, floor speeches, quotes, talking points, social media posts,
one-pagers, and scripts for speaking engagements and video productions.
• Creating, developing, and managing social media posts and a broader social media
strategy.
• Managing sending out press releases, official statements, media advisories, and
other external communications.
• Managing the Committee website.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Managing the internal and external Committee press list, to include growing the
external press list.
Managing hearing livestreams.
Clipping and posting Committee Members’ hearing and floor remarks in real-time.
Photographing hearings, events, and meetings, to include occasional videography.
Creating graphics for social media and visual aids.
Compiling, monitoring, and distributing daily press clips.
Perform other duties as assigned.

The ideal candidate will possess strong written, verbal, and digital communication skills,
an interest in veterans’ issues, the ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative, forwardthinking environment, professionalism, and a good sense of humor. This is not an entry
level position; prior Capitol Hill communications experience or private-sector equivalent is
required.
Benefits:
• Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the
interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, references, and three writing
samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Digital Director” in the subject line. No
calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-473-24
Title: Staff Assistant, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
Reports to: Chief Clerk, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs

Staff assistants often serve as the first point of contact for constituents, guests, and VIPs,
setting the tone for the office. The Staff Assistant provides general administrative support
to staff, staffs front office and phones, preparation for hearings/committee business,
processes mail, and assists with other duties as assigned. Previous Hill experience is
recommended but not required.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Foster a welcoming atmosphere and create a positive first impression for the
office's constituents, visitors, and VIPs.
Provide front office administrative coverage to include answering phones, and
processing mail.
Maintain files for mail, bills, reports, and public laws, and other legislative papers.
Prepare binders for full committee events (hearings, markups, floor, etc.).
Prepares hearing room for hearings, markups, and other committee business.
Review the Congressional Record daily for information that impacts the Committee.
Maintain contact lists for committee staff and committee member personal office
staff.
Oversee the internship program, which includes supervising and training interns.
Manages hearing room reservations
Maintain Republican email distribution and contact lists.
Monitor office supplies to ensure that staff have needed supplies.
Serve as the secondary Office Safety Coordinator.
Perform other duties as assigned.

Benefits:
• Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the
interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.

How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and references to
VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walkins, please.

MEM-470-24
House Judiciary Committee – Staff Assistant
The Democratic staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a Staff Assistant.
Candidates should have excellent organizational skills and strong research, writing, and
communication skills.
Responsibilities include overseeing logistics for hearings and markups; providing
administrative and research support to committee and subcommittee counsels; and
coordinating calendars for the committee, the subcommittees, and the senior staff.
Additional responsibilities may include serving as an assistant clerk during markups and
managing the committee’s internship program. The ideal candidate will be willing to learn
from our counsels and grow into more substantive role over time.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the country’s
population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The
Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital
or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national
origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and include “Staff
Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-469-24
Counsel for the House Judiciary Committee – National Security
The Democratic Staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a dedicated, hard-working
lawyer with a minimum of five years of relevant legal experience to serve as a committee
counsel, working with counsels across multiple subcommittees and reporting to the Chief
Oversight Counsel.
Responsibilities include serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the Committee
on matters of law and policy within the Committee’s jurisdiction, with a focus on national
security, surveillance, and civil liberties; drafting legislation; preparing hearings; drafting
statements, memos, and briefing materials; attending classified briefings; and providing
guidance to Democratic House offices on matters of national security and constitutional
law.

A successful candidate must demonstrate exceptional writing and legal research skills, a
strong work ethic, a professional temperament, and an ability to work on novel and
complex matters. This candidate must also be able to work collaboratively with a broad
range of personalities. In addition, sound political judgment, prior legislative or policy
experience, a substantive background in national security law, an active security
clearance, and a demonstrated commitment to public service are strongly preferred. A
sense of humor is a plus.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the country’s
population. The Committee also encourages women and members of historically
disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Job.JDEM@mail.house.gov. Please include “National Security Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-468-24
Counsel for the House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution – Reproductive Rights
The Democratic Staff of the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on the
Constitution seeks a dedicated, hard-working lawyer with a minimum of five years of
relevant legal experience to serve as subcommittee counsel, reporting to the chief counsel
for the subcommittee.
Responsibilities include serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the Committee
on matters of law and policy within the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction, with a focus on
reproductive rights and the privacy of patients and health care providers; drafting
legislation; preparing hearings; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and
providing guidance to Democratic House offices on matters of constitutional and civil
rights law.
A successful candidate must demonstrate exceptional writing and legal research skills, a
strong work ethic, a professional temperament, and an ability to work on novel and
complex matters. This candidate must be able to work collaboratively with a broad range of
personalities. In addition, sound political judgment, prior legislative or policy experience, a
substantive background in civil rights or constitutional law, and a demonstrated
commitment to public service are strongly preferred. A sense of humor is a plus.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the country’s
population. The Committee also encourages women and members of historically
disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis

of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to Job.JDEM@mail.house.gov. Please include “Constitution Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-467-24
Press Secretary/Communications Director
Congressman Tom Suozzi seeks a Press Secretary or Communications Director to serve in
his Washington, D.C. office. Successful candidates will have very strong writing skills, a
close eye to detail, fluency with social media platforms and digital tools, and experience
working with national and local press. Responsibilities include writing press releases,
statements and media advisories; creating and managing social media content, including
graphics and videos; drafting talking points and op-eds; and creating franked
communications, including e-newsletters, mailers and telephone townhalls.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin. Qualified individuals should submit a resume, cover letter and relevant portfolio to
NY03.jobs@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-462-24
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), member of the
House Judiciary Committee, is seeking a law clerk to work with her legislative team. Under
the supervision of the office’s Legislative Counsel, the law clerk will conduct legal and
policy research, attend and staff Judiciary Committee hearings, make vote
recommendations, and draft legal and policy memos and other documents. Highachieving law students interested in public law, policy, politics, or government service are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Law clerks will engage in serious, substantive work across a number of issue areas,
including antitrust enforcement, administrative law reform, civil rights and civil liberties,
court reform and oversight, criminal justice, voting rights, and intellectual property. The
clerkship is unpaid but available for academic credit.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.

To apply, please email a (1) resume, (2) cover letter, (3) writing sample, and (4) list of three
references with email contacts to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov. Please send all
application documents in a single PDF file and include “Law Clerk – FirstName Last Name”
in the subject line.

MEM-458-24
Position: District Representative
Location: North Las Vegas, Nevada
Salary: Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience
Time commitment: Full-time, requires some evenings and weekends
Application Deadline: Until position is filled
Congressman Steven Horsford’s District Office is seeking to hire a full-time District
Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to join our
high-energy team.
Job Summary:
Under the supervision of the District Director, the District Representative acts as the
representative for the Member. District Representative responsibilities include
strengthening relationships with key stakeholders, as well as attending engagements on
behalf of the Member. Caseworker responsibilities include helping constituents resolve
problems with federal agencies through written and verbal communication.
Responsibilities:
Outreach Responsibilities:
• Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals.
• Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in legislative
priorities.
• Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders.
• Organize and participate in community events, town halls, and outreach campaigns to
engage constituents.
Casework Responsibilities:
• Act as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility,
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local
agencies.
• Handle casework assignments and assess casework for problems requiring legislative
action, making recommendations to the District Director and Chief of Staff.
• Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents.
Communications and Professionalism:
• Maintain a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents.
• Accept performance-based criticism and directions.

• Work well under pressure and handle stress.
• Work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
• Perform other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
• Political knowledge and comfortable navigating complicated situations
• Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer service
manners; public speaking skills
• Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
• Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional nights,
weekends and some holidays.
Benefits:
• Comprehensive health insurance coverage, including medical, dental, and vision plans.
• Paid annual and sick leave.
• Thrift Savings Plan Retirement program.
• Student Loan Repayment.
• Health and Wellness programs.
• Transit Benefits.
• House Professional Development programs.
• Employee purchasing/government discounts
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest in public
service and familiarity with District 4 community is preferred.
Application Instructions:
This is a full-time position based in the North Las Vegas district office. Salary is competitive
and commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and
veteran are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples (no longer
than two pages) and three professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with
"District Representative,” [Last Name, First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions
must be in a single PDF file.

MEM-452-24
Congressman Brendan Boyle (PA-2) is seeking a full-time staff member to serve as a
Special Assistant in his Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include (but are not limited to):
• Staffing/driving the member when in Washington, DC.

•

•
•
•
•
•
•

Ensuring that the member has all necessary documents and materials prior to
events, including coordinating with the Operations Director and Scheduler regarding
member scheduling and logistics.
Working with other Washington, DC based staff to prepare documents and other
materials for the member prior to events and meetings.
Managing the office’s phone and voicemail system.
Helping to manage the office’s interns.
Coordinating tours and flag requests.
Assisting the scheduler and legislative staff with record keeping and other
administrative tasks.
Other duties as needed.

Required skills include the following:
• Strong organizational and communication abilities.
• Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Word, Outlook, Excel, Teams).
• The ability to multi-task and prioritize effectively.
• Being a self-starter, detail oriented and punctual at all times.
• Having a strong general knowledge of the physical layout of Washington, DC.
Skills that are not required but are will be looked favorably upon include the following:
• Proficiency in Spanish or any other foreign language.
• Previous experience working on a political campaign or in the office of an elected
official. Candidates with prior Washington, DC based congressional (i.e. Capitol
Hill) experience will be given priority.
• Having a connection to Philadelphia or Southeastern Pennsylvania.
• Having good general knowledge of the physical layout of Capitol Hill, including
House and Senate office buildings, as well as the U.S. Capitol Building.
• Proficiency with Intranet Quorum or other CRM software.
Prospective applicants should have a valid driver’s license, as well as full-time access to a
working automobile. Prospective applicants should be able to work in dynamic and rapidly
paced work environment, have a defined interest in public service, and should be prepared
for the need to work evenings and some weekends as needed (schedule flexibility is a
must, particularly during weeks Congress is in session).
Compensation will be commensurate with experience. This position includes paid leave,
retirement benefits, full medical, dental, vision insurance, student loan repayment support
for qualified individuals, among other benefits.
Prospective applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
PA02.Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please no calls or drop ins. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national
origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.

MEM-451-24
Background:
The office of a conservative mid-western Member of Congress seeks to hire a Deputy Chief
of Staff based in the D.C. office.
Job Expectations:
The Deputy Chief of Staff will work closely with the Member, the Chief of Staff, and District
Director to determine and execute the overall strategies of the office. This includes, but is
not limited to, formulating policy positions, overseeing the office’s legislative and media
relations strategies, and collaborating with District staff on important outreach and
communication efforts. In addition, the Deputy Chief of Staff will provide leadership and
guidance to structure the office to provide outstanding constituent relations.
Salary Level/Range:
Dependent upon skills and experience.
Preferences:
• Bachelor's degree
• Demonstrated interest in public service
• Previous Hill experience, particularly on policy and legislation
Applicant Instructions:
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume and cover letter
to ConservativeMidwestGOP@gmail.com.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-410-24
CONGRESSIONAL STAFF: Full Time Constituent Services Representative
SUMMARY: The Constituent Services Representative position acts as a liaison to federal,
district, and local agencies for the Member/constituents and answers casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents. Candidates must be a selfstarter, excited to problem solve, hardworking, dependable, and organized as well as
possess strong oral and written communication skills. This position requires the ability to
work well under pressure, good judgment, strong customer service skills, and a
commitment to public service. Availability to work some evenings and weekends is
required. Ability to communicate in multiple languages is also highly desirable. A vehicle to

travel to evening and weekend events is also recommended.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter and resume
to ny08team@gmail.com with the Subject Line: Constituent Services Representative
Position.
Women, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
• Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies;
• Handles casework assignments and special projects at the direction of the Director of
Constituent Services;
• Continually screens active cases/ constituent service requests and acts as a liaison
with constituents to ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
• Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of importance to
the office;
• Attends and monitors scheduled district meetings on behalf of the Member with
constituents and groups during regular office hours, some evenings and weekends;
• Logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors & telephone calls;
• Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework and constituent concerns in Congressional Management System Database;
• Performs cross functional tasks with other departments, as needed.
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the office; Maintains a good
working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong customer service, oral and written communication skills;
• Familiarity with local, state and federal agencies; Strong knowledge of issues and
events in the district in which the Member is involved;
• Professional telephone manner and excellent customer and client service skills;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of casework
responsibilities;
• Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge and proficiency in Microsoft office suite and other office computer
applications.

MEM-382-24
The Military and Veterans Affairs Liaison is responsible for maintaining relationships with
veterans, military members, military installations and organizations, veterans organizations
and offices, and other like entities within the district. Additionally, the liaison will be
responsible for all military and veterans related casework and lead the office’s service
academy nomination process.
•

•

•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•

•
•

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility including
answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal communications
with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned issue
areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents, organizations,
etc;
Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups to form
effective relationships for the Member;
Acts as a liaison to and notifies the appropriate media when the Member will be in the
liaison’s area and works with the Member’s Scheduler and Press Secretary to ensure
appropriate media participation;
Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes recommendations
to the District Director and Director of Constituent Services;
Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
Assists with the handling of office matters such as logging incoming and outgoing
correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district activities in
his or her assigned issue areas;
Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure that their
cases are handled in a responsive manner;
Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience preferred;
Previous office experience is preferred;
Previous experience working for a Member of Congress, elected official, or government
agency preferred;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
Accepts performance based criticism and directions;

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•

Strong oral and written communication skills;
Works well under pressure and handles stress;
Works a flexible schedule including some nights and weekends;
Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and procedures;
Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
Professional telephone manner;
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of casework
responsibilities;
Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
Knowledge of office computer applications; and
Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
Work is mainly performed in an office environment;
Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
This job is primarily performed in-person
This position will be in the District Offices of Congressman Max Miller (Medina and Parma,
Ohio)
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume to
Raymond.Paoletta@mail.house.gov.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-135-24
PRESS SECRETARY- The Office of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03) seeks an
experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates must be able to
manage media relations, press opportunities, and messaging for a senior member of
Congress. This role reports to the Communications Director.

This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active relationships with
top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience will receive preferred
consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations, messaging,
and risk management.
•Advance press events and staff the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current relationships
with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the office’s larger communications
strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and
gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic
information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status,
military service, or other non-merit factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as
candidates from underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.

MEM-451-23
The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the House
Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an experienced policy
professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities including civil
rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and Communications Director the
Legislative Director will aim to ensure the Member’s strategic legislative vision is
implemented. This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate will have significant
previous experience working in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.

CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office staff on
policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district, legislation
sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an original, lead cosponsor,
and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights, women’s rights,
gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2 references to
ellis.mcginnis@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This
position will remain open until filled. Incomplete applications may not be considered. This

office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants without regard to
race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, disability or national origin.

