Internship Openings
Week of March 17, 2025
MEM-099-25
Summer 2025 Internship
Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C. and Jersey
City offices for Summer 2025.
Ideal candidates are organized and passionate undergraduate students, graduate
students, or recent graduates with an interest in public service. Applicants should be selfstarters with excellent communication, writing and organizational skills.
Key responsibilities of D.C. and district interns include but are not limited to:
• Assisting with front office operations
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and processing other incoming
requests
• Drafting memos and conducting legislative research or community outreach
Applications are processed on a rolling basis, and candidates are encouraged to apply as
soon as possible. The internship will take place in-person from May to August. Preference
will be given to those with New Jersey ties and availability of at least 20 hours per week. A
stipend will be provided.
To apply, please fill out the application and submit a resume and cover letter through this
link: Internships | Representative Menendez (house.gov). Please indicate your availability
in your cover letter and format the files [LastName_CoverLetter] and [LastName_Resume].
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity,
marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation. Applicants with disabilities who
require reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes
are encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.

MEM-098-25
Press/Digital Internship

Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) seeks a press intern to start immediately in his
Washington, D.C. office. The ideal candidate will be reliable, creative, organized, and
motivated. Applicants should be self-starters with excellent communication and writing
skills.
Key responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Media monitoring and tracking press coverage related to the Congressman and his
work
• Video editing and graphic creation
• Drafting newsletters
Applications are processed on a rolling basis, and candidates are encouraged to apply as
soon as possible. A stipend will be provided. To apply, please submit a resume, cover
letter and a writing and graphic design sample in one PDF to nj08hiring@gmail.com with
the subject line “FULL NAME – Press/Digital Intern”
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity,
marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation. Applicants with disabilities who
require reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes
are encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.

MEM-097-25
Title: DC Internship
Salary Level/Range: Paid/Unpaid
Closing Date: March 21, 2025
Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Summer 2025
internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship program
intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates, and students
currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman DeLauro's office
combine administrative and legislative work. Interns are involved in all aspects of the office
including constituent services, correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to
providing general staff support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude. Interning in Congresswoman
DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form (also located on
delauro.house.gov/services/internships), cover letter, resume, brief writing sample (1-2

pages), and two reference contacts in a single PDF file to Lydia.McCarty@mail.house.gov
with the subject line “Summer 2025 Internship” by 5pm on March 21st.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such person’s
race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military, disability, or sexual
orientation.

MEM-096-25
The Office of Congressman Pat Harrigan (NC-10) is currently seeking interns with our DC
office for the Spring 2025 session. The internship would begin as soon as possible and last
until May 26th
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge over the day-to-day
happenings within Congress. Additionally, interns co-currently enrolled in an accredited
university will receive a monthly stipend
Qualified candidates should:
• Be a current undergraduate or graduate student or have recently graduated.
• Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
• Have strong communications and writing skills.
• Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
Interested candidates should address their application materials to
Sam.Madsen@mail.house.gov. Applications should include a resume and what the
individual’s internship schedule may look like.

MEM-093-25
Legal Fellow – Congressman Darrell Issa
Spring and Summer Legal Fellowships available with the Office of Congressman Darrell
Issa (CA-48) in Washington, D.C.
Duties include assisting the Congressman’s Judiciary team with legislative research,
memo drafting, and preparing materials for upcoming hearings for the Subcommittee on
the Courts, Intellectual Property, Artificial Intelligence, and the Internet, as well as his work
on the Antitrust Subcommittee and full Judiciary Committee.
We are looking for a current law student that possesses critical thinking skills, political
acumen, discretion, timeliness, strong analytical skills, and is able to work in a fast-paced
environment. The position will work with schooling needs.

A modest stipend is available.
Class credit for the schools may also be available. We are flexible on start and end dates.
Interested applicants should email their resume to levi.lall@mail.house.gov indicating the
job title in the subject line.

MEM-091-25
Summer 2025 DC Internship
The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, Summer 2025 Interns for the
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the
front office, assisting legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams
with drafting, and other tasks as assigned. Successful candidates work well under
deadlines, are organized, hard-working, detail-oriented, have excellent customer service
skills, and are team players. Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Interns will be eligible for a
monthly stipend. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and 2 writing
samples to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Summer 2025 DC Intern - [Last Name], [First
Name]” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-090-25
Representative Diana Harshbarger (R-TN-01) seeks a highly motivated and detailoriented Press/Digital Intern to join their Washington, D.C. office. This position offers an
excellent opportunity for hands-on experience in political communications, media
relations, and public messaging on Capitol Hill. This intern will work directly with, and
report to the Communications Director.
This paid internship is open to undergraduate and graduate students from early May
through late August. General hours are 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM when Congress is in session
and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when it is not.
Interested applicants must submit a PDF file containing a cover letter and resume to be
considered. As a bonus, applicants may submit additional materials with examples of
digital work or writing samples. This must all be emailed
to sam.somogye@mail.house.gov and holly.lay@mail.house.gov with the subject line,
“Press/Digital Internship Application — [Your Name]
Responsibilities:
• Assist in drafting press releases, media advisories, talking points, and social media
content.
• Monitor news coverage and compile daily press clips.

Help manage the Member’s social media accounts, including drafting and
scheduling posts.
• Track media requests and assist in preparing responses.
• Conduct research to support press and communications initiatives.
• Assist with the production of digital content, including graphics and videos.
• Attend and take notes at press events, briefings, and hearings as needed.
• Perform administrative tasks to support the communications team.
Qualifications:
• Strong writing, editing, and research skills.
• A keen interest in conservative politics, media, and policy issues.
• Experience with social media platforms (Twitter/X, Facebook, Instagram) and digital
content creation.
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and handle multiple tasks.
• A positive attitude, strong work ethic, and attention to detail.
Preferences:
• Completed undergraduate degree.
• Prior internship or experience in communications, journalism, or politics.
• Proficiency in graphic design or video editing.
•

MEM-089-25
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated Legislative Interns in our D.C.
office for the Summer 2025 semester.
Interns in our D.C. office will have the opportunity to witness the legislative process and
the inner workings of Capitol Hill first-hand. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
answering constituent phone calls, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the United States Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the
needs of the Congresswoman's staff. The internship will run from June through August,
from 9 am-6 pm when Congress is in session and from 9 am-5 pm when Congress is not in
session.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills, prioritizes
professionalism, is a dedicated team player, and has a friendly persona. Ties to Nevada's
First District are a plus, but not required. The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
How to Apply:
Interested applicants should fill out the form below and include a cover letter, resume, and
short (1-2 page) writing sample. Applications will be accepted until Friday, April 4th, 2025,
on a rolling basis.

https://airtable.com/app96r3qMaOs2fQgs/shrGFvZ6jej2Q7eDg

MEM-068-25
The Office of Representative Donald Norcross (NJ-01) is seeking motivated candidates for
the Summer 2025 Internship program.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with legislative,
administrative, constituent relations, scheduling, and communications activities. Interns
will answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; attend hearings and
briefings; assist with legislative research; compile daily clips; and participate in
professional development activities.
Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and
professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
Interns receive a stipend.
Please send a resume, cover letter, two or three professional references, and a brief
writing sample as one combined PDF to internships.norcross@mail.house.gov. No phone
calls or drop-ins, please. Incomplete applications will not be reviewed.

MEM-066-25
LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP: The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is
accepting applications for Summer 2025 legislative interns in our West Chester, Reading,
and Washington, D.C. offices. This internship will run from late May through early August.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer stipends to students who are
in need. Our internship program has returned to in-person work with flexible telework
options should interns need to work from home.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a passion for
community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing to spend a lot of time
on the phone and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting memos for
our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or meetings. We offer
interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
Please submit applications through the “Legislative Internship” form our
website, Houlahan.house.gov.

Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender,
LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-065-25
PRESS INTERNSHIP: The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is
accepting applications for Summer 2025 Press Interns in our Washington, D.C., Reading,
and West Chester offices. This internship will run from late May through early August.
We offer needs-based stipends to students who are in need. Our internship program has
returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have experience in a facedpaced, deadline-oriented work environment. Applicants must be independent problemsolvers, have strong writing skills, and be comfortable communicating to both internal and
external audiences. Technical experience with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign,
Illustrator), photo editing programs (Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software
(Premiere, Headliner) a major plus.
Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips, helping draft
copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital content. Press interns will have
the opportunity to staff the congresswoman to capture videos and photos of events. We
offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and why you’re
interested in interning in our office, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one example of digital work
(video, graphic or photo) to PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender,
LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-058-25
Legislative Intern

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks qualified
undergrad students and recent graduates for Legislative Interns for the Summer 2025
session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give students a
thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process.
Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with administrative tasks
such as answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials for
staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at
hearings and markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s
broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fast-paced
environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in particular, the
role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative process. Superior writing
and communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Fulltime availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or age.
Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply. Interns will
receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to receive
credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
(two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your cover letter, please
indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and whether you are available
to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Summer 2025 Legislative Intern Application” in
the subject line. The deadline for applications is March 21, 2025. Please no phone calls or
drop-ins.

MEM-055-25
Congressman French Hill Internship Program
Congressman French Hill (AR02) seeks interns to serve in his offices in
Washington, D.C., and Arkansas.
Interns will work in a fast-paced office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge
of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include (but are
not limited to) interacting with Arkansans and other visitors, conducting legislative
research and writing, drafting communications materials, and assisting Arkansans with
matters before the federal government.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Applicants should have working knowledge of

current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks.
Social media and other communications experience are a plus. Successful interns will
be self-starters, listen to and take direction, and be willing to work both independently
and as part of a team.
Standard internships take place as follows:
- Spring: January through May
- Summer: May through August
- Fall: September through November
Internships outside of this schedule may be offered on a case-by-case basis.
Paid and unpaid internships are available.
Interested individuals should send a resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov. For more information, please call (501) 324-5941 or
(202) 225-2506 and ask for the Intern Coordinator.

MEM-050-25
The Washington, D.C. osice of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks Interns for the
upcoming Summer 2025 term.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and brieﬁngs, drafting and
editing constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the
legislative stas, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing support for
the day-to-day activities of the osice. Interns are paid via a monthly stipend.
The Osice of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin,
age, or socioeconomic status.
All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples to
WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should indicate their
availability on both an hourly and monthly basis.
The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM ET on Friday, April 11th, 2025.

