Member and Committee Openings
Week of July 28, 2025
MEM-257-25
JOB POSTING: Staff Assistant/Driver
The office of Congressman Marc Veasey (TX-33) is seeking a Staff Assistant/Driver for his
Washington, DC Office.
The ideal candidate has strong driving skills, excellent professional judgement and
discretion, exceptional customer or constituent service skills, close attention to detail and
time management, excellent writing and communication skills, an aptitude for database
work, the ability to prioritize and follow through on multiple competing priorities in a fastpaced environment, and a strong commitment to public service. A valid U.S. driver’s
license, clean driving record, and access to a vehicle are required for the position. The
applicant should be aware that this position will sometimes require work outside of normal
hours of operation.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Driving the Member;
• Work closely with the Member’s scheduling team to ensure appointments are on
time;
• Managing the front oPice — including greeting and welcoming visitors;
• Answering DC phones and logging constituent comments/feedback;
• Coordinating tour and ﬂag requests;
• Completing oPice operation and administrative duties;
• Assisting with management of DC internship program;
• Managing oPice mail program, including overseeing IQ correspondence system and
ensuring constituents receive timely replies to mail;
• Assisting the DC staP with other work as assigned.
• Requirements include but are not limited to:
• Active driver’s license, a clean driving record, and personal vehicle
• EPective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
• Strong organizational skills, attention to detail, time management, and ability to
manage multiple priorities
• Professional demeanor and positive attitude

Texas ties are a plus but not necessary. All applicants should send an email, cover letter,
and writing sample to TX33Jobs@mail.house.gov. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status.

Digital Manager
Digital Manager
Closing Date: 8/5/2025
The Office of the Democratic Leader is seeking a dynamic and highly skilled Digital
Manager to join our communications team. The Digital Manager will be primarily
responsible for transforming the Leader’s on-camera content into compelling, high-impact
video, audio and visual content for online platforms. The ideal candidate has experience in
video editing and social media management, understands the digital media landscape and
thrives in a fast-paced environment.
Key Responsibilities:
• Lead real-time video clipping and captioning operation for the Office of the
Democratic Leader, bringing a keen eye to cutting press conferences, media
interviews, floor speeches, direct-to-camera content and more for distribution to
stakeholders and online audiences.
• Manage from start to finish the process for getting the Leader’s video content
distributed on platforms including Instagram, X (Twitter), YouTube, Facebook,
TikTok and others, tailoring each piece for optimal engagement.
• Lead collaborative content brainstorming and planning process on a daily, weekly
and monthly basis, in addition to spotting real-time opportunities for rapid response
and identifying relevant trends.
• Amplify content by identifying and engaging with aligned content
creators, influencers and key voices.
Monitor the work of House Democrats—including committee hearings, floor
activity, press conferences, media interviews and events—to identify and elevate
powerful moments.
• Collaborate closely with policy, press and digital colleagues to ensure content is
aligned with the Leader’s voice, goals and message strategy.
• Track and report engagement metrics across platforms, using data to inform
ongoing content planning.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Minimum 3 years of relevant experience in video, audio and visual content creation
for political, media or advocacy organizations.
• Expertise in editing software such as Adobe Premiere Pro, After Effects,
Veed, Photoshop and Illustrator (or equivalent tools).

•
•
•
•

Deep understanding of social media platforms, audience behaviors and platformspecific best practices.
Strong political acumen and familiarity with Democratic priorities and the legislative
process.
Proven ability to move quickly, manage multiple projects under tight deadlines and
respond in real-time to breaking news and political developments.
Excellent judgment, storytelling instincts and a collaborative approach.

Preferred Qualifications:
• Experience working in a congressional, campaign or political office.
• Familiarity with analytics tools to evaluate content performance.
• Comfortable working both independently and as part of a close-knit, highperforming team.
Salary:
Competitive and commensurate with experience.
How to Apply:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/19/home/requisition/3895?c=house

MEM-254-25
Staff Assistant – The district office of Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks a hardworking, organized individual to serve as a Staff Assistant & District Field
Representative. This position primarily entails constituent casework and community
outreach. Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials,
representing the Congressman at community and governmental events, special projects,
as well as general office work.
Candidates should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and must
enjoy working with the public. Prior experience in government, the non-profit sector,
community and grassroots organizing is preferred. This position is based in New Jersey.
Applicants must have a valid driver license. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter,
writing sample, and references by email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-253-25
TITLE: Digital Director
LOCATION: Washington, D.C.
REPORTS TO: Communications Director
SUMMARY:
Congressman Robert Garcia seeks a highly motivated, creative, and self-starting Digital
Director to oversee all digital communications platforms and support broader

communications efforts within his congressional office. This is not an entry-level
position. Salary base starts at $70k. While prior experience on the Hill, in a campaign, or
with an advocacy organization is welcome, we are also open to strong candidates with
relevant digital and communications experience from outside the traditional political
sphere. The ideal candidate has 1–3+ years of relevant digital strategy, content creation,
and communications experience. The salary range for this role will depend on the
candidate’s experience.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Manage and maintain all official digital platforms, including but not limited to
Twitter/X, Instagram, Facebook, Bluesky, YouTube, and the official website, working
to consistently grow followings and amplify the Congressman’s work. This includes
drafting all social copy.
• Create original, creative, engaging, and accessible digital content including
graphics, vertical videos, infographics, and short-form storytelling.
• Manage the Congressman’s paid digital program, including Meta digital ads, mass
texts and robocalls, and telephone town halls.
• Lead development and execution of a proactive digital strategy that reflects the
Congressman’s priorities and voice.
• Edit and caption video clips for impactful social content.
• Manage the Congressman’s weekly newsletter, sent to over 300,000 subscribers.
• Monitor analytics to evaluate performance and adjust strategy accordingly.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• 1–3+ years of relevant experience in digital communications, social media, or
multimedia storytelling.
• Proficiency in graphic design tools (e.g., Canva or Adobe Creative Suite).
• Experience with video editing software and captioning tools.
• Experience creating vertical video content
• Creative and highly organized with excellent attention to detail and an ability to
manage multiple priorities under tight deadlines.
• Knowledge of social media analytics, digital trends, and platform best practices.
ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:
• Ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment and think creatively
about how to translate policy work into accessible, engaging digital content.
• Availability to work extended hours during peak periods or rapid-response
moments.
APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS:
This is a full-time, benefits-eligible position based in Washington, D.C. Interested
applicants should send a single PDF including a resume, a writing sample, two verticalvideo samples, and a graphic to sara.guerrero@mail.house.gov and emily.kassner-

marks@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Digital Director Application – FirstName
LastName. Applicants will be considered on a rolling basis until August 8, 2025
The Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and as such is committed to building and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment.

MEM-251-25
San Diego-Based District Press Assistant
The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) is looking for a part-time District Press
Assistant for her San Diego office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Supporting and staPing district press conferences, events, and interviews;
• Liaising with members of the press and media;
• Researching issue coverage, reporters, and press outlets;
• Drafting press releases and media advisories;
• Drafting Member talking points for district events;
• Taking photos and videos during district events;
• Seeking and recording constituent testimonials;
• Developing innovative ways to build two-way feedback loops between our oPice and
constituents;
• Developing new and non-traditional forms of outreach and messaging;
• And assisting with casework, letter-writing, and other district oPice needs during
non-district work periods.
The individual will report to the D.C.-based Communications Director and also work
closely with the Social Media Assistant, the District Director, and the full district-based
team.
Ideal candidates will have good judgment, a good sense of humor, strong writing skills,
experience with photography and videography, and the ability to work in a fast-paced,
collaborative environment.
Communications experience in politics, government, nonprofits, activism, press media, or
similar fields – as an employee, intern, or volunteer – is a plus. Bilingual or multilingual
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
This job will be 30 hours a week, paid at a rate of $22 per hour, with the possibility of
growing into a full-time role in the future.
TO APPLY, please send a résumé and cover letter to
SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “District Press Assistant – NAME” in the
subject line.

Our office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals,
new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Applications will be accepted
through Friday, August 8, 2025, though priority will be given to earlier applicants. No phone
calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-250-25
Representative Seth Moulton (MA-06) seeks a Legislative Correspondent &
Communications Assistant for his Washington, DC team.
This individual will play a key role in the development of all written products, including but
not limited to: constituent mail; a robust email program; newsletters; press advisories and
releases; and speeches and talking points.
The ideal candidate is an excellent, clear, and concise writer who can adapt to the voice of
the Congressman. This candidate has organizational and problem-solving skills,
impeccable attention to detail, a great sense of humor, a commitment to public service,
and a desire to be part of a highly collaborative, high-achieving team. Capitol Hill
experience and Massachusetts ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter, showcasing exceptional
writing abilities, to ma06.resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject “LCCA: LAST NAME”
by 5pm on Wednesday, August 6th.
Responsibilities:
• Managing and responding to all campaign mail, web messages, and phone calls
from constituents
• Drafting new form letters, rapid response emails, managing form letter approval
process, and maintaining form letter database
• Running and maintaining a robust targeted newsletter program
• Leading office AI advancements and assisting with making our office as
technologically efficient as possible
• Supporting the Communications Director by helping draft and edit all written
products
• Biweekly mail report
• Other duties as assigned

MEM-249-25
Constituent Service Representative/Caseworker Vacancy
Office of U.S. Congressman Ed Case
Location: Honolulu, HI

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a Constituent Services Representative
/ Caseworker for his district o ice located in downtown Honolulu.
This position also acts as a liaison to federal, district and local government agencies on
behalf of the Congressman on requests by constituents for assistance with individual
issues. The position requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask,
work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions, and solve problems,
orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and unpredictable
hours as necessary.
Preference given to Hawai‘i background/community involvement and prior related work
experience, and applicants are asked to detail these attributes.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short writing
samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Constituent Service Representative in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-248-25
Congressional District Director
Office of U.S. Congressman Ed Case
Location: Honolulu, HI
U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a District Director for his Honolulu
district office.
This is a senior leadership position in the office. Duties include overseeing the
Representative’s constituent casework activities with federal, state and local agencies;
aligning the office’s strategies and plans with the Representative’s broader goals;
collaborating with Washington-based staff to ensure smooth communication and
coordination between the Honolulu and D.C. offices; facilitating he Representative’s
engagement in the district; and managing and leading the Honolulu office staff, which
includes planning, assigning and directing work to ensure high performance and efficiency
The position requires familiarity with Hawaii’s 1st Congressional District, initiative, strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and effectively under
pressure, a proven ability to manage staff, make decisions and solve problems, orientation
to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and the ability to manage long
and unpredictable hours.
Very strong preference given to (1) prior experience especially in comparable duties and (2)
Hawai‘i background/community involvement, and applicants are asked to detail these
attributes.

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two references and two short writing samples
to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Honolulu District Director Vacancy” in the subject line.
Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-247-25
Staff Assistant Vacancy
Office of U.S. Congressman Ed Case
Location: Honolulu, HI
U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a Staff Assistant for his district office
located in downtown Honolulu.
The position is responsible for a wide variety of administrative duties and acts as a liaison
to federal, district and local government agencies and community organizations on behalf
of the Congressman on requests by constituents seeking assistance with individual/group
issues. The position requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask,
work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions, and solve problems,
orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and unpredictable
hours as necessary. Duties include but are not limited to greeting visitors and answering
constituent calls and requests for general information, tours and other inquiries.
Preference given to Hawai‘i background/community involvement and prior related work
experience, and applicants are asked to detail these attributes.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short writing
samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no
phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-246-25
The office of Congressman Pat Ryan seeks a scheduler:
The role will work closely with the Chief of Staff to maintain the short- and long-term
schedules for the Member in DC and the Hudson Valley. Primary scheduling
responsibilities include exercising sharp judgment in granting scheduling requests,
responding to all meeting requests promptly and politely, and keeping events and
meetings within designated timeframes.
Duties include:
-Resourcing the Member with proper briefing materials, ensuring that the Member is
properly staffed for meetings and events,
-Serving as a liaison for the Member with the staff, public, Committees, and other

Members of Congress
-Assisting with event planning, coordinating and booking travel,
-Leading scheduling meetings and updating staff on the Member’s schedule,
-Additional duties as assigned by the Member or Chief of Staff
Overall goals include ensuring that the Member’s messaging and mission are reflected in
his schedule and itinerary. This position requires flexible hours, adaptability, ability to
skillfully and effectively communicate, and superior organizational skills.
The pay range for the position is $60,000 - $75,000 a year. This is not an entry-level
position. Ideal candidates will have previous experience working in operational roles on
Capitol Hill or on political campaigns. Preference given to candidates with Hudson Valley
or New York ties. This position is part of the senior staff team and reports to the Chief of
Staff.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send your resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF to
ny18resumes@mail.house.gov with the job title in the subject line and your full name (e.g.:
“Scheduling Role - First Last). Applicants will be evaluated on a rolling basis.

MEM-245-25
Speechwriter
The House Appropriations Committee Minority seeks an experienced Speechwriter.
Competitive candidates will possess the ability to write clearly, persuasively, and
concisely. Candidates should have the flexibility to work under tight deadlines and write
about a wide range of topics. In this position, creativity and collaboration are as vital as
attention to detail and capturing Ranking Member Rosa DeLauro’s voice.
The ideal candidate has extensive communications experience, with a preference for
candidates with knowledge of the Appropriations process. Responsibilities include, but
are not limited to:
-Managing the production of all oral statements and op-eds for the Ranking Member and
assisting other Members of the Committee.
-Collaborating with the Communications Director, committee staff, and the Ranking
Member’s personal office to produce robust speeches with approved messaging, as well
as well-sourced facts and figures, and moving stories.
-Writing statements, speeches, op-eds, talking points, messaging guidance, fact sheets,

newsletters, and social media copy.
-Executing other press responsibilities including compiling the morning clips, sending out
press releases in a timely manner, managing the press list, updating the website, and other
duties as assigned.
Beyond these duties, there is room for candidates to explore other interests including the
creation of graphics, videos, and other digital material. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three professional references, and two
relevant writing samples to AppropsDemJobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject
line: [Full Name] – Speechwriter

MEM-244-25
Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full-time Staff Assistant in her
Washington, DC office to start in the beginning of September 2025. This role provides a
unique entry level opportunity to work closely with a prominent Member of Congress. The
staff assistant reports to the scheduler and chief of staff, and responsibilities include
driving the Member, helping execute her daily schedule, providing logistical support for
events and meetings, managing the front office and the internship program, coordinating
tours and constituent requests, processing incoming phone calls, mail, and other
inquiries, providing operational, administrative, and technology support for the office and
staff, and performing other duties as assigned.
Applicants should be detail-oriented, proactive, calm under pressure, able to exercise
discretion, eager to work in a fast-paced office, and willing to work flexible—and
sometimes long—hours when the Member is in DC. Strong communication, logistical,
interpersonal, and organizational skills are essential. Applicants must have a valid driver’s
license, a clean driving record, and should be comfortable driving in DC. Access to a
personal car is preferred, although not required.
TO APPLY: please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (maximum of 1-2 pages),
and two reference contacts (name, title, email, phone, and relationship) in a single pdf file
to Daniel.Robillard@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant: Your name
(First/Last)” No calls or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer and
encourages all qualified candidates to apply. Connecticut ties are a plus.

MEM-243-25
Press Secretary|Digital Director - Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44)
Location: Washington, DC

Salary Range: $60-70,000 based on experience
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a Press Secretary|Digital Director to
join our communications team. The Press Secretary|Digital Director will work under the
office’s Communications Director to carry out the Congresswoman’s communications
and outreach strategy. Ideal candidates are motivated self-starters, detail-oriented, highly
organized, possess problem solving skills, thrive in a very fast-paced environment - and be
willing to work extended hours and oftentimes under tight time constraints. Interested
applicants are encouraged to apply by 15 August 2025.
Key Responsibilities
-Work with the Communications Director to build and maintain the Congresswoman’s
brand.
-Develop and manage digital content across platforms (Facebook, Instagram, X, Bluesky,
and YouTube). Support the office’s social media strategy by drafting social media posts
and producing video and graphic materials.
-Update and manage the official website.
-Monitor national and local media coverage, as well as social media trends.
-Clip and caption TV appearances, floor speeches, long and short form videos, and more.
-Draft and edit press releases, advisories, franked communications, and other
communications materials as assigned
-Help plan and execute press events, interviews, and digital outreach.
-Maintain press contact lists and support external communications efforts.
Qualifications
-Strong writing, editing, and strategic messaging skills
-Skilled in Canva, Adobe Suite, or similar platforms
-Media relations success and ability to assist with communications in a fast-paced
environment
-Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus
-Fluency in Spanish is a plus
-Must be a collaborative, high-energy team player committed to advancing the office’s
mission and responsive to emerging priorities.
TO APPLY: Send (1) Cover Letter, (2) Resume, (3) 2 writing samples of 500 words or less, (4)
digital/photographic portfolio, and (5) and three references - including name, title,
organization, contact details, and your relationship. Please send all materials to
CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov with “CA44 Press Secretary” in the Subject Line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-242-24
VIDEOGRAPHER AND DIGITAL EDITOR
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Ranking Member Robert Garcia Seeks
Videographer and Digital Editor:
Ranking Member Robert Garcia of the House Committee on Oversight and Government
Reform has an immediate need to hire a creative, organized, detail-oriented, individual to
serve as videographer to assist the team with content creation on a fast-paced, highly
collaborative communications team and the ability to work efficiently under tight
deadlines and produce high-quality, quick-turnaround content. Interested applicants are
encouraged to submit a resume, a writing sample, and three video work products to
oversightjobs@mail.house.gov and OversightPress@mail.house.gov with “Videographer
and Digital Editor” in the subject line by August 1, 2025, at midnight. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis. No calls or walk-ins please.
Position Overview:
Creating rapid response and long-form video content to support the office’s messaging
and engagement strategy. This individual will need to accompany the Ranking Member to
events and hearings. They will identify opportunities for effective storytelling and dynamic
video content to maximize audience engagement. Individual responsibilities include the
ability to operate, maintain, and transport video equipment, creating proprietary, and
engaging video content that reflects the Committee’s vision and priorities that will amplify
the Democratic Oversight Committee and its members.
The individual selected will have strong videography, photography, and video editing skills
as well as the ability to translate complex issues and topics for audiences across social
media platforms.
This position is based in Washington, D.C. and reports to the Communications Director.
The position may require work outside standard office hours. This is not an entry level
position. Qualified candidates will have at least 1 year of videography
experience. Applicants should also have experience with Adobe programs (Photoshop,
Canva, Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro, Audition, and After Effects) and a working
knowledge of HTML. The ability to work well with others, manage competing priorities, and
turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines are a must.
The salary will be commensurate with experience. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual
orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin. Candidates with diverse

backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-238-25
SUMMARY:
The office of Congresswoman Debbie Dingell seeks a Field Representative/Digital
Assistant for Michigan’s 6th Congressional District. This position will support the
Congresswoman in building and maintaining relationships with local elected officials and
community members in Ypsilanti and Western Wayne, keeping up to date on local issues
and projects and frequently staffing the Member while she’s in district. The position will
cover: Augusta Township, Belleville, Pittsfield Township, Superior Township, Van Buren
Township, York Township, Ypsilanti City, and Ypsilanti Township. This position will also
support the Congresswoman’s communications by creating district-wide content for the
office’s social media platforms, website, e-newsletter, and other digital properties.
REPORTS TO: District Director and Communications Director
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Acts as the representative for the Member within an area of responsibility including
meeting and communicating with constituents;
Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups to form
effective relationships for the Member;
Monitors and updates the Member and District Director on district and local issues by
reading local news outlets and completing regular check-in calls and meetings with
community leaders, businesses, organizations, and stakeholders;
Keeps an up-to-date calendar of community events occurring in assigned areas;
Plans meetings and events for the Member in their respective areas;
Tracks and reports on major projects happening in their areas;
Prepares weekly reports for the District Director on district activities in their assigned issue
areas;
Regularly staffs Member at community events, both in-person and virtually;
Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
Maintains a strong working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
Works quickly and accurately in a fact-paced environment under tight deadlines;
Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends as needed; and
Captures high-quality photo and video content from district events;
Manages live streams at events including roundtables and town halls;
Edits photos, videos, and other content for social media;
Coordinates closely with DC communications team to elevate the Congresswoman’s
messaging;
Performs other duties as assigned
QUALIFICATIONS:

Knowledge and pre-determined relationships with local community preferred;
Strong oral and written communication skills;
Thorough knowledge of legislative process;
Prior digital experience including photography, videography, and livestreaming is strongly
preferred;
Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Skill in organizing and prioritizing work tasks and activities;
Ability to work well under pressure; and
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
TIME EXPECTATIONS & COMPENSATION
This position is full time and includes a competitive salary and benefits package including
health care and employer contributions to a retirement savings plan.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit their application materials including a resume, cover
letter, references, one writing sample, and digital samples or portfolio to
Dingell.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Field Representative/Digital Assistant” in the subject
line.

MEM-234-25
Congressman Seth Moulton is hiring a Communications Director based in his D.C. office.
Key Responsibilities:
The Communications Director is the on-the-record spokesperson and advisor on national
and local communications strategy. The person hired for this role will report to the Deputy
Chief of Staff of Policy and Messaging and will manage an aggressive, proactive
communications shop. The Communications Director cultivates and maintains personal
relationships with members of the local, state, national, and online media and content
generators; books and manages television, digital and print interviews; proactively
conceptualizes, drafts, pitches, and places timely media pieces; and oversees the
creation of all electronic communications, press releases, talking points, statements, and
speeches. The Communications Director must be comfortable giving regular, direct critical
feedback to the Member.
Key Qualifications:
The person who fills the role should be a creative thinker who thrives under the pressure of

tight deadlines and breaking news. Candidates should be comfortable with ever-shifting
deadlines; be detail-orientated; and willing to work varied and unpredictable hours that
often change with the news cycle and routinely include fielding press inquiries after hours,
on weekends, and during holidays. The successful candidate will have a dedication to
public service and an appreciation for the work of the office.
The successful candidate will have:
Significant professional experience in public relations, journalism, public affairs or
political communications
A history of providing media training and communications advice to a principal
The ability to effectively communicate in the voice of the principal
A professional track record of successfully creating and implementing communications
strategies that span several forms of media
Strong journalistic writing skills and experience with AP Style
Demonstrated ability to assess news value
Proven experience in new media (podcasts, social media influencer outreach, etc) or a
strong interest and willingness to adapt quickly
Experience planning events and campaigns that generate news
Experience managing a small team
Experience or an interest in mentoring and developing high-performing junior staff
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, writing samples, and two
references to: MA06.Resumes@mail.house.gov by 5pm on July 29, 2025.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are
strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-230-25
Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full time Outreach
Coordinator/Press Secretary (OC/PS), to be based in the New Haven office. plays a key
role in two critical areas: Community Outreach and District Media Relations. Reporting to
the District Director and Communications Director, the OC/PS keeps the Member and
senior staff informed on local issues, while serving as the lead on all district press
operations and outreach efforts. This includes engaging with constituents, maintaining
strong relationships with key community stakeholders, and organizing local media
events. The balance of work will shift depending on the Member’s schedule. The salary
range is $60-70,000.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume and two writing samples
to CT03jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-224-25

SUMMARY:
Congresswoman Madeleine Dean seeks a caseworker for her District Offices. This
position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for the member and
constituents and answers casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
mdeanhiring@gmail.com
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
· Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility including
answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal communications
with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
· Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned
issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents;
· Handles federal casework assignments related to, but not limited to, veterans’ issues,
service academy nominations, social security, USPS, as well as state and local casework
assignments;
· Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Legislative Director;
· Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other staff members or other state or
local offices;
· Logs all casework and miscellaneous correspondence in office casework system;
· Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district activities
in his or her assigned issue areas;
· Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure that their
cases are handled in a responsive manner;
· Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of importance to the
office;
· Assists staff in executing annual Service Academy Nomination process;
· Attends veterans and military events across district;
· Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
· Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
· Accepts performance based criticism and directions;
· Works well under pressure and handles stress;
· Adapts to fast-paced, dynamic environment;
· Performs other duties as assigned.
Requirements and Skills Preferred:
Customer Service experience preferred
Office experience preferred
Excellent organizational skills
Ability to meet deadlines and complete projects in a timely manner
Ability to exercise discretion and judgment in the representation of the member's position
on policy issues

Flexibility to work occasional evenings and weekends as needed
Excellent organizational skills
Additional skills a plus:
Bi-Lingual English/Spanish
Knowledge of Avaya phone systems;
Works well under pressure and handle stress;
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
Experience in government or community organizations;
Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
Knowledge of MS Office computer applications; and
Familiarity with constituent tracking program IQ a plus.
The office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate based on race,
religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family
status, or military status.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $53,000.00 - $60,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Ability to commute/relocate:
Pottstown, PA 19464 and Glenside, PA 19038: Reliably commute or planning to relocate
before starting work (Required)
Work Location: Glenside, PA and Pottstown, PA

MEM-223-25
The Office of Representative Tom Suozzi seeks a Staff Assistant for the Washington, DC
office. Candidates should possess sharp attention to detail, excellent video editing and
graphic design skills, strong driving skills, and be a team player with a positive attitude. The
successful candidate will have strong interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate
clearly in a fast-paced environment and work effectively with teams in both the DC and
district offices. New York ties are preferred.
This entry-level role serves as an integral member of the DC team. Responsibilities include,
but are not limited to, managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests,
answering phones, conducting tours, overseeing the intern program, image and video
editing, driving, and other duties as assigned. A valid U.S. driver’s license and a clean
driving record are required for the position, but owning or having access to a car is not
required.
This is a full-time position. Candidates of all educational backgrounds are encouraged to
apply. The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. No phone calls or
drop-ins please.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter, and digital video and graphic
design portfolio to NY03.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last name – Staff
Assistant.” Starting salary for this position is $45,000 and is eligible for retirement benefits
with an employer match, student loan repayment assistance and transit or parking
benefits.

MEM-200-25
Senior Field Representative & Caseworker
Oakland, CA
The Senior Field Representative and Caseworker serves as a key liaison between the
Congresswoman and her constituents, managing casework and ensuring effective
communication within the district. This position involves handling constituent inquiries,
collaborating with local, state, and federal agencies, and assisting in the identification of
legislative needs based on constituent concerns. The Senior Field Representative and
Caseworker will also participate in district/stakeholder meetings, provide regular updates
to the Congresswoman and District Director on casework trends, and work to build and
maintain strong relationships with community stakeholders and government officials.
Key Responsibilities:

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Act as one of the Congresswoman’s primary representatives in the district,
managing casework and responding to constituent inquiries.
Serve as a liaison between constituents and federal, state, and local agencies,
ensuring timely resolutions to casework issues.
Provide regular updates to the Congresswoman, Chief of StaP, and District Director
on local developments, media trends, and constituent concerns.
Organize, attend and monitor district/stakeholder meetings, ensuring ePicient
coordination and communication between the Congresswoman and constituents.
Identify legislative issues arising from casework, and collaborate with the District
Director to assess and recommend potential actions.
Foster strong relationships with local, state, and federal oPicials, community
leaders, and organizations to enhance the Congresswoman’s outreach ePorts.
Work ePectively under pressure, managing competing priorities and maintaining
professionalism in a fast-paced environment.
Maintain a ﬂexible work schedule, including availability for long hours, evening, and
weekend events.
Perform additional duties as assigned by the Congresswoman, Chief of StaP, or
District Director.

Skills and Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Strong oral and written communication skills, with the ability to ePectively
communicate with diverse stakeholders.
At least 3+ years of experience handling Federal casework; Extensive knowledge of
local, state, and federal agencies and their processes.
Understanding of the issues and events aPecting the district, particularly those
within the Congresswoman’s focus areas.
Ability to manage multiple priorities, demonstrate attention to detail, and maintain
conﬁdentiality.
Strong interpersonal skills and a professional demeanor when engaging with
constituents, colleagues, and public oPicials.
Ability to work independently and exercise discretion in casework management.
Proﬁciency with oPice practices, procedures, and computer applications.
Bilingual proﬁciency (Spanish, Mandarin, or Cantonese) is a plus.

Working Conditions and Other Job Requirements:
• Reports directly to District Director.
• Works during business hours (9-5 p.m.), with the ability to work a ﬂexible schedule
that may include long hours, nights and weekends as assigned.
• Primary duty station is in the oPice, with travel throughout the District to perform
driving duties and attend events as assigned.
• Due to the nature of constituent services work, telework is limited and provided on a
case-by-case basis.

Salary Range : $70,000-$75,000
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.
To apply please submit a cover letter and resume to ca12ls.jobs@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Application for Senior Field Rep & Caseworker Position”

MEM-197-25
CONSTITUENT ADVOCATE: The Office of U.S. Representative Chrissy Houlahan, PA-06 is
seeking a customer service oriented, high performing individual to serve as a Constituent
Advocate in our satellite office in Reading, Pennsylvania.
As a Constituent Advocate for a congressional district office, you will be a liaison between
constituents and federal government agencies. You will respond to constituent requests
for assistance – from individuals, businesses, and nonprofits – and resolve casework
issues through inquiries, facilitation, and problem solving. Additionally, you will represent
the Congresswoman in meetings and at events in our congressional district while building
and maintaining productive, supportive working relationships with local government,
business groups, non-profit, and other stakeholder groups within our community.
Constituent Advocates also identify local problems that can be solved by federal action
and are knowledgeable of the impact of proposed and enacted federal legislation on
stakeholders in our community. Job responsibilities include in-person outreach to relevant
stakeholder groups in our community and successful candidates must have their own
reliable transportation.
The right candidate will serve as a critical part of a close-knit team. Applicants should have
an enthusiastic interest in public service, superior attention to detail, and be motivated to
serve our community. Excellent written and oral communication skills are essential, as
well as the ability to manage multiple tasks, deadlines, and work well under pressure in a
fast-paced environment. Optimistic demeanor and a good sense of humor are a must.
Connections to Pennsylvania and the 6th district are advantageous.
Our office hours are 9:00am – 5:00 pm Monday through Friday. Our district staff alternates
days in the office and days in a work-from-home/outreach schedule (flex days). You must
be able to attend work duties on some evenings and weekends for events as needed.
Starting annual salary is $60,000 and a parking space is provided in the office building lot.
Medical benefits, savings and investment planning, tuition loan reimbursement, and 20
days paid time off are available as benefits for full-time staff members. Additionally, as

Rep. Houlahan believes in actively giving back to our community, each staff member is
allocated 5 additional days of paid leave for volunteer work annually.
Please submit resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to PA06HoulahanJobs@gmail.com and indicate “CONSTITUENT ADVOCATE: (your last
name)” in the subject line. No walk-ins or drop-bys, please. Incomplete applications will
not be considered.
This position is an immediate opening and will report to the District Director.
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and minorities are
strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity
and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.

MEM-173-25
District Director
U.S. Representative Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a Hawai’i management professional
with federal government experience to serve as his District Director in his Honolulu
district office.
This position is a key staff leadership role in assisting the Congressman’s representation of
Hawai’i in the U.S. House of Representatives. The District Director manages all operations
of his district office and district staff. This includes being the primary point of contact and
public face of the Member’s office in the district, facilitating the Member’s visibility and
engagement in the district through joining and representing the Member in regular district
meetings and events, building and maintaining strong relationships with local community
leaders and stakeholders, overseeing the Member’s constituent casework activities with
federal, state and county departments and agencies, and coordinating with the Member’s
Washington-based staff, in particular his D.C.-based Chief if Staff, to align district office
work with the Member’s D.C. and broader priorities.
The position requires, among other qualities and experience, an extensive knowledge of
government and Hawai’i, initiative, interpersonal and management skills, the ability to
multitask, work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
problems, orientation to detail, verbal communication and writing skills, and long and
unpredictable hours.
Applicants should be longtime current or recent residents of Hawai’i with government
experience, preferably the federal government generally and the U.S. Congress

specifically. Other preferred qualifications include experience developing and
implementing community relations strategies for an elected official, federal agency or
similar organization; proven ability to manage staff, make sound decisions and prioritize
competing demands in a fast-paced environment; familiarity with the key issues and
stakeholders in Hawai’i overall and the First Congressional District (Honolulu) specifically;
and demonstrated commitment to public service and community engagement.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter detailing these qualifications together with
three references to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Honolulu Director Vacancy” in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

