Internship Openings
Week of February 10, 2025
MEM-050-25
The Washington, D.C. o1ice of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks interns for the
upcoming Summer 2025 term.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and brieﬁngs, drafting and
editing constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the
legislative sta1, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing support for
the day-to-day activities of the o1ice. Interns are paid via a monthly stipend.
The O1ice of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin,
age, or socioeconomic status.
All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples to
WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should indicate their
availability on both an hourly and monthly basis.
The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM ET on Friday, April 11th, 2025.

MEM-049-25
The Office of Representative Josh Riley (NY-19) is seeking highly motivated and serviceoriented individuals for District Office internships in Catskill Village and Binghamton, NY,
for the Spring of 2025.
Interns will gain hands-on experience in constituent services, assisting with casework
correspondence, tracking local news and events, and supporting daily district office
operations. They may also attend community events and meetings, representing the
Congressman alongside staff. Additionally, interns will complete a Policy Brief project,
conducting research and strategy work on a policy issue.

Internships run from March 3 through May 2, 2025. Two paid positions are available
($700/month for 12 hours per week), and four internships are offered for college credit.
Applicants must be enrolled in an associate’s, undergraduate, or graduate degree
program. Strong communication skills, attention to detail, and a commitment to public
service are essential.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis until February 14.
See the full Internship Description:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1z1UtciYY3xMvaxIsZKzZAZUJDyqKuoXx/view?usp=sharing
Apply online at https://riley.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-044-25
The office of U.S. Congressman Jeff Van Drew (R-NJ-02) is currently accepting applications
for part and full-time interns for the summer session. This is a Republican office, and the
start date would be as early as May 1st with an end date in early August. This is a paid
internship with each intern receiving up to a $1,000 stipend depending on availability
based on a 40-hour workweek.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with our
nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the office and are
expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times. Duties include (but are not
limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, opening
and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various other
tasks to assist staff.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter to nj02internships@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re applying for a fall internship and format the
files as [Full Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter]."

MEM-041-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking interns
for the summer of 2025. This is an in-person opportunity.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of Representatives and
gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fast-paced office. Internships are
offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and stipends are offered based on need. Fulltime availability is preferred. Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required.
Start dates are flexible. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.

Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•

Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
Strong communications and writing skills.
Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
Self-motivated
Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.

Responsibilities:
•
•
•
•

Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms
of outreach.
Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.

To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•
•
•

Resume.
Cover letter.
Three references

MEM-039-25
Congressman Cory Mills’ (FL-07) Washington, D.C. o1ice is currently seeking.
qualiﬁed individuals to serve in his Washington, D.C. o1ice for the Spring of
2025.
Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional o1ice, while gaining
ﬁrsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading
Capitol tours , answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting sta1 with
legislative projects and attending brieﬁngs and hearings.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. This is a paid internship. To start immediately.
Please send resumes and cover letter to Milka.jurado2@mail.house.gov

MEM-034-25
The Office of Congressman Morgan McGarvey is looking for an Intern to serve in our
Washington, DC office from March 17 through May 16.
The objective of the internship program is for interns to gain as much experience as
possible throughout their tenure and feel connected to all staff and constituents they
interact with. Interns should leave the program with substantial knowledge of how a
congressional office works, why the U.S. House of Representatives is important, and how
the federal government functions overall. It is also important for the interns to leave with a
staff-approved resume and writing sample.
An intern's main responsibility will be leading tours of the Capitol for constituents,
answering the phones, helping research legislation, and assisting staff with miscellaneous
tasks as needed.
All interns will be paid, have the opportunity to receive course credit, and must be able to
commit to at least 20 hours a week for 10 weeks.
To apply for our DC office, send your resume, a cover letter, two references, and a short
writing sample (less than 500 words) to Halpin.Burke@mail.house.gov. Please send all
application materials as one PDF document with the subject line:
“Last Name, First Name- Spring 2025 Internship”
Individuals must be eligible to be paid by the United States Government to qualify for this
internship, this includes meeting employment eligibility requirements for the U.S. House of
Representatives (see www.house.gov/employment for more) and ability to present proof of
valid work authorization in accordance with the Immigration Reform Act of 1986.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity and
expression, marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic
protected by applicable law.

Hours:
Full-time interns will work 9:00 AM to 5:00PM when out of session, 8:30 AM – 6:00 PM when
in session Monday through Friday to meet the full-time rate. Accommodations may be
made for students who attend classes during the work week or those with other
commitments.
Stipend:

This is a paid internship. Please include availability, previous experience and information
about yourself and your education. Full stipend is o1ered to interns available to work
during regular hours of operations. Stipends vary for part-time interns depending on
availability/hours per week working.
Transportation Accommodations:
The U.S. House of Representatives o1ers transportation full transportation reimbursement
should interns utilize WMATA’s Metro system for their commute. Interns will receive
instructions on attaining any o1ered reimbursement.

MEM-018-25
Congresswoman Suzan DelBene, representing the 1st Congressional District of
Washington state, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District o1ices. Interns will
work in a fast-paced congressional o1ice, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of
the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls,
assisting sta1 with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with
constituent correspondence. Kirkland, WA interns will have the opportunity to attend
community events and tours with the Congresswoman and sta1. Washington, D.C. interns
will have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
brieﬁngs for the legislative sta1.
Qualiﬁcations: The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral
communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in
public service. Washington state ties are a plus but are not required.
Apply: To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample (1 to 2
pages) through this form.
The deadline for Summer 2025 Internship Applications is 11:59 PM on February 24,
2025.
Due to a high volume of applications, you will only be contacted if you are selected for an
interview. This o1ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identiﬁcation,
family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or walk ins - please email internship.delbene@mail.house.gov with any
questions or concerns.

