Member and Committee Openings
Week of February 24, 2025
MEM-076-25
Congressman Mike Flood (NE-01) seeks a Special Assistant for his Washington, D.C.
Office.
The primary responsibility of the Special Assistant is to transport the Member and other
staff members to meetings and appointments as necessary, deliver and pickup materials
for the office, staff the Member at various meetings, plan for and cater to various
constituents and VIPs in DC, and serve as a personal aide to the Member when he is in
Washington, DC. When the Member is in the district, the Special Assistant will assist the
Operations Team with special projects and other misc. tasks. Typical responsibilities may
include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Driving the Member and other staO members as required for their oOicial duties,
sometimes before or after typical business hours.
Driving the Member to and from the airport, sometimes before or after typical
business hours.
Deliver and pickup materials for the oOice, including letters, packages, and
documents from other government agencies.
Working with the Operations Director to be aware of the Member’s schedule in order
to prepare the Member for his events/meetings.
Running errands and assisting the Operations Team with supplies and other misc.
administrative matters.
Assisting in sorting and delivering mail.
StaOing the Member at various meetings and events.
Catering to constituents and VIPs who happen to be in Washington, DC.
Serving as a personal aide to the Member, tending to various needs as they arise
while he is in Washington, DC.

The requirements for this position are:
•
•

Located in Washington, DC.
Regular, predictable and punctual attendance at assigned locations required for
performance of duties.

•
•
•

•

•
•
•
•

Ability to communicate eOectively with the Member and oOice staO, Members and
representatives from other oOices, outside organizations, and others.
Ability to work outside of traditional business hours as the Member’s schedule
dictates.
Ability to handle diOicult and sometimes tense interactions with members of the
public, including constituents, with tact while also prioritizing the well-being of the
Member.
Work is public-facing and requires frequent interaction with members of the public,
including constituents, in a courteous and tactful manner. Work requires extended
and unscheduled hours as dictated by the Member’s schedule and oOice needs.
Must possess a valid driver’s license and have a good driving record. A personal
vehicle used to drive the Member is not necessarily required.
Regularly lifts and moves luggage, books, ﬁles, documents, and other oOice
materials.
Must be able to prioritize and perform duties under pressure in a fast-paced
environment.
Regularly use typical oOice equipment, software programs, and methods of
communication, including, for example, a computer, email, telephone, smartphone,
photocopier, fax machine, etc.

Nebraska ties are preferred but not required for application. Interested applicants may
submit their resume and cover letter to FloodHiring@mail.house.gov.

MEM-074-25
Press/Digital Assistant—Congressman Jonathan L. Jackson seeks a full-time
Press/Digital Assistant to work in his Washington, D.C. office. This position reports to the
Communications Director.
Responsibilities:
• Create and manage content for the Member’s social media platforms, including copy,
graphics, and videos
• Assist with drafting and circulating the Member’s newsletter, press releases, statements,
talking points, and speeches
• Work with the Communications Director to develop content and graphics for franked
communications
• Monitor news outlets and social media and compile press clips that mention the Member
• Maintain Chicago and D.C. press lists
• Handle photography and videography at D.C.-based events
• Assist with updating the website
Qualifications:
• Heart for public service and helping others

• Exceptional attention to detail
• Strong writing and creative skills
• Experience in graphic design and video editing
• An ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a friendly and
professional manner
• Chicago ties and experience in competitive districts are preferred but not required.
• Experience in Congressional offices of political campaigns preferred but not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer. Please submit a resume and brief cover letter
to Robert.patillo@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME - Press/Digital Assistant Application”
in the subject line. Please do not call or drop by the office.

MEM-072-25
Press Assistant - The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking a Press
Assistant to help execute the congressman’s communications strategy and plan.
Primary responsibilities include: drafting press releases and talking points, writing email
newsletters for targeted constituent coalitions, promoting the congressman’s district
events and engagements, maintaining the communications content calendar, overseeing
website management and updates, branding through graphic design and video/audio
editing, managing social media accounts and analyzing their performance metrics, and
maintaining the congressman’s photo and video database. They will work with the
communications director to find new ways to grow the congressman’s following, increase
his name ID in the district, and maintain synergy across communications materials.
A strong candidate will be a creative, proactive communicator familiar with social media,
the legislative process, website maintenance, as well as photography, graphic design, and
video editing. Excellent writing and organizational skills are required. An ability to multitask
and work under tight deadlines is necessary. Strong candidates will have previous
congressional or political communications experience; ties to Virginia are helpful but not
required. Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples to Julianne.Heberlein@mail.house.gov with “Press Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-071-25
Press/Digital Assistant - Congresswoman Kristen McDonald Rivet (MI-08) seeks a fulltime Press/Digital Assistant, based in her Washington D.C. office. This position reports to
the Communications Director.

Responsibilities:
• Create and manage content for the Member’s social media platforms, including
copy, graphics, and videos
• Assist with drafting and circulating the Member’s newsletter, press releases,
statements, talking points, and speeches
• Work with Communications Director to develop content and graphics for franked
communications
• Monitor mentions of the Congresswoman across news outlets and social media,
and compile press clips
• Maintain Michigan and D.C. press lists
• Handle photography and videography at D.C.-based events
• Assist with updating the website
Qualifications:
• Heart for public service and helping others
• Exceptional attention to detail
• Strong writing and creative skills
• Experience in graphic design and video editing
• An ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a friendly and
professional manner
• Michigan ties and experience in competitive districts are preferred but not required
• Experience in Congressional offices of political campaigns preferred but not
required
Salary: $55,000 per year
The oOice is an equal-opportunity employer. Please submit a resume and brief cover
letter to tom.grandon@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME - Press/Digital Assistant
Application” in the subject line. Please do not call or drop-by the oOice.

MEM-067-25
District Director for Congressman Jonathan L. Jackson (D-IL-1).
Background:
Congressman Jackson has an immediate need to hire a dynamic leader to ﬁll the District
Director role in the Chicago OOice. This is a full-time position. Interested candidates are
encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter by Saturday, March 8, 2025. Once the
application period closes, the oOice will contact the best qualiﬁed candidates to begin the
interview process.

Job Expectations:
The District Director serves as the Member's senior staOer in the Congressional District.
This position works closely with the Chief of StaO, Legislative Director, and
Communications Director to establish strategies, plans, and activities for the Member.
Additionally, the District Director represents the Member at events and meetings
throughout the local community. The District Director also manages and oversees all
district oOice operations, workﬂow, assignments of responsibilities, and performance of
the team (e.g., constituent service representative/caseworker, staO assistant). Occasional
travel to the Washington, D.C. oOice is required.
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience.
Job Duties:
•

Collaborates with the Member, Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and
Communications Director to ensure district office strategies and operating plans
align with the Member's strategic vision and goals

•

Attends events, speaks to local groups, and meets with elected officials and
representatives in the district to serve as a primary representative on behalf of the
Member

•

Oversees the Member's constituent casework activities with Federal departments
and agencies to monitor progress and schedule meetings as necessary

•

Conducts district office staff meetings to ensure tasks are delegated and addressed
appropriately

•

Facilitates information sharing between the Member's district office and the D.C.
office

•

Understands and navigates differing perspectives and opinions to resolve conflicts
and develop solutions effectively

•

Interviews, selects, and trains employees of the district office to ensure the office is
appropriately staffed

•

Plans, assigns, and directs work of employees in the district office to manage staff
and evaluate their work

•

Oversees district office staff to ensure compliance with office policies, practices,
and procedures

•

Travels throughout the district at regular intervals to keep abreast of local concerns

•

Partners with the Member’s communications team to plan district-based media and
press events

Featured Skills:
•

Decision Making: Makes sound, well-informed, and objective decisions; perceives
the impact and implications of decisions. Commits to action to accomplish
organizational goals. Maintains appropriate levels of conﬁdentiality.

•

•

•
•

Advising: Provides guidance and persuades others; utilizes give and take to make
sure input is considered on important decisions; considers the legislative and
political situation to provide valuable guidance.
Managing Others: Plans, distributes, and monitors work assignments of others;
evaluates work performance and provides ongoing feedback to others on their
performance and opportunities to learn through formal and informal methods.
Planning and Coordination: Organizes work and sets priorities. Coordinates with
others to accomplish goals; monitors progress and evaluates outcomes.
Political Acumen: Identiﬁes the internal and external politics that impact work.
Perceives organizational and political reality and acts accordingly.

Preferences:
•
•

Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience preferred
Experience developing a community relations strategy for a Member of Congress,
elected official, or Federal agency is preferred

•

Familiarity with Congressman Jackson’s district and/or IL is required

•

Management experience is required

Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume by Saturday,
March 8, 2025, to edward.hamb@mail.house.gov.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-064-25
Oversight and Investigations Law Clerk
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations (Democratic StaO) is seeking a Law Clerk for Summer 2025 to assist in
conducting oversight and investigations of issues within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction. Law Clerks will work closely with Subcommittee counsel and professional
staO on a wide range of issues related to the environment, energy, health care, and
consumer protection sectors. This is a paid position.
Responsibilities include assisting in the preparation for Congressional hearings;
contributing to the management of investigations of governmental and private entities;
conducting research, document review, and analysis; drafting letters, memoranda, and
investigative reports; and coordinating with other Subcommittees of the full Committee.

The ideal candidate will be in at least their second year of law school or is a recent law
school graduate who is a detail-oriented and proactive problem-solver with strong
communication and legal research and writing skills. Women, people of color, veterans,
and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The oOice is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Law clerks will receive a stipend, and
applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their
educational institution.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C O&I Law Clerk.”
Applications are due on March 21, 2025.

MEM-063-25
Congresswoman Maxine Dexter, M.D. (OR-03) seeks a creative, proactive Digital/Press
Assistant in her Washington, D.C. oOice. This is a full-time position.
The Digital/Press Assistant reports to the Communications Director and will play a crucial
role in executing the oOice’s strategic communications plan, speciﬁcally in executing the
oOice’s social media and digital communications.
This position requires a comprehensive understanding of social media trends, superior
writing skills, considerable experience with photography, graphic design, and video editing,
and the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment. Oregon ties are a
plus but not required.
This oOice is an equal-opportunity employer committed to developing an organization that
is reﬂective of the district that we serve. The oOice does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
Key Responsibilities:
• Develop and implement the oOice’s digital and social media strategy; create and
maintain a consistent stream of digital content for member’s social media
platforms and website; includes rapid response
• Assist with drafting newsletters, press releases, talking points, scripts, opeds/letters to the editor, newsletters, and other written materials
• Film and edit videos for social media, including Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, etc.
• Develop and update website content
• Create/maintain press lists
• Clip TV appearances, ﬂoor speeches, and other video content for social media.
• Other tasks as needed

Salary range is $60,000-70,000.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, 2-3 digital samples, mail
to:OR3Resumes@gmail.com. and with the subject line “Digital/Press Assistant - [Your
Name]” to OR3Resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-062-25
The Office of Congresswoman Kim Schrier seeks a Staff/Press Assistant for her
Washington, D.C. office. This position will support office operations as well as assist the
Communications Director.
Responsibilities include: answering phone calls, running the front office and greeting
visitors, processing mail, managing the intern program, overseeing tour and flag requests,
drafting newsletters and press releases, assisting with social media, updating the
webpage, tracking office metrics, and general administrative support.
Applicants should demonstrate a strong commitment to public service, attention to detail,
ability to work as part of a team in a fast-paced environment, excellent writing skills, and a
sense of humor. The ideal candidate is highly organized, solution-oriented, and has
customer service experience. Prior Hill/Federal government experience and/or
communications experience are a plus. Ties to Washington State, and the 8th
Congressional District specifically, are preferred but not required. The office is an equal
opportunity employer.
To be considered, please submit a cover letter, resume, and references as a single PDF to
WA08Resumes@gmail.com with “Staff/Press Assistant” in the subject line. In the body of
the email please give your favorite fact about Washington State. No phone calls or dropins, please. The deadline to apply is Monday, February 24, 2025.

MEM-060-25
District Scheduler & StaT Assistant
U.S. Rep. Rick Larsen
Everett OOice
Summary:
The District Scheduler & StaO Assistant is responsible for maintaining Rep. Larsen’s
district schedule and managing all incoming requests for meetings and visits throughout
Washington’s Second Congressional District. As StaO Assistant, this position also provides
administrative and special project support to the district oOices.
This position is based in Rep. Larsen’s Everett, WA oOice and reports directly to the District
Director and works closely with the D.C. Scheduler. Together, the district staO works in

harmony with the staO in Washington, D.C., and all staO members report to the Chief of
StaO.
Essential job functions include:
• Manage Rep. Larsen’s in-person and virtual meetings during all district work periods
with district staO, including visit locations, travel logistics, and other relevant details;
• Organize and maintain incoming requests from constituents, local organizations, and
staO from district and Washington D.C. oOices.
• Serve as an oOicial representative for Rep. Larsen with constituents who contact the
oOice either in person, over the phone, or via email.
• Ability to communicate eOectively on sensitive issues with empathy and
understanding.
• Undertake special projects as needed including research, progress reporting, data
collection, and long term regional economic data tracking.
• Support district team members in scheduling, event staOing, letter writing, and other
administrative support, as required.
• Responsible for management of interns and intern program for district oOice.
• Process mail, faxes, packages, etc.
• Assisting staO with oOice events such as town halls and CODELs.
• And drive Rep. Larsen to and from the airport, and other times as needed often late at
night and early in the morning.

•
•
•
•
•
•

Required skills and knowledge:
Attention to detail and superb organizational practices.
Strong typing skills and proﬁciency with computer database management.
Ability to collaborate continually with fellow members of Rep. Larsen’s staO, in both the
district and Washington D.C. oOices.
Ability to exercise discretion and independent thinking while working on sensitive
projects and issues.
Valid driver’s license and vehicle.
Flexibility to work nights and weekends

This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working, cohesive, and dynamic
team with a common mission of making a diOerence in the lives of others. The ideal
candidate is a bilingual English and Spanish speaker, self-motivated, great at multitasking, has great interpersonal skills with a teamwork-oriented attitude, and a strong
desire to help people.
This is a full-time position with federal beneﬁts such as health care, the Federal Employees
Retirement System, Student Loan Repayment Program, vacation/annual leave, paid sick
and parental leave, and others.
The annual salary for this position depends on relevant experience and ranges from
$50,000 - $60,000.
This oOice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability. We are committed to building and maintaining an organization that reﬂects the
needs and diverse community we serve.
Application Process:
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter in a single PDF to
cameron.caldwell@mail.house.gov or mailed to:
OOice of U.S. Rep. Rick Larsen
C/O Cameron Caldwell
District Director
2930 Wetmore Avenue, Ste. 9F
Everett, WA 9820

MEM-054-25
Communications Advisor
Location: Washington, D.C.
Congresswoman Melanie Stansbury (NM-01) is hiring a strategic Communications Advisor
to support her OOice’s work on the DOGE Subcommittee of the House Oversight
Committee and on behalf of New Mexico’s First Congressional District.
This is not an entry level position. Previous experience on Capitol Hill and/or high-level
political communications experience is required, along with a solid understanding of
Congress and the legislative process.
Strong preference for New Mexico ties, where possible. This Communications Advisor will
be joining a dedicated, hard-working, and upbeat team working to defend our democracy
and serving the state of New Mexico. This role will require strong coordination and writing
skills.
This Communications Advisor will report to the Communications Director and work closely
with the Congresswoman’s Leadership, Legislative and District OOice teams to develop
and execute a coordinated communications plan to keep the public and constituents
informed on critical matters before Congress and aOecting the state.
Job responsibilities will include strategic planning, drafting speeches, written remarks,
press statements, and more:
The ideal candidate will also possess the following:
• Exceptional writing and researching skills.
• Ability to work long hours (including weekends and evenings as needed), under pressure,
while remaining collaborative and eOective.
• Thoroughness and attention to detail.
• Discretion and sound judgment.
• An independent self-starter and team-player.
• Strong organizational, time-management, and project management skills with the ability
to juggle multiple priorities simultaneously.
• Self-starting, high dependability, adaptability, and organization skills.
This oOice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
sex (including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Interested candidates must submit a resume to repstansburyresumes@mail.house.gov by
March 7 with the following subject line: “Last Name – Communications Advisor.” Interviews
will be conducted on a rolling basis.

Out of fairness to all candidates, those who do not submit their materials to this email will
not be considered. Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a single PDF saved with
LastName.FirstName.CommunicationsAdvisor to include:
1. Cover letter
2. Resume
3. Two writing samples

MEM-053-25
The House Committee on Financial Services is seeking an experienced securities attorney
to serve as Counsel to the Subcommittee on Capital Markets of the House Committee
on Financial Services.
Position Overview:
The Counsel will play a vital role in advancing the Subcommittee's work on capital
formation and SEC institutional reforms, among other issue areas. The Counsel will work
closely with Committee leadership and staO to develop legislation and policy initiatives.
Key Responsibilities:
- Conduct comprehensive legal research and analysis to support the Subcommittee's
initiatives
- Draft and review legislation within the Subcommittee's jurisdiction
- Represent the Subcommittee in meetings with Members of Congress, interest groups,
government agencies, and other stakeholders
- Analyze complex documents, legislation, and regulatory materials to prepare brieﬁng
materials for Committee members and staO
- Provide legal counsel to the Chairman
- Develop brieﬁng papers and policy documents
- Prepare and support Committee hearings and markups
- Contribute to additional projects based on expertise and interests
Qualiﬁcations Required:
- Juris Doctor (JD) degree from an accredited law school
- Active membership in good standing with a state bar
- Minimum 5 years of experience
- Strong understanding of federal securities laws and regulations
- Excellent analytical, research, and writing skills
- Outstanding interpersonal and communication abilities
- Demonstrated ability to manage multiple complex projects simultaneously
- Experience in analyzing and drafting legislation

Preferred:
- Prior experience at the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
- Background in capital markets regulation and policy
- Legislative or government aOairs experience
- Knowledge of congressional procedures and legislative process
Additional Information:
This position oOers signiﬁcant opportunity for professional growth and the ability to shape
the role based on expertise and interest. Work is conducted collaboratively as part of a
dynamic team environment, with shared responsibilities and opportunities for crossfunctional engagement.
How to Apply:
Please email Zach.Gates@mail.house.gov to apply with a resume and cover letter.

MEM-051-25
DISTRICT STAFF ASSISTANT - Communications and OOice Logistics
The OOice of U.S. Representative Greg Landsman (OH-01) seeks an organized and
proactive professional to serve as a StaO Assistant in our Cincinnati and Lebanon, OH
oOices.
This position is responsible for driving the Congressman to and from the airport on ﬂy-in
and ﬂy-out days and to and from district events. Additionally, the role serves as a critical
part of the communications team, capturing photos; videos and writing copy for the
Congressman’s social media and public communications. Lastly, this role will support
district oOice operations by serving as the point of contact for oOice logistics, including
managing equipment, shipping and receiving supplies, and essential IT support, such as
helping with onboarding and oOboarding new hires and interns.
Candidates for this role should have an exceptional driving record, a car, and car insurance.
They should also have a background in graphic design, video production, photography, or
social media. The ideal candidate should also possess strong writing and communication
skills, exceptional customer service; time management and organizational skills, paying
close attention to detail. The ability to prioritize and follow through on multiple competing
priorities in a fast-paced environment is foundational to working in the oOice.
A valid U.S. driver’s license and consistent access to a vehicle are required for the position.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The oOice is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

Salary range is $45,000-$55,000, commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please email
reginald.harris@mail.house.gov with “StaO Assistant” in the subject line and the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF:
• Cover letter
• Résumé
• Two references including name, current title and organization, phone number,
email, and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will
not contact these references without reaching out to you for your approval)
• An attachment or link to any video editing, photography, and/or social media
content entirely produced by the applicant
No phone calls or drop bys, please.

MEM-047-25
The OOice of Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-32) is seeking to ﬁll a job opening for a
Caseworker position in the (Sherman Oaks) district oOice.
Caseworker responsibilities include: Interact with constituents via phone, email and inoOice meetings; Assist senior staO with administrative responsibilities; Input, ﬁle and
review constituent inquiries; Contact federal agencies on behalf of constituents.
Applicant should be organized, professional, highly motivated and must possess strong
writing, typing and interpersonal skills. Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment
and meet deadlines. Proﬁciency with Microsoft OOice and database software preferred.
Position is entry-level, but past experience in a social work or government ﬁeld is preferred.
Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college or university with a
bachelor's degree.
Salary starts at $45,000 annually, with additional considerations made for relevant
experience. We oOer a generous student loan reimbursement package.
Please submit cover letter and resume attn: Scott Abrams to
scott.abrams@mail.house.gov . No calls please

MEM-046-25
The House Committee on Homeland Security Republican StaO is hiring for a Counsel (JD
required) or Professional StaT Member supporting the Director of Investigations and the
Subcommittee on Oversight, Investigations, and Accountability.

The ideal candidate will have at least two years of experience with a background or strong
interest in congressional oversight and investigations. Experience in homeland security
issues is a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staOing Subcommittee and some Full
Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and some Full Committee
correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as well as with outside organizations,
conducting depositions/ transcribed interviews, reviewing document productions,
legislation, research, managing external sources of information, and interacting with
various congressional committee and personal oOices.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, superior attention to detail, be selfmotivated, work well under pressure, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. The ability to work both independently and as part of a team are
critical. Prior Hill experience preferred. Interested candidates should send a resume and
cover letter to Resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov with the subject line “OIA Counsel <Applicant First and Last Name> - OIA Counsel” or “OIA PSM - <Applicant First and Last
Name>.”

MEM-043-25
Positions Available: Associate General Counsel/Assistant General Counsel
Salary Level/Range: $176,000-$204,500
The Office of General Counsel (“OGC”), which provides legal advice and representation to
Members, committees, officers, and employees of the House on matters related to their
official duties without regard to political affiliation, is accepting applications for the
position of Associate General Counsel/Assistant General Counsel.
Core responsibilities include: drafting district court pleadings and appellate briefs;
appearing in court in litigation matters in which the House or individual Members, officers,
or employees have an official interest; analyzing legal problems presented by House
Members, committees, officers, and employees, and formulating recommended
solutions; advising and counseling House Members, committees, officers, and employees
on a wide range of legal issues; gathering facts necessary to permit OGC to provide sound
legal advice; interacting with House leadership, committees, and other House offices;
interacting with opposing counsel (both government and private); representing witnesses
in connection with investigative proceedings; performing legal research on issues of
constitutional, statutory, and common law; and working closely with other OGC attorneys
and support staff in performing these functions.
Qualifications:
Minimum Requirements: (1) excellent academic credentials; (2) at least three years’
experience as a practicing attorney, including any judicial clerkships; (3) excellent writing,

analytical, and people skills; (4) excellent judgment; (5) ability to work with, and to provide
high quality legal advice and representation to, House Members, committees, officers, and
employees, without regard to political affiliation; and (6) appreciation of—or at least the
desire to learn about and understand—the role and functioning of the Legislative Branch.
Preferred Qualifications: (1) judicial clerkship or other government experience; (2)
experience drafting dispositive motions in federal district courts and/or briefs in federal
courts of appeals; and (3) understanding of structure and operations of the Federal
Government, particularly the House of Representatives and the Department of Justice.
Information about OGC is available at https://ogc.house.gov
Please email your application consisting of: cover letter, resume, law school transcript, list
of references, and writing sample to OGC.Employment@mail.house.gov. Application
deadline, Wednesday, February 26, 2025.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis between now and the deadline. Please
include in the email subject line “Associate General Counsel/Assistant General Counsel
Vacancy.”

MEM-042-25
The OOice of Congressman Gabe Vasquez (NM-02) seeks an experienced, highly organized,
and detail-oriented Scheduler to be based in his Washington, DC oOice. This is not an
entry-level position. Candidates must have exceptional organizational skills, meticulous
attention to detail, expertise prioritizing and managing multiple tasks under tight deadlines,
and the ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment for a battleground
Member.
The Scheduler serves as a key player of the team by managing the Member’s time. This role
reports to and works closely with the Chief of StaO but is expected to be a leader and team
player in coordinating closely with the full team regarding the Member’s schedule.
Core Responsibilities
•
•

•

Evaluating, organizing, and responding to all incoming meeting and event requests
in coordination with the Chief of StaO in a timely manner.
Maintains the Member’s daily and long-term schedule, coordinates travel, and acts
as a liaison for the Member with other congressional oOices, constituents, and
stakeholders.
Briefs the Member weekly on upcoming events, meetings, and other scheduling
matters in Washington, DC and New Mexico.

•

•
•
•

Collaborates with the Member and Senior StaO to determine and ﬁnalize the
Member’s daily and long-term schedules, and collect brieﬁng materials (e.g.,
memos, talking points, and speeches).
Manages Member and oOice operations in Washington, D.C. including coordination
of Member movements, meetings, and oO-campus events.
Works closely with ﬁnancial administrator for travel and oOicial expenses.
Reports directly to the Chief of StaO and Member.

Qualiﬁcations: The ideal candidate will have congressional work experience and prior
scheduling experience. New Mexico ties and Spanish-language proﬁciency are a plus.
To apply, please send a cover letter and resume as a single document to
NM02applications@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler: [Your Name]” as the subject line.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; the office does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age,
disability, or military status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

MEM-040-25
Overview: Congressman Rob Wittman is seeking a highly motivated and experienced
Legislative Director to lead his legislative agenda and coordinate policy initiatives in his
Washington, D.C. oOice. The Legislative Director would handle the Congressman’s Natural
Resources Committee assignment, as well as Energy, Environment and Chesapeake Bay,
Tax, Telecom/Broadband, Transportation & Infrastructure, Appropriations and the Budget,
Immigration, Labor/Workforce/Federal Employees. In addition, the Legislative Director will
have a close working relationship with the Chief of StaO in building and maintaining
relationships with other lawmakers, committee staO, and advocacy groups.
The Legislative Director should be knowledgeable about issues relating to Virginia and VA01, and work closely with the District Director and district stakeholders, including local
leaders, businesses, and community organizations, to understand their needs and
incorporate their perspectives into legislative eOorts. Most importantly, the Legislative
Director should have a genuine commitment to public service and advocating for the best
interests of Virginia’s First District.
Key Responsibilities:
• Develop and implement a comprehensive legislative strategy aligned with the
Congressman’s priorities and constituents' needs.
• Manage and mentor a legislative team, provide guidance, and foster collaboration
among staO members.
• Build and maintain relationships with other lawmakers, committee staO, advocacy
groups, and stakeholders to advance the Congressman’s legislative goals.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Engage with district stakeholders, including local leaders, businesses, and
community organizations, to understand their needs and incorporate their
perspectives into legislative eOorts.
Understand the political landscape and anticipate the implications of legislative
actions as it relates to VA-01.
Draft legislation, amendments, and policy papers, ensuring clarity and adherence to
congressional procedures.
Maintains up-to-date tracking reports on all legislative items including Sponsored
and Cosponsored legislation and letters, provisions in larger bills, and district wins.
Review responses to all constituent mail, and review content produced by the
communications team.
Represent the Congressman in meetings with constituents, interest groups, and
other legislative oOices.
Monitor legislative developments and provide timely updates to the Congressman
and his staO.

Qualiﬁcations:
• Minimum of 5 years of experience in legislative aOairs, public policy, or a related
ﬁeld, preferably in a congressional oOice.
• Strong understanding of the legislative process and federal government operations.
• Excellent writing, research, and communication skills.
• Proven ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment and manage
multiple priorities.
• Commitment to public service and the values of Congressman Wittman.
• Virginia ties Preferred
Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and references to
Carolyn.King@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Legislative Director Application.”

MEM-038-25
Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks an experienced and creative
Communications Director to join her Washington, D.C. oOice. The ideal candidate should
have experience working on Capitol Hill, possess strong written and oral communication
skills, have demonstrated political instincts with a thorough knowledge fostering and
maintaining relationships with press. They should be a team player who is self-motivated,
detailed oriented, comfortable managing multiple projects under strict deadlines and able
to explore innovative approaches to traditional communications.
This position will act as chief spokesperson for the Member, develop and execute strategic
communications plans, and work closely with the Communications Team. This is not an
entry level position. Candidates must have previous communications and press related

experience. Connecticut ties are a preferred but not required. This is a senior level position
and only applicants who meet all qualiﬁcations will be considered.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
· Lead strategy development and implementation of the Member’s communications
objectives in consultation with senior staO;
· Oversee day-to-day press activities, including responding to media inquiries, booking
interviews, and pitching to media outlets;
· Produce press releases, speeches, op-eds, talking points, and statements;
· Develop and execute press conferences and public events centered around core
messaging areas;
· Advance and staO the Member at media events and other commitments, including nights
and weekends;
· Develop social media content creation, including rapid response;
· Produce franked communications, including 499s and mailers;
· Stay up to date on current events and legislation relevant to the Member and the priorities
of the district; and
· Assist the Member and senior staO in other projects and duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
· Capitol Hill or political experience or a demonstrated knowledge of Congress and the
legislative process;
· 3-4 years of experience, with on the record experience as a press secretary or other
communications role;
· Superior writing, editing, and oral communications skills;
· Creative thinker with innovative approaches and an understanding of traditional
communications and digital media;
· Ability to work collaboratively and courteously with others;
· Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, prioritize tasks, and adapt quickly and easily
for rapid response;
· Careful attention to detail;
· Availability to work non-traditional hours; and
· Experience working with stakeholders on messaging opportunities and priorities.
Women, minorities and candidates with Connecticut ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested parties should e-mail a concise cover letter including salary requirements, a
resume, and two writing samples to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject
line: Full Name – Communications Director. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-036-25
Legislative Director Job Listing
Description
A conservative Midwest Member of Congress has an immediate need to hire an
experienced full-time Legislative Director in the Washington, D.C. oOice. Interested
candidates are encouraged to email their resume, cover letter, and references to
ConservativeRep@mail.house.gov. Please use ‘Legislative Director’ as the subject line, and
in the body of the email, please indicate where you found this job description.
Responsibilities
This Legislative Director plays an essential leadership role in the oOice. This position works
closely with the Chief of StaO in assisting with the formulation of the Member’s policy and
legislative strategy and moving the Member’s legislation. The Legislative Director will also
work with the Communications Director to ensure that the Member’s legislative strategy is
incorporated into the oOice’s communications plan. Additionally, the Legislative Director
may also manage and oversee the performance of the legislative team.
Preferred Qualiﬁcations (not a comprehensive list)
• Prior Legislative Director Experience
• Proﬁcient at moving legislation
• Capitol Hill experience
• Great writer
• Management Experience
• Proﬁcient at Microsoft suite
• Detail oriented
• Multitasker

MEM-035-25
House Committee on Veterans’ AOairs (Majority)
Subcommittee on Health
Professional StaT Member
The Majority staO of the House Committee on Veterans' AOairs is seeking a Professional
StaO Member for the Subcommittee on Health. This position will support the
Subcommittee StaO Director in conducting oversight of and drafting legislation related to
the Department of Veterans AOairs’ (VA) including its Veterans Health Administration (VHA),
the largest integrated health care system in the United States, providing care at 1,380
health care facilities. The role involves research, drafting legislation, leading oversight
including trips to VA facilities, leading engagements with outside stakeholders, and other
duties as assigned. Candidates with healthcare experience or prior medical experience are

strongly preferred. Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. This is a full-time, on-site
position in Washington, DC. Some domestic travel is required.
Core Responsibilities:
• Leading oversight including organizing and participating in meetings, drafting memos,
reading documents, limited domestic travel, and other oversight duties as assigned.
• Conducting research to support oversight and legislative activities.
• Leading legislation drafting eOorts.
• Representing the Committee including meeting with other congressional staO, veteran
service organizations, and external healthcare stakeholders.
• Perform other duties as assigned by the Subcommittee StaO Director, Committee StaO
Director, or Committee Deputy StaO Director.
Qualiﬁcations:
• Undergraduate degree
• Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply
• Post-graduate-level writing skills
• Excellent oral communication skills
• Thoroughness and attention to detail
• Problem solving skills
• Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and courteous
• Work independently as well as in teams
• This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
• Some domestic travel is required.
Beneﬁts (as eligible):
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
• Student Loan Repayment Program
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the
interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.

How to Apply:
Qualiﬁed candidates should send their resume to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“Health PSM” in the subject line. Please include a short description of why you are
interested in the position in the body of the email. Writing and editing tests, and references
may be requested. No calls or walk-ins, please.
What to Expect Next:
Your resume will be reviewed to determine if you are among the top candidates. If you are
one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an interview.

MEM-034-25
House Committee on Veterans’ ATairs (Majority) Contracts Investigator
The House Committee on Veterans’ AOairs Majority staO seeks a subject matter expert on
government procurement, contracting, and acquisition.
Core Responsibilities:
•

•

•
•
•

Under the supervision of the General Counsel for the Committee, the individual will
conduct oversight and develop policies relating to Department of Veterans AOairs
(VA) procurement, contracting, and acquisition.
The responsibilities encompass the entire VA, which includes the Veterans Beneﬁts
Administration, Veterans Health Administration, National Cemetery Administration,
and VA Central OOice organizations. This also covers a wide range of activities such
as small-dollar procurement, contracting by negotiation, major acquisition, Federal
Supply Schedules, category management, construction, leasing, information
technology, health care, research and development, and small business.
Collect technical information and translate it into brieﬁngs, memoranda, hearing
materials, and policy recommendations for a general audience.
Meet with congressional staO, veteran service organizations, industry organizations,
and internal and external stakeholders.
Perform other duties as assigned by the General Counsel, Committee Deputy StaO
Director, and Committee StaO Director.

Qualiﬁcations:
•
•
•
•
•

Undergraduate degree
Work experience in procurement operations, preferably as a contract specialist or
contracting oOicer in a federal agency
Command of the Federal Acquisition Regulation and familiarity with major
procurement laws
Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
Excellent oral communication skills

•
•
•
•
•
•

Thoroughness and attention to detail
Discretion and sound judgment in formulating and recommending policy positions
Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and
courteous
Work independently as well as in teams
This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
Some domestic travel is required.

Beneﬁts:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Sick and Annual Leave
Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
Thrift Savings Plan
Federal Employees Group Life Insurance Program
Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Federal Transit Beneﬁt or parking
Student Loan Repayment Program

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Transportation and all
related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume
to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Contracts Investigator “in the subject line. Writing
samples and references may be requested. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-033-25

The Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams (NC12) seeks an experienced, highly
organized, and detail-oriented Scheduler for her Washington, DC office. This is not an
entry-level position. The ideal candidate will possess exceptional time management skills,
the ability to prioritize and manage competing demands, and the capacity to perform well
under pressure in a fast-paced environment. The Scheduler is responsible for managing
the Congresswoman’s complex schedule, organizing official travel, and acting as a liaison
with various stakeholders, including constituents, fellow Members of Congress,
distinguished guests, and leaders from public, private, and nonprofit sectors.
The Scheduler will work closely with the Member, Chief of Staff, and Deputy Chief of
Staff/District Director to ensure the smooth coordination of the Member's day-to-day
activities and long-term commitments.
Key Responsibilities:
1. Scheduling & Coordination:
o Manage and maintain the Congresswoman’s daily and long-term schedule, ensuring all
appointments, meetings, events, and travel are accounted for.
o Receive, prioritize, and organize incoming scheduling requests from internal and external
stakeholders.
o Communicate with external organizations, constituents, and other congressional offices
to coordinate scheduling requests, events, and meetings.
o Maintain flexibility to accommodate changes to the schedule throughout the day and
ensure the Congresswoman is briefed on updates in real time.
o Ensure that all meetings, events, and activities are properly logged and tracked.
2. Travel & Logistics:
o Coordinate all travel arrangements for the Congresswoman, including transportation,
lodging, and related logistics.
o Work with the Chief of Staff and Deputy Chief of Staff to coordinate travel schedules and
ensure seamless transitions between office duties and travel commitments.
o Manage travel-related expenses, including collecting receipts and submitting for
reconciliation with the financial administrator.
3. Briefing & Preparation:
o Work with the Member and relevant staff to prepare daily briefing materials, including key
meeting objectives, background information, and travel logistics.
o Provide daily and weekly briefings to the Congresswoman on upcoming events,
meetings, and other scheduling matters.
4. Liaison & Communication:
o Serve as the primary point of contact for coordinating scheduling with key stakeholders,
including Members of Congress, Congressional staff, government officials, donors,
advocates, and other influential partners.
o Ensure timely and professional communication with constituents, including responding
to scheduling inquiries and arranging meetings or office visits as appropriate.

o Collaborate with other congressional offices, leadership staff, and external organizations
to ensure seamless scheduling and minimize conflicts.
5. Administrative Support:
o Track and manage the Congresswoman’s messages, telephone calls, and emails as
requested, ensuring timely follow-up, follow-through and prioritization.
o Assist with administrative tasks as needed, including drafting correspondence,
managing schedules, and other office support functions.
Salary & Benefits:
• Salary: commensurate with experience.
• Benefits: Eligible for transit benefits, student loan repayment assistance, and other
standard congressional office benefits. Additional benefits to be discussed during the
interview process.
Application Process:
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, a resume, and three references to
NC12.resume@mail.house.gov with “[NAME] –Scheduler” in the subject line.

MEM-032-25
Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-5) seeks a Legislative Assistant to join her
Washington, D.C. office. The position will primarily be responsible for managing an active
policy portfolio based on both the office’s needs and the selected candidate’s interests.
The Congresswoman’s priorities include advocating for family-first policies, lowering the
cost of living, promoting economic growth, and making government work better for all
Americans. This position will not handle the House Financial Services Committee portfolio.
Responsibilities
• Develop legislative initiatives and collaborate closely with the legislative and
communications teams to advance the Congresswoman’s priorities.
• Monitor legislative developments in Congress and the Administration and provide vote
recommendations.
• Meet with constituents and advocacy groups, draft briefing materials, and prepare talking
points.
• Staff the Congresswoman at relevant meetings and events.
• Other tasks as assigned
This is not an entry-level position and previous relevant policy and/or Capitol Hill
experience is required. Oregon-ties are a plus.
Preference will be given to candidates who understand the appropriations process, have a
customer service-first attitude, and can anticipate the evolving needs of a battleground
member. Successful candidates are those who have a constant appetite to learn about

legislative processes, possess entrepreneurial skills, and demonstrate the ability to adapt
to the fast-paced environment of a new member office.
Our office is committed to diversity and does not discriminate based on race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin. We
encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please send in a single PDF: cover letter, resume, and contact information for
three professional references to BynumOregonJobs@gmail.com with the subject line
“Legislative Assistant – [Your Name].” The office will contact the most qualified candidates
to begin the interview process on a rolling basis.

MEM-026-25
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR
Congressman Greg Steube is seeking an experienced, highly motivated Communications
Director to spearhead the office’s strategic communications efforts. This individual will
manage all aspects of media relations, content creation, and digital strategy. The ideal
candidate will be an exceptional writer, a strong strategic thinker, and a skilled manager
who thrives in a fast-paced environment.
Key Responsibilities:
• Pitch and book local and national media regularly to ensure strong and consistent
coverage.
• Develop and maintain strong relationships with local and national press to amplify the
Congressman’s message.
• Create daily social media content (including graphic design) and write compelling
statements, press releases, media advisories, op-eds, radio ad scripts, and the weekly
newsletter.
• Draft talking points, speeches, and key messaging for public appearances and
interviews.
• Oversee and manage a large communications budget, covering areas such as mass
mailers, digital ads, radio ads, text messages, surveys, and email campaigns.
• Produce, edit, and clip video content for use on social media and other platforms.
The Communications Director will also manage a Deputy Communications Director to
help execute these tasks and ensure smooth operations across all communications
initiatives.
Qualifications & Skills:
• Proven experience in strategic communications, public relations, and/or media
relations—ideally in a political, public affairs, or government context.

• Strong writing, editing, and verbal communication skills, with the ability to craft concise,
persuasive messaging under tight deadlines.
• Solid understanding of social media platforms, digital advertising, and video content
creation.
• Strong organizational, time-management, and project management skills with the ability
to juggle multiple priorities simultaneously.
• Experience managing budgets and working with vendors, including for advertising and
media buys.
• A self-starter who can work independently and as part of a dynamic team.
Preferred Qualifications:
• Experience working in a Congressional office or political campaign.
• Familiarity with video production tools (Adobe Premiere, Final Cut Pro, etc.).
• Knowledge of local and national political landscape, with a particular understanding of
Congressman Steube’s policy priorities and messaging.
Interested applicants should send resume and cover letter to:
Floridarepublicanjob@gmail.com

MEM-025-25
PRESS SECRETARY
The Office of Rep. French Hill (AR02) seeks to fill the position of Press
Secretary. Candidates should have at least three years of prior relevant experience in
communications and / or press roles.
The Press Secretary is responsible for driving an established press strategy that combines
both local and national press goals. Responsibilities include overseeing the preparation of
all communications materials and preparation of all digital, audio and print content,
including graphics. Responsibilities also include managing media relations and developing
contacts with members of the media and community leaders. Where necessary, the Press
Secretary acts as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Congressman.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills are required, as are proficiency and
flexibility with communications technologies. This role requires the production of
numerous types of communications products including press releases, op-eds, talking
points, newsletters, speeches, and social media posts. Having an established network of
media contacts is a plus as is prior management experience.
Desired attributes include the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and an
openness to learning new technologies and communications tools. The Press Secretary is
a member of the Senior Staff team.

Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.

MEM -024-25
FIELD REPRESENTATIVE
Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks Field Representative for office in Santa
Rosa, California, to cover the town of Sonoma. The Field Representative serves as the
Member's community representative for issues and programs within their assigned areas,
including monitoring and updating the Member and their colleagues on important local
issues, emerging trends, and critical developments. They also represent the Member at
community events and meetings, schedule the Member while in the district, prepare and
attend meetings and events with the Member, answer casework correspondence and
verbal communications with constituents, act as liaison with federal, district, and local
agencies for the Member and constituents, and other duties important to serving the
people of the congressional district.
Job Duties:
• Coordinates with the Member and colleagues to ensure outreach efforts align with the
Member’s strategic vision, goals, and priorities
• Collaborates with district and D.C. colleague to ensure district priorities are aligned and
inform the Member’s legislative strategy
• Serves as a liaison with federal government entities for individual constituent concerns,
including the handling of constituent casework
• Collaborates with colleagues to schedule the Member while in their assigned areas in the
district
• Assesses casework trends and identifies issues requiring legislative action and/or
additional Congressional oversight
• Informs the Member and colleagues on any important developments and current events
impacting the district
• Builds and maintains positive relationships with constituents, key community leaders,
and other stakeholders
• Tracks news stories and social media posts for the Member and colleagues, including the
communications team
• Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal officials and stakeholders to form effective
relationships for the Member
• Attends events to serve as a representative for the Member, as determined by their
supervisor
• Handles various community issues in accordance with office policies and procedures.

• Support Office in executing public meetings and annual Congressional activities such as
the Congressional Art Competition, Congressional App Competition, and other similar
events.
• Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and ensure
work is completed in an efficient and effective manner
• Understands differing perspectives and opinions to navigate conflicts and develop
solutions effectively
Featured Skills: Candidates must be a self-starter, hard-working, highly dependable,
adaptable, and organized as well as possess strong oral and written communication skills
and the ability to work quickly under pressure. Good judgment, strong customer service
and interpersonal skills, ability to develop and collaborate with coalitions, works well in a
team environment, a passion for public service, and availability to work evenings and
weekends are required. Driver’s license and access to vehicle is required. Bachelor's
degree or equivalent combination of education and experience preferred. Prior experience
developing a community relations strategy for a Member of Congress, elected official, or
Federal agency is preferred. Familiarity with Member's district, especially Rohnert Park,
Cotati, and Penngrove, is preferred. Ability to communicate in multiple languages,
especially Spanish, is highly desirable.
Salary Level/Range: $59,540 - $68,093
Applicant Instructions: Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two
writing samples and three references to ca04districtstaff@gmail.com with the Subject
Line: Field Representative Vacancy. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, or national origin.

MEM-022-25
DISTRICT CASEWORKER (Social Security and Medicare)
SUMMARY: Congresswoman Madeleine Dean (PA-04) seeks a mo9vated and organized
individual to join her team as a Congressional Caseworker based in Glenside, PA. This posi9on
serves as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies on behalf of the Member and her
cons9tuents. The Caseworker will handle a porHolio of issue areas while serving as the lead on
all Social Security and Medicare concerns through casework correspondence and verbal
communica9on with cons9tuents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
• Acts as the representa9ve for the Member in the realm of Social Security and Medicare
including answering casework correspondence, mee9ng with cons9tuents, verbal

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

communica9ons with cons9tuents, and serving as a liaison with other federal, district,
and local agencies.
Informs the Member and District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned issue
areas.
Handles and priori9zes casework assignments while assis9ng with general intake,
cons9tuent services requests, and communica9on in an oﬃce environment.
Assesses casework inquiries for problems requiring legisla9ve ac9on and makes
recommenda9ons to the District Director and Chief of Staﬀ.
Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district oﬃces.
Logs all incoming and outgoing mail and telephone calls rela9ng to casework in
Customer Rela9onship Management (CRM) system.
Prepares periodic reports for the Casework Manager on pending cases and district
ac9vi9es in his or her assigned issue areas.
Con9nually screens ac9ve cases and acts as liaison with cons9tuents to ensure that their
cases are handled in a responsive manner.
Maintains up-to-date ﬁles on all cases and issues of importance to the oﬃce.
Maintains a good working rela9onship with the Member, staﬀ, and cons9tuents.
Accepts performance-based cri9cism and direc9ons.
Works well under pressure and handles stress.
Performs other du9es as assigned.
Works Monday – Friday 8:30am – 4:30pm, with occasional nights and weekends for
town hall mee9ngs and other special events.

SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong oral and wriYen communica9on skills.
• Knowledge of legisla9ve process and of House organiza9on and procedures.
• Knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments—especially regarding
Social Security and Medicare programming.
• Professional telephone manner.
• Strong organiza9on and follow-up skills.
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personali9es in a tacHul, pleasant, and
professional manner.
• Ability to work coopera9vely and courteously with others.
• Thoroughness and careful aYen9on to detail.
• Ability to exercise discre9on and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibili9es.
• Knowledge of oﬃce policies, prac9ces, and procedures.
• Knowledge of oﬃce computer applica9ons.
• Proﬁciency in word processing as well as with oﬃce equipment: scanner, copier, printer,
desktop computer.

TO APPLY:
All interested candidates should email a resume and cover leYer directly to
mdeanhiring@gmail.com with the subject line “Caseworker – [Applicant’s Last Name]
The oﬃce is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orienta<on, gender iden<ty and expression, na<onal origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-021-25
HOUSE COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS
TITLE: Communications Director, House Committee on Veterans’ AOairs Democratic StaO
SUMMARY: The Democratic StaO of the House Committee on Veterans’ AOairs seeks a
Communications Director to implement the Ranking Member’s Committee
communications strategy.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES FOR COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR ROLE
• Serve as primary communications advisor for the Ranking Member and Democratic
Committee StaO
• Manage the execution of the communications strategy
• Oversee day-to-day press activities, including responding to media inquiries,
booking interviews, and pitching news stories to media outlets
• Work with policy leads to develop core messaging and talking points
• Produce press releases, speeches, op-eds, and materials that are at or near
ﬁnished product
• Supervise other press staO
• Assist with the development of talking points, remarks, statements, press releases,
advisories, and caucus messaging guides
• Assist with the coordination, preparation, and execution of media interviews,
speaking engagements, and press conferences
• Monitor and track media appearances, manage media relationships, and work with
policy subject matter experts to identify opportunities for media engagement
• Assist with rapid response eOorts
• Coordinate with Committee Member oOices on any press related needs
• StaO Ranking Member at press events
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
• Superior writing, editing, and oral communications skills
• Creative thinker with innovative approaches and an understanding of digital media
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others

•
•
•

Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, prioritize tasks, and adapt quickly and
easily for rapid response
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
Availability to work non-traditional hours

EXCEPTIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
• Capitol Hill or political experience or a demonstrated knowledge of Congress and
the legislative process
• 3-4 years of experience, with on the record experience as a press secretary or other
communications role
• Experience working with stakeholders on messaging opportunities and priorities
• Demonstrated understanding or experience with veterans issues
Candidates will be evaluated on experience, skills, character and ﬁtness, and how well
they meet the qualiﬁcations and requirements above. To build a diverse and more inclusive
work environment, veterans, minorities, women, people with disabilities, and LGBTQ+
candidates are encouraged to apply. Salary range $90K-$110K, commensurate with
experience.
All candidates are required to complete an online application at https://democratsveterans.house.gov/opportunities to be considered for this position. There you can upload
your resume, cover letter, and two professional writing samples.

MEM-019-25
Press Assistant
The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic StaO seeks a motivated and
hardworking communications professional to join fast-paced communications team as a
Press Assistant.
Responsibilities include:
• Drafting press releases, social media posts, talking points, and the committee
newsletter;
• Designing graphics for both social media and web content;
• Producing and editing videos and photos;
• Monitoring social media;
• Maintaining and updating press lists; and
• Compiling daily press clips.
Qualiﬁed candidates must have excellent written and oral communication skills, a proven
ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks and sound political
judgment.

Prior Hill or campaign communications experience, as well as professional social media
and digital experience (including graphic design and photo and video editing), is preferred.
Our oOice deeply values the diversity of our employees and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
Salary: $65,000
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, one writing sample, and two
digital samples to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. Please no walk ins or phone calls.

MEM-016-25
Position Location: Washington, DC
The OOice of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking an experienced Senior
Legislative Assistant to handle a comprehensive portfolio that could include the following
issues: education, childcare, tax, ﬁnancial services, housing, healthcare, labor,
transportation, commerce and small business. The issue set will depend on the
candidate’s experience and interests. We encourage individuals with legislative, research
and writing experience to apply and we will discuss the issue set more in depth through the
interview process.
This position requires the ability to advance Congresswoman Jayapal's legislative priorities
in their issue portfolio. The ideal candidate will come with previous legislative experience,
including the knowledge and abilities to drive issues with traditional legislative tools (i.e.
committee work, bill introductions) as well as organizing tools (i.e. events with partners, in
district town halls).
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Driving current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation, legislative
drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as speeches, policy memos,
and factsheets;
• Preparing and staOing the Congresswoman for relevant committee hearing and
markups; drafting hearing remarks and questions;
• Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
• Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal
• stakeholders including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow
• Congressional and Committee oOices; and
• Carrying out additional duties as required.
•
Job Requirements:

•
•
•
•
•
•

4 -6 years of relevant experience including policy development and analysis; issue
advocacy; and strategic planning;
Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
Excellent writing and time management skills;
Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is appropriate
for the oOice;
Poised, level-headed, ﬂexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.

The OOice of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer. Women,
people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State
and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is strongly preferred.
Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and references
in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant: [Applicant’s
First and Last Name]” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-013-25
Position Overview:
Congresswoman Sarah McBride (DE-AL) is seeking a Legislative Assistant for her
Washington, D.C. oOice. This position will focus on a diverse legislative portfolio, including
the Congresswoman's work on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee.
The ideal candidate will be a self-starter with strong writing, research, and communication
skills, capable of producing high-quality work in a fast-paced environment. This is not an
entry-level position. Previous legislative experience in a congressional oOice is required. A
positive attitude, attention to detail, the ability to thrive in a collaborative team
environment, and a good sense of humor are essential.
Key Responsibilities:
• Collaborate with the Congresswoman, Legislative Director, additional staO, other
hill oOices, and stakeholders to develop and advance legislative initiatives within
the assigned diverse legislative portfolio.
• StaO the Congresswoman for her work on the Science, Space, and Technology
Committee, including writing remarks, managing relationships, and advancing
legislation.
• Research and track legislation, coordinate bill co-sponsorships, and monitor
relevant committee and ﬂoor activities.
• Draft policy memos and brieﬁng materials for the Congresswoman and senior staO.
• Brief the Congresswoman on legislative matters and assist in preparing her for
hearings, markups, and meetings.

•
•
•

Represent the Congresswoman in meetings with constituents, advocacy
organizations, and industry stakeholders.
Support state oOice staO by providing relevant legislative updates and assisting with
local initiatives.
Perform additional responsibilities as assigned.

Qualiﬁcations:
• Legislative experience in a congressional oOice.
• Strong written and verbal communication skills.
• Ability to exercise sound judgment, make decisions under pressure, and navigate
challenging situations.
• Excellent organizational and time management skills to manage multiple projects
simultaneously.
Preferred:
• Familiarity with issues related to the Science, Space, and Technology Committee or
a demonstrated interest in science and technology policy.
Application Instructions:
Applicants should email their resume and a cover letter to
DEResumes@sarahmcbride.com with "Legislative Assistant" in the subject line.
Equal Opportunity Employer:
The oOice of Congresswoman Sarah McBride is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity
and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.

MEM-012-25
Congresswoman Shontel M. Brown (OH-11) is seeking a full-time Operations
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent in her Washington, D.C. oOice. The position reports
to the Administrative Director and Legislative Director. Responsibilities include logging
phone calls, greeting visitors, managing front oOice operations, handling tour and ﬂag
requests, assisting with drafting constituent correspondence and managing the mail
program, overseeing the intern program, providing administrative support to the team, and
additional duties as assigned. A successful candidate will have excellent writing and
proofreading ability, outstanding organizational and time management capacity, strong
attention to detail, and the ability to work independently. Ohio ties are a plus.
TO APPLY: All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and
writing sample to Ohio11resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject "Operations
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent: Last Name, First Name". Our oOice is an equal

opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion,
national origin, age, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital or parental status, or
disability. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-530-24
TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial AOairs,
House Committee on Veterans’ AOairs, Majority StaO
REPORTS TO: Majority StaO Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial
AOairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Provide administrative and research support to Subcommittee staO and assists with
duties as assigned.
DUTIES:
• Maintain Subcommittee archives of activities, including Member and stakeholder
engagements.
• Travel and conduct oversight visits at agency locations.
• Draft trip reports, requests to agencies for information (including tracking deadlines),
hearing recaps, and other work product relevant to the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction.
• Subcommittee casework as assigned.
• Answer telephone and respond to caller inquiries.
• Keep abreast of emails, including Member inquiries and agency notiﬁcations.
• Organize and maintain Subcommittee electronic records, including meeting notes,
agency reports, other documents.
• Participate in staO-level discussions on legislation being considered; draft policy
memoranda as assigned.
• Assist with due diligence being performed as part of the Subcommittee’s oversight duties,
including requesting information from agencies on matters within the Subcommittee
jurisdiction.
• Assist with hearing preparation and coordination of hearings, including drafting
memoranda and remarks for Chairman.
• Attend meetings with agencies, veteran service organizations, and other parties, and
maintain notes on such meetings.
• Assist with the drafting of memoranda for the full Committee and Subcommittee
Chairman on matters within the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Review the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and other
publications for matters of interest to Subcommittee Members and staO.
• Assist with developing policy recommendations and serve as a resource for Members
both on and oO Committee.

• Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Subcommittee
Chairman, full Committee StaO Director or Deputy StaO Director, and Subcommittee StaO
Director, and assisting other Committee staO, as needed.
• This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science.
REQUIRED SKILLS:
• Strong research skills. Legal research skills (e.g., LexisNexis) is a plus.
• Strong writing and editing skills.
•Strong Microsoft OOice proﬁciency, including expertise in Word and the ability to use
Excel.
•Strong organizational skills.
•Strong verbal communication.
•Excellent attention to detail.
•Excellent listening skills.
•Strong ability to manage ﬂuctuating workloads and juggle and prioritize tasks, including
managing short-, medium-, and long-term tasks.
•Team oriented.
•Excellent ability to work well under pressure and time constraints.
•Problem solving and analytical skills are a plus.
•Potential to work independently.
BENEFITS: Employees may be eligible for the following beneﬁts:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Beneﬁts
•Many other supportive services and beneﬁts oOered by the U.S. House of Representatives.
Other Information: Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S.
House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses
associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.

How to Apply: Qualiﬁed candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and one (1)
writing sample to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “DAMA
Republican Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-523-24
The Democratic Staff of the House Budget Committee and Ranking Member Brendan F.
Boyle (PA-02) seek a creative and detail-oriented Digital Assistant to support digital
communications and public engagement efforts. This position will be split between the
committee office and personal office and will be based out of Washington D.C.
This position involves creating and scheduling content for social media platforms,
maintaining the committee’s website, producing multimedia materials (graphics, videos,
and infographics), and monitoring digital analytics to optimize outreach. The ideal
candidate will have 1-3 years of experience in digital communications, social media
management, or a similar role (Hill or campaign experience preferred), proficiency with
design and editing tools (e.g., Adobe Creative Suite, Canva), strong writing and editing
skills, and a passion for progressive policymaking.
Candidates should be highly organized, comfortable working under tight deadlines, and
familiar with social media analytics and website content management systems. A
bachelor’s degree in communications, political science, or a related field is preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and the position includes a competitive benefits
package.
This office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values mentorship and
professional development; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status. Candidates with diverse backgrounds,
women, people of color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, email a cover letter, resume, three examples of digital content, and contact
information for three references to budget-democrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with the
subject line: "[Name] – Digital Assistant Application." Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis.

MEM -522-24
The Office of Congressman Pat Ryan (NY-18) seeks a Press Secretary based in the
Washington DC office. Applicants should be prepared to join a highly-collaborative, highachieving team and possess an eagerness to grow and learn within the office. Ties to New
York’s 18th District are a plus.

The ideal candidate should demonstrate excellent writing and editing skills in addition to a
strong work ethic, good sense of humor, and keen attention to detail. The position will
require working non-traditional hours.
Responsibilities include:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Writing press releases, statements and media advisories
Drafting talking points and op-eds
Staffing the Congressman for interviews and media events
Planning press conferences and in-district events
Responding to press inquiries
Maintaining relationships and booking interviews with local press outlets
Other tasks as assigned

The Press Secretary will report to the Communications Director, and work closely with the
Chief of Staff, the District Director, the Digital Director, the Legislative Director, and other
legislative and district staff in creating, coordinating and executing the digital and written
content strategy to promote the Congressman’s legislative and district priorities. The
salary range for this position is $60,000 - $80,000, commensurate with experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three
references in a single PDF to ny18resumes@mail.house.gov with the job title and your full
name in the subject line (e.g.: “Press Secretary - Bryson Daily). No phone calls, faxes or
drop-ins, please. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-517-24
Congresswoman Susie Lee (D-NV) seeks a highly organized, good-humored, hard-working
DC Scheduler to develop, coordinate, and manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and
long-term schedule and logistics in DC. The DC Scheduler will report to the Chief of Staff
and work closely with the Member, DC staff, and District staff, including a District-based
scheduler responsible for in-district scheduling. This is not an entry-level role; prior
scheduling experience is preferred, and salary will be commensurate with experience.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and
scheduling requests, coordinating travel for the Member, compiling the Congresswoman’s
nightly briefing materials, and managing office operations, including but not limited to
facilitating Member meetings and calls, coordinating internal and external events,
assisting with onboarding and training for staff and interns, and other administrative
duties. Responsibilities will also include providing staffing support, including driving the

Congresswoman as needed. Strong candidates will be creative problem solvers, have
excellent attention to detail, communicate succinctly and effectively, and thrive in a fastpaced work environment. The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under
pressure, and the flexibility to be responsive to urgent scheduling needs on nights and
weekends.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Candidates should submit in PDF format a resume, cover letter, and three references
(including name, title and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the
candidate) to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name – DC
Scheduler.”

MEM-476-24
Congressman Dan Crenshaw (R-TX-02) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working Legislative
Assistant (LA), based in our Washington, D.C. oOice. This position reports to the Legislative
Director. The LA will handle an economic facing portfolio, including Budget and
Appropriations, Financial Services, and Tax, with other issues to follow.
Key duties include:
• Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Legislative Director, and
legislative, communications, and district teams on legislative updates
• Preparing and staOing the Member for meetings, and assisting in the drafting of remarks,
as needed
• Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio of
issue areas Working with external stakeholders, Congressional Research Service (CRS),
Legislative Counsel, and committee staO to draft legislation based on the Member’s
priorities
• Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communications skills and be detailoriented, organized, and creative. They must be able to quickly learn the member’s voice
and think in a proactive, communications-focused manner.
Other key qualities include:
• Commitment to a collaborative work environment
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage competing priorities
• Ability to communicate up and down within the team
• Ability to learn the Congressman’s voice and legislative priorities
• Interest in identifying and pursuing new opportunities and the ability to anticipate and
adapt to challenges

Hill experience is required. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with level of
experience. Qualiﬁed applicants should submit a resume and writing sample (no more
than 3 pages) as one combined PDF to Kenneth.Depew@mail.house.gov. Include
“Legislative Assistant – [Full Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on
a rolling basis as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

