Member and Committee Openings
Week of March 31, 2025
MEM-116-25
Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib, representing Michigan’s 12th Congressional District, is
seeking an experienced, organized and highly motivated Legislative Director to lead our
o>ice’s legislative work and strategy. The Legislative Director provides visionary and
strategic planning on legislative priorities and helps with implementation of these priorities
based on the district, member and o>ice goals. The Legislative Director will be responsible
for leading implementation of district and Rep. Tlaib’s core issues which include economic
justice, environmental justice, housing a>ordability, corporate accountability and so much
more.
Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+, and other members of other marginalized
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. The o>ice is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Deadline to apply is Monday, April 14th. To
apply, please email Rashida.Jobs@mail.house.gov (SUBJECT: Legislative Director, YOUR
NAME) with a cover letter, resume and 2-3 references. The starting salary for this position is
$100,000 and will commensurate with experience. Michigan ties are highly desirable, but
not required. Please see attached job description with further details and qualiﬁcations.

MEM-115-25
EXPERIENCED OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR
U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
COMMITTEE ON ETHICS
Director of Administration (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced o>ice administrator to serve as the Director of Administration for the
Committee. The Director of Administration will oversee the Committee’s administrative,
ﬁnancial, and human resource functions. The Director will manage the nonpartisan

administrative sta> who are responsible for ensuring a high level of customer service to the
House community as well as the e>icient operation of the Committee’s work.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to maintain strict conﬁdentiality,
to serve all Members of Congress equally, and to refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess a minimum of 5 years of experience with government
administrative, ﬁnancial, or human resource processes; outstanding analytical and written
and oral communication skills; and sound judgment.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is also desirable: CAO ﬁnance and human
resource processes, o>ice administration, and familiarity with Congress. Previous
management experience and proﬁciency with PeopleSoft and Finmart preferred. Salary
range $132,638 to $140,667. Please email resume, cover letter, and a list of references to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Director of Administration” in the
subject line.

MEM-114-25
Digital Manager — Congresswoman Lois Frankel (FL-22)
The O>ice of Congresswoman Lois Frankel, Ranking Member of the Appropriations
National Security and Department of State Subcommittee (formerly SFOPS), is seeking a
creative, hard-working, and detail-oriented Digital Manager based out of her Washington,
D.C. o>ice. The salary range for this position is $60,000-$75,000, commensurate with
experience.
The ideal applicant will be a strong writer with a passion for innovative, authentic, e>ective
digital engagement. Applicants should bring skills in graphic design, photography, and
video editing, as well as experience using AI tools.
Responsibilities:
• Drafting daily content for Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and Bluesky in the voice of
the Congresswoman, in addition to swift response to breaking news in DC and
developments in FL-22;
• Creating videos, graphics, and other digital content that is compelling, engaging,
and on-brand;
• Creating and executing a digital performance plan to increase engagement and
reach;
• Taking photos and videos of the Congresswoman at events and in meetings;
• Managing a strategic content calendar;
• Creating content for rollouts and rapid response opportunities, including clipping,
captioning, and posting committee remarks, ﬂoor speeches, and interviews;
• Managing and distributing daily clips with the help of interns;

•
•

Managing the Congresswoman’s website;
Assisting with drafting and circulating the Congresswoman’s newsletter, press
releases, statements, talking points, and speeches as needed.

This is not an entry-level position; at least 1 year of full-time, post-graduation
professional experience in digital communications or a related ﬁeld is required
(internships do not count toward this requirement). Candidates should be aware that
this position will require frequent evening and occasional weekend work. The Digital
Manager will report to the Communications Director based in Washington, D.C.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter (optional), photo sample, graphic sample,
and a short writing sample here. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis until the
morning of April 7th.

MEM-113-25
The U.S. House Committee on Foreign ATairs Majority seeks experienced export
controls professional with a background in legislative authorization processes. Primary
duties of the role will include day to day oversight of the Commerce Department’s Bureau
of Industry and Security and International Trade Administration. In addition, employee will
support overseeing and authorizing the State Department’s Bureau of South and Central
Asia and Public Diplomacy and Public A>airs (R) family. Candidates should have previous
foreign policy experience in the Legislative and/ or Executive branches.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
HFACGOP.Resumes@mail.house.gov, with the following subjective line: “HFAC SCA
Vacancy”

MEM-112-25
SCHEDULER & OPERATIONS COORDINATOR
OFFICE of CONGRESSMAN RO KHANNA
SUMMARY: Congressman Ro Khanna’s district o>ice in Santa Clara has an immediate
opening for a Scheduler & Operations Coordinator, which o>ers responsibility for a range of
scheduling, administrative, community outreach and casework duties. This is a nonsupervisory, exempt position. The starting salary is $71,000 per year. The application
process may include several interviews and a practical test of relevant skills. There is one
current job vacancy, and the o>ice has the right to ﬁll any number of positions vacant or
becoming vacant during the life of postings.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS

Scheduling and Operations Duties
• Coordinate with district o>ice and Washington DC sta> -- especially our Senior
Advisor for Scheduling (in DC) -- and directly with Rep. Khanna to set up, schedule
and facilitate the congressman’s meetings and engagements both in the
congressional district and across the country.
• Ensure all necessary information is on the calendar including ﬂights, hotels, and
background information on meetings, and provide a daily check on the calendar that
gets sent to the Chief, District Director and DC Senior Advisor for Scheduling.
• Work with fellow sta> members on a variety of tasks and projects that directly
beneﬁt our constituents.
• Prepare detailed daily itineraries, including contact information, locations, travel
times and sta>ing assignments for those activities.
• In real time, anticipate and stay up to date on schedule changes/obstacles and
communicate them to Rep. Khanna and sta>.
• Maintain prioritized listings of upcoming events and potential constituent meetings
for future visits.
• Serve as the default driver for Rep. Khanna when he is in the San Francisco Bay Area
and be physically present whenever the Member is in the o>ice.
• Perform administrative duties that facilitate logistical operations in the local o>ice,
such as overseeing equipment and supplies, assisting with o>ice administration, as
well as answering phones, logging calls and helping to serve walk-in constituents.
Community Outreach, Casework, General Duties
• The position also involves representing the Congressman in a variety of community
activities, including interacting with leaders of community groups and local
organizations, as well as local and state elected o>icials and stakeholders.
• The duties include special project coordination and helping the sta> team manage
monthly town hall meetings and special events hosted by the Congressman, such
as issues-based forums and roundtable meetings.
• Another secondary role will be casework, helping residents resolve problems with
federal government agencies, including US Citizenship & Immigration Services,
Department of State, Veterans A>airs and Social Security Administration. The sta>
member will liaison to federal agencies and state/local representatives and
responds to constituent inquiries through written and oral communication.
• The Scheduler & Operations Coordinator is expected to both work in the o>ice and
perform activities out in the community as outlined below under Work Conditions,
Schedule and Beneﬁts.
• The successful candidate will also help train and mentor student interns.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE): A bachelor’s degree with strong academic
credentials, or equivalent experience/training in legislation or public service (e.g.,
casework, constituent service, community outreach) is required.

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others (both co-workers and
constituents). Past customer service experience is strongly preferred.
• Strong oral and written communication skills, as well as public speaking
experience.
• Professional telephone manner and temperament to communicate with a variety of
personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
• Must have a driver’s license, ready access to a car and the ability to drive to both
sta> Rep. Khanna and perform ﬁeld work.
• Residency in the district is preferred, as is a knowledge of the region.
• Knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments; and awareness of
issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is involved.
• Thoroughness, organizational skills, and careful attention to detail.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities.
• Knowledge of o>ice policies, practices, and procedures; o>ice computer
applications; and proﬁciency in word processing.
WORK CONDITIONS, SCHEDULE and BENEFITS:
• The Scheduler & Operations Coordinator is a represented position, eligible to join
the Congressional Workers Union.
• The Scheduler & Operations Coordinator reports to the Director of Constituent
Services and works closely with the Senior Advisor for Scheduling, Operations and
Special Projects. The District O>ice is managed by the District Director and the
Chief of Sta>, or their designee.
• Work is mainly performed in an o>ice environment. Noise levels are usually low to
moderate. Sta> may have small workstations.
• Work schedule: The district o>ice functions on a hybrid basis, with each sta>
member expected to be based in the physical o>ice three days a week and allowed
to work from home two days a week. The o>ice is open 9:00am-5:00pm MondayFriday, with a full lunch hour. In addition, sta> are expected to be monitoring for any
scheduling issues that could arise outside of normal work hours. Commensurate
ﬂex time (time o> during the week) within proscribed standards will be granted upon
request.
• Beneﬁts: Sta> currently accrue 1.25 days of annual leave per month, which totals
15 days per year (6 of which may be carried over to the following year). 15 annual
Sick/Mental Health Days are granted at the start of each year. Flex time is also
allowed for necessities such as emergencies, medical appointments, short-term
needs, etc. Other beneﬁts include the opportunity to participate in group health
insurance, retirement savings, a potential annual bonus, etc.
TO APPLY: The O>ice of U.S. Congressman Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer;
we do not discriminate based on race, color, religion or lack thereof, national origin, sex,

gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital or family status, disability, arrest history,
military service, organizing activity, or any ground that is speciﬁcally prohibited by law or
regulation applicable to the O>ice; all are welcome and encouraged to apply. Note that all
successful candidates must meet citizenship-related requirements and undergo a security
check.
Please e-mail a cover letter, brief writing sample and resume to District Director Tom Pyke
(tom.pyke@mail.house.gov) and Director of Constituent Services Simeone Chien
(simeone.chien@mail.house.gov). Phone (408) 436-2720

MEM-111-25
District O>ice StaT Assistant, Rep. Dina Titus
Rep. Dina Titus seeks an organized and detail-oriented Sta> Assistant for her Las Vegas
o>ice. Primary responsibilities include managing the front o>ice, answering and logging
telephone calls, coordinating constituent requests, assisting with constituent
correspondence, recruiting and supervising interns, and other administrative duties.
Candidates should be motivated self-starters with excellent oral, written, and interpersonal
communication skills, strong organizational skills, an ability to think quickly when
troubleshooting, and a positive demeanor in a busy environment. State and local
government or other relevant experience is preferred.
Candidates with a diverse background, Nevada state ties, and Spanish-language
proﬁciency are strongly encouraged to apply. Rep. Titus is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
Those interested in applying should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and one short writing
sample to NV01Jobs@gmail.com subject: “District O>ice Sta> Assistant”. Applications will
be accepted on a rolling basis and will remain open until the position is ﬁlled.

MEM-110-25
Legislative Assistant, Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07)
Position Location: Washington, DC
The O>ice of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking an experienced
Senior Legislative Assistant to handle a comprehensive portfolio that could include
the following issues: tax, ﬁnancial services, housing, childcare, education, and

labor. The issue set will depend on the candidate’s experience and interests. We
encourage individuals with legislative, research and writing experience to apply
and we will discuss the issue set more in depth through the interview process.
This position requires the ability to advance Congresswoman Jayapal's legislative
priorities in their issue portfolio. The ideal candidate will come with previous
legislative experience, including the knowledge and abilities to drive issues with
traditional legislative tools (i.e. committee work, bill introductions) as well as
organizing tools (i.e. events with partners, in district town halls).
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Driving current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
• legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as
• speeches, policy memos, and factsheets;
• Preparing and sta>ing the Congresswoman for relevant committee hearing
• and markups; drafting hearing remarks and questions;
• Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
• Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal
• stakeholders including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow
• Congressional and Committee o>ices; and
• Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
• 4 -6 years of relevant experience including policy development and analysis;
• Issue advocacy; and strategic planning;
• Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
• Excellent writing and time management skills;
• Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
• appropriate for the o>ice;
• Poised, level-headed, ﬂexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
• Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
Compensation: Salary is $70,000 - 85,000 and will depend on experience. The
position o>ers health coverage; retirement beneﬁts with an employer match; paid
sick, bereavement, and vacation leave; transit or parking beneﬁts; access to life
insurance coverage; and access to the Student Loan Repayment Program.
The O>ice of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.

Applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and references
in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov. Please include your full name and
“ Senior Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-108-25
Digital Assistant
Location: Charleston, South Carolina
Republican member in Charleston, SC is seeking a motivated Digital Assistant to support
our digital communications e>orts. This role will involve engaging with constituents
through social media, assisting in content creation, and helping manage the o>ice's online
presence. The Digital Assistant will work closely with the Digital Director to ensure the
o>ice’s social media strategy aligns with our values and priorities, while fostering positive
engagement with the community.
Application Process:
To apply, please send your resume, a brief cover letter, and any relevant social media or
content samples to sydney.long@mail.house.gov.

MEM-107-25
Scheduler|Executive Assistant – Rep. Nanette Barragán (CA-44)
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced Scheduler for her
Washington, DC o>ice.
The salary range for this position is $55,000 - $80,000, depending on experience and
qualiﬁcations.
Main responsibilities include:
• maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term schedules for both DC and the
District;
• organizing and evaluating all incoming meeting requests and invitations;
• keeping the Member on schedule throughout the day;
• working with legislative and communications sta> to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings;
• coordinating travel arrangements;
• processing and managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member;
• supporting planning and scheduling for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus related
to the Chairwoman;
• Facilitate weekly scheduling meetings with the Member and Chief of Sta> to
evaluate meeting requests;

•
•
•
•

Coordinating with the Member and Chief of Sta> regarding political scheduling
requests;
Communicating with constituents by phone and email to address requests;
Driving the Member and sta>ing the Member at events;
And additional administrative responsibilities as necessary.

Candidates should be:
• highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task;
• resourceful and self-starters;
• team-oriented;
• proﬁcient in Microsoft Outlook, Word, and Excel;
• proﬁcient in Google Suite applications;
• able to work well under pressure and on tight timelines;
• and have a positive attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including some
weekend availability as needed.
Previous experience in scheduling or operations is preferred. Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Southern California | Los Angeles Metro area ties, access to a car, and Spanish ﬂuency are
a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The o&ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-106-25
Congressman Ted W. Lieu has an opening for a Field Representative and Constituent
Services Representative in his West Los Angeles District O>ice. Primary responsibilities
include assisting constituents with federal casework and representing Congressman Lieu
at community events and advising senior sta> and the Congressman about local concerns
and priorities. The sta> member will assist the Deputy District Director for Casework with
casework outreach, intake, and processing. Additionally, they will meet frequently with
constituents and local government representatives, monitor policy and community issues
and projects, and help the Deputy District Director for Outreach by designing and
organizing events for Congressman Lieu when he is in the district.

The successful applicant must have a positive attitude and the ability to work and set
priorities in a fast-paced and challenging environment. Strong writing and verbal
communications skills are essential. At least one year of experience working for an elected
o>icial or community-based organization is strongly preferred. A valid California Driver
License and automobile are required. Bilingual skills are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal beneﬁts and the sta> member will work full-time in
person at the District O>ice which is located in West Los Angeles. This o>ice is an Equal
Opportunity Employer.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, references and two short writing samples
no later than March 31, 2025 to:
NICOLAS RODRIQUEZ
Deputy Chief of Sta> - District Director
Congressman Ted W. Lieu (CA-36)
1645 Corinth Avenue, #101
Los Angeles, CA 90025
Lieu.Sta>@mail.house.gov

MEM-105-25
The O>ice of Congressional Conduct (OCC), an independent, non-partisan investigative
entity established by the United States House of Representatives, seeks an Investigative
Support Analyst with 2-6 years of experience. The Investigative Support Analyst provides
operational, administrative, and strategic support to the OCC in its sensitive inquiries into
allegations of possible violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current
Members, O>icers and Sta> of the House of Representatives.
The OCC is seeking candidates interested in supporting ethics and transparency within the
House of Representatives. The Investigative Support Analyst would join a small,
Washington, DC-based, investigative team.
The ideal candidate for this position is highly motivated and proactive with a signiﬁcant
interest in anti-corruption enforcement (or related disciplines). They should have
experience developing and implementing small-scale projects, using data analytics tools
to inform strategic decision making, and supporting executive leadership all with minimal
oversight.
Core Responsibilities:
• Assume primary responsibility for managing documentary evidence submitted to
the OCC from the public and in the course of its investigations;

•
•
•

Perform legal research, data analysis, and document review to support OCC
investigations;
Develop, manage, and implement key administrative, operational, and logistical
processes; and
Otherwise support OCC Investigative Counsel investigations as required.

Requirements:
• Bachelor’s degree;
• Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance and
U.S. Capitol Police Background Investigation; and
• At least two years of research, consulting, analyst, or other investigative experience.
Qualiﬁcations:
• Experience with Casepoint or other eDiscovery and litigation support platforms;
• Legal research skills;
• Strong organizational skills;
• Strong interpersonal skills and professionalism;
• Advanced proﬁciency in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word;
• Desirable but not required:
o Investigative experience with high-proﬁle and sensitive matters;
o Experience with campaign ﬁnance or ethics law;
o Experience writing reports or legal documents;
o Experience developing and improving business processes; and
o Experience using data analytics tools (i.e., Excel, Power Query, R, Python) for
investigative and exploratory analysis.
• Demonstrated ability to:
o Work independently or as part of an investigative team;
o Communicate technical ﬁndings to a non-technical audience;
o Manage multiple tasks and projects; and
o Exercise discretion and independent judgment.
Duties:
• Gather publicly available information/records related to potential new matters
and/or ongoing matters;
• Conduct ongoing research and case development projects;
• Support Investigative Counsels on cases to include:
o Reviewing documentary evidence;
o Reviewing transcripts for errors and redactions;
o Reviewing written work product;
• eDiscovery database management to include:
o Import/export evidence for internal review purposes and external transmittal
to the House Committee on Ethics;
o Bates stamp documents;

•
•
•
•

Prepare exhibits for ﬁnal reports;
Case records and ﬁle maintenance;
Supporting administrative functions directly related to investigations and serve as
backup for other administrative functions as needed; and
Other duties as required.

Applicant Instructions:
Please send a one-page cover letter and resume via email to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Sta> Director and Chief Counsel
O>ice of Congressional Conduct
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCCJOB@mail.house.gov
Applications submitted to anywhere other than the above email address may not be
reviewed.

MEM-104-25
House Committee on Veterans’ ATairs (Majority)
Healthcare Investigator
The House Committee on Veterans’ A>airs Majority sta> seeks a Healthcare Investigator
Core Responsibilities:
•

•
•
•

Under the supervision of the Sta> Director of the Subcommittee on Health, the
individual will conduct oversight of the Department of Veterans A>airs (VA) Veterans
Health Administration and a>iliated VA Central o>ice organizations
Collect technical information and translate it into brieﬁngs, memoranda, hearing
materials, and policy recommendations for a general audience.
Meet with congressional sta>, veteran service organizations, industry organizations,
and internal and external stakeholders.
Perform other duties as assigned by the General Counsel, Committee Deputy Sta>
Director, and Committee Sta> Director.

Qualiﬁcations:
•

Undergraduate degree or higher

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Clinical expertise preferred by not required
Work experience investigating an executive branch agency or healthcare system
Knowledge of healthcare policy and procedures for a large healthcare organization
Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
Excellent oral communication skills
Thoroughness and attention to detail
Discretion and sound judgment in formulating and recommending policy positions
Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and
courteous
Work independently as well as in teams
This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
Domestic travel is required.
This is not an entry level position.

Beneﬁts:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Sick and Annual Leave
Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
Thrift Savings Plan
Federal Employees Group Life Insurance Program
Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Federal Transit Beneﬁt or parking
Student Loan Repayment Program

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Transportation and all
related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume
to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Healthcare Investigator” in the subject line.
Writing samples and references may be requested. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-103-25
Health Policy Advisor/ Counsel – Congressman Vern Buchanan (FL-16)

Congressman Vern Buchanan (FL-16) is seeking an experienced Legislative staTer/
Health Care Specialist to oversee his Ways and Means Health Chair policy portfolio.
Qualiﬁed candidates will have several years of experience handling health policy in a
legislative role on the Hill, the Administration or in the private sector, as well as substantial
knowledge of legislative process and committee procedures. Strong research, writing and
communication skills are also a must. All resumes handled in strict conﬁdence. Title and
salary commensurate with experience.
Email resume and cover letter to: blake.nolan@mail.house.gov

MEM-100-25
Military Legislative Assistant (Rep. Tony Gonzales, TX-23)
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
1. to develop legislative initiatives related to a national security portfolio, including
cybersecurity, veterans, foreign a>airs, and armed services.
2. to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House ﬂoor;
3. to meet with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
1. at least 1 year of legislative experience in a full-time, paid position or legislative
fellowship
2. prior Capitol Hill experience is strongly preferred
3. excellent oral and written communication skills;
4. thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
5. ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
6. ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
7. ability to work well under pressure;
8. thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted in
subject line.

MEM-095-25
Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks an experienced Communications Director to join
his o>ice in Washington, D.C. The Communications Director will be responsible for
developing and executing a communications plan, writing press releases, statements, and
talking points, maintaining relationships and booking interviews with national and local
press outlets, pitching stories, responding to reporter inquiries, creating and posting social
media posts, compiling news clips, managing the Member’s website, assisting with the

o>ices’ outreach program, and managing a district based Press/Digital Assistant, and other
duties as assigned. The Communications Director is expected to advance press events and
sta> the Member as needed. The Communications Director will collaborate closely with
the Chief of Sta>, District Director, Legislative Director, and other sta> as appropriate.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have previous communications
experience, possess exceptional writing skills, be proﬁcient in photo and video editing and
graphic design tools, and be organized. Candidates should be detail-oriented and highly
motivated to serve on an active team. Ideal candidates will have experience working in a
fast-paced environment and are prepared to implement a communications plan.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Rhode Island ties are a plus.
The o>ice does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital
or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national
origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
RI01AmoJobs@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name – Communications
Director.”

MEM-088-25
Senior Auditor Information Systems
The Senior Auditor Information Systems is responsible for the day-to-day accomplishment
of assigned audit tasks required in evaluating information systems activities of the U.S.
House of Representatives (House). All work is performed in compliance with the O>ice of
Inspector General (OIG) Policies and Procedures Manual and appropriate professional
standards. All duties are performed in the highest ethical manner, while exhibiting the OIG
Core Values of Integrity, Excellence, and Innovation.
Major Duties:
- Independently plan and perform audit objectives for information systems audits,
including audits of general and application controls and information system management
processes.
- Independently conﬁgure, use and design tests for audit tools (i.e. software and/or
scripts); test systems for vulnerabilities; analyze the data produced; and translate that
data into validated audit issues.
- Independently perform assigned audit tasks including, collecting and analyzing relevant
documents/data and performing complex analysis to identify potential audit issues,
causes, and solutions.
- Assess the risk and signiﬁcance to House systems/operations of issues identiﬁed from
assigned audit objectives.
- Conduct meetings, interviews, and brieﬁngs.

- Produce work products to include audit work papers and brieﬁng documents.
- Brief supervisors on work performed, audit issues identiﬁed, and any unexpected delays
or problems.
- Stay apprised of current audit techniques, issues, and trends in information systems and
systems security.
- Identify potential audit areas for the IS Division as part of the annual audit planning
process and write corresponding fact sheets.
- Contribute to improving the IS Division and the OIG o>ice through e>orts such as
identifying and implementing new and improved processes, techniques, and tools;
proposing process changes needed to implement improvements; sharing knowledge; and
providing assistance.
Other Duties:
- Propose personal training and development plans.
- Provide assistance to contractors as assigned.
- Participate in special projects and other tasks as assigned.
Requirements of the Position and Additional Information:
· Education:
- An undergraduate degree in a relevant ﬁeld such as Information Technology or Computer
Science, Management Information Systems, Cybersecurity, Accounting or Business
Administration (with IT Focus), Data Analytics or Data Science.
- 24 semester hours of accounting (may include up to 6 semester hours in business law) is
required.
- An applicable graduate degree or one professional certiﬁcation is required. Qualifying
certiﬁcations include: CISA, CISSP, CIA, and CRISC.
· Experience:
- At least 5 years of experience performing information systems audits, including audits of
general controls, application controls, and information systems processes.
- Extensive experience and knowledge of information systems, information systems
auditing, information systems security, information systems management, computer
operating systems, network protocols, and audit tools and techniques.
· Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities
- Knowledge of government auditing standards.
- Knowledge of risk assessment concepts.
- Knowledge and understanding of work management concepts.
- Ability to work non-standard hours, as needed.
- Ability to switch job priorities; overcome obstacles.
- Communicate complex ideas/facts clearly in a well-organized manner and actively
listen.
- Examine situations using facts; draw unbiased conclusions.

- Ability to display understanding, courtesy, respect, and tact in various interactions;
establish and maintain positive working relationships, contribute to organizational
e>ectiveness, and implement conﬂict management.
- Collaborate with others, facilitate achievement of goals, and share information and
provide assistance in team e>orts.
- Apply skills, methods, and tools, gather and analyze data.
- Execute processes/procedures required by the OIG Policies and Procedures Manuals.
- Demonstrate initiative when opportunities are made available.
- Inﬂuence others to maximize e>orts towards achievement of a goal.
Pre-employment Criminal History Records Check and ﬁngerprinting is required.
Drug testing-designated position. Pre-employment drug screening is required.
Relocation expenses will not be paid.
How Resumes Will Be Ranked:
Candidates whose resumes indicate they meet the education and professional
certiﬁcation requirements, and who also possess the knowledge and experience as listed
in this announcement will be given preference.
Beneﬁts of Working at the House of Representatives:
1. General Beneﬁts - U.S. House of Representatives sta> are eligible to participate in the
various employee beneﬁts plans to which other federal employees are entitled. For
instance, Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts, Flexible Spending Account, Federal
Employees Life Insurance, Long-term Care Insurance, Thrift Savings Plan, Federal
Retirement Programs, etc.
Health Insurance: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/planinformation/plans/
Dental and Vision: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/dental-vision/
Flexible Spending Accounts: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/ﬂexiblespending-accounts/
Life Insurance: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/life-insurance/
Long-term Care: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/long-term-care/
Thrift Savings Plan: https://www.tsp.gov/index.html
Retirement Program: https://www.opm.gov/retirement-services
2. Leave accumulation. Prior federal service and work experience in a related ﬁeld are
considered when calculating an employee's rate of leave accumulation. (The Inspector
General has the discretion to grant credit to new employees, for leave accrual purposes,
for prior related non-federal work experience). All employees accumulate 12 days of sick
leave per year regardless of length of prior federal or non-federal service. Annual Leave is
calculated as follows:
- Less than 3 years of service/experience = 12 days annual leave per year
- Between 3 years and 6 years of service/experience = 18 days annual leave per year
- 6 or more years of service/experience = 24 days annual leave per year

3. Student Loan Repayment Program. Employees may be eligible for reimbursement of up
to $10,000 per year (with a maximum of $80,000 in total) for federally-backed student
loans.
4. Gym Membership. House employees are eligible for membership to the House Sta>
Fitness Center.
5. On-site daycare facility.
6. Flexible work schedule.
7. Eligibility for either free, on-site parking or an amount up to the Department of
Transportation monthly limit for mass transit beneﬁts.
Work Environment and Location:
The work is usually performed in an o>ice environment. Overnight travel is rare. The work
is primarily sedentary but there may be some walking in, to, and/or from House O>ice
Buildings, or other buildings and facilities of the Capitol Complex.
The O>icial Work Site for the OIG is the Capitol Complex, speciﬁcally the Ford House
O>ice Building. Telework/telecommuting may be available for sta>, depending on the
position and at the sole discretion of the IG, but only to the extent that the work is done
within the Greater Washington D.C., Maryland, and Virginia area.
ALL applicants must submit a resume and cover letter, on or before the closing date, that
clearly presents the applicant's knowledge, experience, and education to meet the
requirements of the position.
2) Submit your resume and cover letter via email to OIGResumes@mail.house.gov ONLY.
Reference our vacancy announcement ID, " IG-25-01 IS-HGOV”, in the Subject Line of your
email.
a. Do NOT send transcripts, copies of degrees or certiﬁcations, references, etc.
b. Do NOT send Veteran's preference* documents to the OIGResumes email address.
*FOR VETERAN'S PREFERENCE APPLICANTS ONLY: Hiring for this position is governed
by the Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA). Applicants who are seeking
consideration of veteran's preference should send a separate email directly to
Stanita.Thomas@mail.house.gov to request the form and instructions to apply for
veteran's preference in the U.S. House of Representatives. The completed veteran's
preference form and supporting documentation must be received by this o>ice on or
before the closing date of the vacancy announcement. For additional information on the
VEOA in the U.S. House of Representatives, please call Stanita Thomas at (202) 226-9210.
What To Expect:
When your email is received in the OIGResumes@mail.house.gov email inbox, the system
will generate an automated response acknowledging receipt of your email. Only
applicants selected for an interview will be contacted further.

Do NOT send resumes and cover letters or courtesy copies (cc) to
Stanita.Thomas@mail.house.gov.
U.S. citizens, nationals, or those that owe allegiance to the U.S are eligible to apply to this
posting. Other Requirements: Must be eligible for and maintain a minimum Secret security
clearance; Pre-employment Criminal History Records Check and ﬁngerprinting is required;
Drug testing-designated position. Pre-employment drug screening is required; and must
reside in or relocate to the Washington, D.C. area.
The O&ice of Inspector General is committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and
diverse work environment. All qualiﬁed candidates are encouraged to apply.
The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status),
sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin. Transportation and all
related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant. Moving and related relocation expenses are not available. Continued
employment with the Inspector General of the House of Representatives is contingent
upon satisfactorily completing a criminal history records check. Employment with the U.S.
House of Representatives is at-will.
NOTE: To be employed by a House o&ice in a paid position in the continental United States
an individual must:
1. Be a U.S. citizen;
2. Be lawfully admitted for permanent residence and seeking citizenship as outlined in 8
U.S.C. § 1324b(a)(3)(B);
3. Be (i) admitted as a refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157 or granted asylum under 8 U.S.C. §
1158 and (ii) have ﬁled a declaration of intention to become a lawful permanent resident
and then a citizen when eligible; or
4. Owe allegiance to the U.S. (i.e., qualify as a non-citizen U.S. national under federal law).
This is a Legislative Branch appointment. A current U.S. Federal employee selected for
hire from another branch (Executive, Judicial) of the U.S. Federal government must resign
from Federal service in their current branch to be appointed to a position in the Legislative
branch.

MEM-082-25
Field Representative
O>ice of Congressman Greg Steube (FL-17)
Location: Sarasota, Florida
Salary Range: $55,000 - $75,000 (commensurate with experience)
SUMMARY:

The Field Representative serves as a liaison between Congressman Steube and
constituents, including municipal, county, state, and federal entities, non-proﬁts, and
businesses. This role represents the Congressman at community events, facilitates
casework, and monitors district issues. The ideal candidate should have a strong
understanding of congressional operations and established ties to Southwest Florida.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
• Represent the Congressman at community events and meetings in Florida’s 17th
District, serving as the primary point of contact for local governments,
organizations, and stakeholders.
• Act as a liaison between constituents and the DC o>ice to facilitate federal policy
needs, funding opportunities, and legislative solutions.
• Manage constituent casework, monitor district issues, and support policy
discussions to ensure local concerns are e>ectively communicated and addressed
at the federal level.
• Assist with core district o>ice projects, including Service Academy Nominations
and the Congressional App Challenge.
• Occasionally answer o>ice phones and oversee junior sta> and interns.
• Maintain and update records using the o>ice’s constituent relationship
management system (IQ).
• Work ﬂexible hours, including nights and weekends.
• Perform other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Education: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution.
• Experience: Minimum of 2 years, with strong academic credentials.
• Skills & Knowledge:
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Understanding of the legislative process and government agencies.
• Knowledge of district issues and events.
• Ability to manage multiple priorities and work under pressure.
• Proﬁciency in o>ice software and database management.
• Strong organizational skills and ability to exercise discretion in casework.
Please send resumes to ﬂoridarepublicanjobs@gmail.com

MEM-523-24
The Democratic Staff of the House Budget Committee and Ranking Member Brendan F.
Boyle (PA-02) seek a creative and detail-oriented Digital Assistant to support digital
communications and public engagement efforts. This position will be split between the
committee office and personal office and will be based out of Washington D.C.

This position involves creating and scheduling content for social media platforms,
maintaining the committee’s website, producing multimedia materials (graphics, videos,
and infographics), and monitoring digital analytics to optimize outreach. The ideal
candidate will have 1-3 years of experience in digital communications, social media
management, or a similar role (Hill or campaign experience preferred), proficiency with
design and editing tools (e.g., Adobe Creative Suite, Canva), strong writing and editing
skills, and a passion for progressive policymaking.
Candidates should be highly organized, comfortable working under tight deadlines, and
familiar with social media analytics and website content management systems. A
bachelor’s degree in communications, political science, or a related field is preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and the position includes a competitive benefits
package.
This office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values mentorship and
professional development; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status. Candidates with diverse backgrounds,
women, people of color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, email a cover letter, resume, three examples of digital content, and contact
information for three references to budget-democrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with the
subject line: "[Name] – Digital Assistant Application." Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis.

MEM-517-24
Congresswoman Susie Lee (D-NV) seeks a highly organized, good-humored, hard-working
DC Scheduler to develop, coordinate, and manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and
long-term schedule and logistics in DC. The DC Scheduler will report to the Chief of Staff
and work closely with the Member, DC staff, and District staff, including a District-based
scheduler responsible for in-district scheduling. This is not an entry-level role; prior
scheduling experience is preferred, and salary will be commensurate with experience.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and
scheduling requests, coordinating travel for the Member, compiling the Congresswoman’s
nightly briefing materials, and managing office operations, including but not limited to
facilitating Member meetings and calls, coordinating internal and external events,
assisting with onboarding and training for staff and interns, and other administrative
duties. Responsibilities will also include providing staffing support, including driving the
Congresswoman as needed. Strong candidates will be creative problem solvers, have
excellent attention to detail, communicate succinctly and effectively, and thrive in a fastpaced work environment. The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under

pressure, and the flexibility to be responsive to urgent scheduling needs on nights and
weekends.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Candidates should submit in PDF format a resume, cover letter, and three references
(including name, title and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the
candidate) to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name – DC
Scheduler.”

