Member and Committee Openings
Week of July 21, 2025
MEM-246-25
The office of Congressman Pat Ryan seeks a scheduler:
The role will work closely with the Chief of Staff to maintain the short- and long-term
schedules for the Member in DC and the Hudson Valley. Primary scheduling
responsibilities include exercising sharp judgment in granting scheduling requests,
responding to all meeting requests promptly and politely, and keeping events and
meetings within designated timeframes.
Duties include:
-Resourcing the Member with proper briefing materials, ensuring that the Member is
properly staffed for meetings and events,
-Serving as a liaison for the Member with the staff, public, Committees, and other
Members of Congress
-Assisting with event planning, coordinating and booking travel,
-Leading scheduling meetings and updating staff on the Member’s schedule,
-Additional duties as assigned by the Member or Chief of Staff
Overall goals include ensuring that the Member’s messaging and mission are reflected in
his schedule and itinerary. This position requires flexible hours, adaptability, ability to
skillfully and effectively communicate, and superior organizational skills.
The pay range for the position is $60,000 - $75,000 a year. This is not an entry-level
position. Ideal candidates will have previous experience working in operational roles on
Capitol Hill or on political campaigns. Preference given to candidates with Hudson Valley
or New York ties. This position is part of the senior staff team and reports to the Chief of
Staff.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.

To apply, please send your resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF to
ny18resumes@mail.house.gov with the job title in the subject line and your full name (e.g.:
“Scheduling Role - First Last). Applicants will be evaluated on a rolling basis.

MEM-245-25
Speechwriter
The House Appropriations Committee Minority seeks an experienced Speechwriter.
Competitive candidates will possess the ability to write clearly, persuasively, and
concisely. Candidates should have the flexibility to work under tight deadlines and write
about a wide range of topics. In this position, creativity and collaboration are as vital as
attention to detail and capturing Ranking Member Rosa DeLauro’s voice.
The ideal candidate has extensive communications experience, with a preference for
candidates with knowledge of the Appropriations process. Responsibilities include, but
are not limited to:
-Managing the production of all oral statements and op-eds for the Ranking Member and
assisting other Members of the Committee.
-Collaborating with the Communications Director, committee staff, and the Ranking
Member’s personal office to produce robust speeches with approved messaging, as well
as well-sourced facts and figures, and moving stories.
-Writing statements, speeches, op-eds, talking points, messaging guidance, fact sheets,
newsletters, and social media copy.
-Executing other press responsibilities including compiling the morning clips, sending out
press releases in a timely manner, managing the press list, updating the website, and other
duties as assigned.
Beyond these duties, there is room for candidates to explore other interests including the
creation of graphics, videos, and other digital material. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three professional references, and two
relevant writing samples to AppropsDemJobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject
line: [Full Name] – Speechwriter

MEM-244-25
Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full-time Staff Assistant in her
Washington, DC office to start in the beginning of September 2025. This role provides a
unique entry level opportunity to work closely with a prominent Member of Congress. The
staff assistant reports to the scheduler and chief of staff, and responsibilities include

driving the Member, helping execute her daily schedule, providing logistical support for
events and meetings, managing the front office and the internship program, coordinating
tours and constituent requests, processing incoming phone calls, mail, and other
inquiries, providing operational, administrative, and technology support for the office and
staff, and performing other duties as assigned.
Applicants should be detail-oriented, proactive, calm under pressure, able to exercise
discretion, eager to work in a fast-paced office, and willing to work flexible—and
sometimes long—hours when the Member is in DC. Strong communication, logistical,
interpersonal, and organizational skills are essential. Applicants must have a valid driver’s
license, a clean driving record, and should be comfortable driving in DC. Access to a
personal car is preferred, although not required.
TO APPLY: please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (maximum of 1-2 pages),
and two reference contacts (name, title, email, phone, and relationship) in a single pdf file
to Daniel.Robillard@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant: Your name
(First/Last)” No calls or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer and
encourages all qualified candidates to apply. Connecticut ties are a plus.

MEM-243-25
Press Secretary|Digital Director - Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44)
Location: Washington, DC
Salary Range: $60-70,000 based on experience
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a Press Secretary|Digital Director to
join our communications team. The Press Secretary|Digital Director will work under the
office’s Communications Director to carry out the Congresswoman’s communications
and outreach strategy. Ideal candidates are motivated self-starters, detail-oriented, highly
organized, possess problem solving skills, thrive in a very fast-paced environment - and be
willing to work extended hours and oftentimes under tight time constraints. Interested
applicants are encouraged to apply by 15 August 2025.
Key Responsibilities
-Work with the Communications Director to build and maintain the Congresswoman’s
brand.
-Develop and manage digital content across platforms (Facebook, Instagram, X, Bluesky,
and YouTube). Support the office’s social media strategy by drafting social media posts
and producing video and graphic materials.
-Update and manage the official website.
-Monitor national and local media coverage, as well as social media trends.
-Clip and caption TV appearances, floor speeches, long and short form videos, and more.

-Draft and edit press releases, advisories, franked communications, and other
communications materials as assigned
-Help plan and execute press events, interviews, and digital outreach.
-Maintain press contact lists and support external communications efforts.
Qualifications
-Strong writing, editing, and strategic messaging skills
-Skilled in Canva, Adobe Suite, or similar platforms
-Media relations success and ability to assist with communications in a fast-paced
environment
-Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus
-Fluency in Spanish is a plus
-Must be a collaborative, high-energy team player committed to advancing the office’s
mission and responsive to emerging priorities.
TO APPLY: Send (1) Cover Letter, (2) Resume, (3) 2 writing samples of 500 words or less, (4)
digital/photographic portfolio, and (5) and three references - including name, title,
organization, contact details, and your relationship. Please send all materials to
CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov with “CA44 Press Secretary” in the Subject Line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-242-24
VIDEOGRAPHER AND DIGITAL EDITOR
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Ranking Member Robert Garcia Seeks
Videographer and Digital Editor:
Ranking Member Robert Garcia of the House Committee on Oversight and Government
Reform has an immediate need to hire a creative, organized, detail-oriented, individual to
serve as videographer to assist the team with content creation on a fast-paced, highly
collaborative communications team and the ability to work efficiently under tight
deadlines and produce high-quality, quick-turnaround content. Interested applicants are
encouraged to submit a resume, a writing sample, and three video work products to
oversightjobs@mail.house.gov and OversightPress@mail.house.gov with “Videographer
and Digital Editor” in the subject line by August 1, 2025, at midnight. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis. No calls or walk-ins please.
Position Overview:

Creating rapid response and long-form video content to support the office’s messaging
and engagement strategy. This individual will need to accompany the Ranking Member to
events and hearings. They will identify opportunities for effective storytelling and dynamic
video content to maximize audience engagement. Individual responsibilities include the
ability to operate, maintain, and transport video equipment, creating proprietary, and
engaging video content that reflects the Committee’s vision and priorities that will amplify
the Democratic Oversight Committee and its members.
The individual selected will have strong videography, photography, and video editing skills
as well as the ability to translate complex issues and topics for audiences across social
media platforms.
This position is based in Washington, D.C. and reports to the Communications Director.
The position may require work outside standard office hours. This is not an entry level
position. Qualified candidates will have at least 1 year of videography
experience. Applicants should also have experience with Adobe programs (Photoshop,
Canva, Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro, Audition, and After Effects) and a working
knowledge of HTML. The ability to work well with others, manage competing priorities, and
turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines are a must.
The salary will be commensurate with experience. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual
orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-240-25
Job Title: Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent
Status: Full Time, In-Person
Location: Washington, D.C.
Reports to: Deputy Chief of Staff and Chief of Staff
Deadline to Apply: Friday, July 25, 5:00 p.m. ET
Summary
Rep. Joe Courtney is hiring a Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent to support a highperforming mail operations program, which sent more than 12,000 letters in 2024. This
fast-paced, collaborative position will work with teams in both the DC and District offices
to implement a robust and proactive constituent correspondence program and perform
general administrative duties to support overall office operations.
Essential strengths of ideal candidates include excellent written and oral communication
skills; a friendly, professional demeanor, strong writing and research skills, including the
ability to quickly synthesize new legislative issues, and the ability to exercise sound
professional judgement and discretion.

Job Responsibilities:
• Track incoming constituent inquiries via phone and email
• Draft and send timely responses to constituent questions on legislative issues and
conduct research to inform responses
• Staff the front office and greet visitors
• Coordinate U.S. Capitol and White House tours for constituents
• Ensure the office is stocked with essential supplies
• Manage special projects as assigned
Required Qualifications:
• Strong interpersonal skills, as this role is regularly in contact with the public
• The ability to multitask, and a proven capacity to self-manage multiple projects at once.
• Strong organizational skills, including good digital hygiene and the ability to manage large
data sets
• Familiarity with the IQ system, or other constituent management systems
• Hill experience as an intern or Staff Assistant
• Ties to Connecticut or New England are a plus—but not required.
Salary and Benefits
The salary for this position is $50,000- 55,000 annually.
The Office offers excellent benefits, including employer paid health, dental and vision
insurance for employees and their family, Student Loan Repayment Benefits, and
employer contributions to retirement savings plan.
Equitable/Inclusionary Hiring Practices
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
How to Apply: Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples to CT02Job@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent” by Friday, July 25, 2025.

MEM-238-25
SUMMARY:
The office of Congresswoman Debbie Dingell seeks a Field Representative/Digital
Assistant for Michigan’s 6th Congressional District. This position will support the
Congresswoman in building and maintaining relationships with local elected officials and
community members in Ypsilanti and Western Wayne, keeping up to date on local issues
and projects and frequently staffing the Member while she’s in district. The position will
cover: Augusta Township, Belleville, Pittsfield Township, Superior Township, Van Buren

Township, York Township, Ypsilanti City, and Ypsilanti Township. This position will also
support the Congresswoman’s communications by creating district-wide content for the
office’s social media platforms, website, e-newsletter, and other digital properties.
REPORTS TO: District Director and Communications Director
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Acts as the representative for the Member within an area of responsibility including
meeting and communicating with constituents;
Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups to form
effective relationships for the Member;
Monitors and updates the Member and District Director on district and local issues by
reading local news outlets and completing regular check-in calls and meetings with
community leaders, businesses, organizations, and stakeholders;
Keeps an up-to-date calendar of community events occurring in assigned areas;
Plans meetings and events for the Member in their respective areas;
Tracks and reports on major projects happening in their areas;
Prepares weekly reports for the District Director on district activities in their assigned issue
areas;
Regularly staffs Member at community events, both in-person and virtually;
Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
Maintains a strong working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
Works quickly and accurately in a fact-paced environment under tight deadlines;
Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends as needed; and
Captures high-quality photo and video content from district events;
Manages live streams at events including roundtables and town halls;
Edits photos, videos, and other content for social media;
Coordinates closely with DC communications team to elevate the Congresswoman’s
messaging;
Performs other duties as assigned
QUALIFICATIONS:
Knowledge and pre-determined relationships with local community preferred;
Strong oral and written communication skills;
Thorough knowledge of legislative process;
Prior digital experience including photography, videography, and livestreaming is strongly
preferred;
Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Skill in organizing and prioritizing work tasks and activities;
Ability to work well under pressure; and
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
TIME EXPECTATIONS & COMPENSATION

This position is full time and includes a competitive salary and benefits package including
health care and employer contributions to a retirement savings plan.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit their application materials including a resume, cover
letter, references, one writing sample, and digital samples or portfolio to
Dingell.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Field Representative/Digital Assistant” in the subject
line.

MEM-234-25
Congressman Seth Moulton is hiring a Communications Director based in his D.C. office.
Key Responsibilities:
The Communications Director is the on-the-record spokesperson and advisor on national
and local communications strategy. The person hired for this role will report to the Deputy
Chief of Staff of Policy and Messaging and will manage an aggressive, proactive
communications shop. The Communications Director cultivates and maintains personal
relationships with members of the local, state, national, and online media and content
generators; books and manages television, digital and print interviews; proactively
conceptualizes, drafts, pitches, and places timely media pieces; and oversees the
creation of all electronic communications, press releases, talking points, statements, and
speeches. The Communications Director must be comfortable giving regular, direct critical
feedback to the Member.
Key Qualifications:
The person who fills the role should be a creative thinker who thrives under the pressure of
tight deadlines and breaking news. Candidates should be comfortable with ever-shifting
deadlines; be detail-orientated; and willing to work varied and unpredictable hours that
often change with the news cycle and routinely include fielding press inquiries after hours,
on weekends, and during holidays. The successful candidate will have a dedication to
public service and an appreciation for the work of the office.
The successful candidate will have:
Significant professional experience in public relations, journalism, public affairs or
political communications
A history of providing media training and communications advice to a principal
The ability to effectively communicate in the voice of the principal
A professional track record of successfully creating and implementing communications

strategies that span several forms of media
Strong journalistic writing skills and experience with AP Style
Demonstrated ability to assess news value
Proven experience in new media (podcasts, social media influencer outreach, etc) or a
strong interest and willingness to adapt quickly
Experience planning events and campaigns that generate news
Experience managing a small team
Experience or an interest in mentoring and developing high-performing junior staff
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, writing samples, and two
references to: MA06.Resumes@mail.house.gov by 5pm on July 29, 2025.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are
strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-230-25
Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full time Outreach
Coordinator/Press Secretary (OC/PS), to be based in the New Haven office. plays a key
role in two critical areas: Community Outreach and District Media Relations. Reporting to
the District Director and Communications Director, the OC/PS keeps the Member and
senior staff informed on local issues, while serving as the lead on all district press
operations and outreach efforts. This includes engaging with constituents, maintaining
strong relationships with key community stakeholders, and organizing local media
events. The balance of work will shift depending on the Member’s schedule. The salary
range is $60-70,000.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume and two writing samples
to CT03jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-228-25
Congresswoman Madeleine Dean (PA-04) is hiring a full-time Staff/Digital Assistant in her
Washington, DC office. The staff assistant will work closely with the Chief of Staff,
Communications Director, and the Director of Operations.
The ideal candidate has superb organizational and problem-solving skills, impeccable
attention to detail, strong time and project management skills, a good sense of humor, a
heart for public service, and a desire to be part of a highly-collaborative, high-achieving
team.
Responsibilities:
• Managing the front office and welcoming constituents and other visitors;
• Processing incoming mail, phone calls, and constituent requests including tours
and flags;

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Managing the intern program;
Providing administrative support for the office including support for events;
Proactively creating videos, graphics, and other digital content that is compelling,
engaging, on-brand, and error-free;
Proactively drafting content in the voice of the Congresswoman each day in addition
to quickly responding to breaking news and Capitol Hill and district developments;
Taking photos and videos of the Congresswoman at events and in meetings;
Managing a strategic content calendar;
Creating content for rollouts and rapid response opportunities, including clipping,
captioning, and posting committee remarks, floor speeches, and interviews;
Compiling and distributing daily press clips;
Other duties assisting the staff and Member as assigned.

Applicants should be detail-oriented, proactive, calm under pressure, able to exercise
discretion, eager to work in a fast-paced office, and willing to work flexible hours when the
Member is in DC. A Capitol Hill internship and Pennsylvania ties are desired but not
required.
To Apply:
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, digital/content sample, and two
reference contacts in a single pdf file to pa04applications@gmail.com with the subject line
“Staff/Press Assistant: [Your name (First/Last)]
Applications are due July 18, 2025. The office will contact the best qualified candidates to
begin our interview process on a rolling basis. Please, no phone calls or drop ins.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-227-25
Rep. Madeleine Dean (PA-04) seeks a Legislative Assistant with strong oral and written
communication skills to join her DC office. The Legislative Assistant will assist with the
Congresswoman’s work on the Appropriations Committee and lead a diverse portfolio of
issues including Agriculture, Energy & Water, Interior, Environment, Military Construction,
Veterans Affairs, Education, and Social Security. This person will also be responsible for
overseeing other issue areas as assigned and will work in coordination with the Member’s
Legislative Director and Chief of Staff to advance the Congresswoman’s legislative goals.
Job Duties:
• Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for committee hearings and markups
including proposing strategic approaches, drafting remarks and questions,
understanding issues sufficiently to respond to questions;

•

•
•
•

•

Advancing current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation, building
support, legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as
speeches, policy memos, and factsheets;
Developing expertise in new issue areas as they arise;
Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and
Committee offices; and
Carrying out additional duties as required.

Requirements:
• A strong policy background within the portfolio;
• A team player and a self-starter;
• Strong written and verbal communication skills;
• Previous Capitol Hill experience or policy experience
• Strong understanding of the legislative process and coalition building;
• Ability to maintain strategic relationships with constituent organizations;
• Comfortable managing multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment.
Preferences:
• Appropriations experience
• 3+ years of work experience
• A demonstrated interest in public service
To Apply:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, writing sample, and
references to PA04applications@gmail.com with the subject line “Legislative Assistant [applicant’s last name]” The application deadline is 7/18/25. The office will contact the
best qualified candidates to begin our interview process on a rolling basis. Please, no
phone calls or drop ins.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-224-25
SUMMARY:
Congresswoman Madeleine Dean seeks a caseworker for her District Offices. This
position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for the member and
constituents and answers casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
mdeanhiring@gmail.com

Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
· Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility including
answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal communications
with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
· Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned
issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents;
· Handles federal casework assignments related to, but not limited to, veterans’ issues,
service academy nominations, social security, USPS, as well as state and local casework
assignments;
· Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Legislative Director;
· Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other staff members or other state or
local offices;
· Logs all casework and miscellaneous correspondence in office casework system;
· Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district activities
in his or her assigned issue areas;
· Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure that their
cases are handled in a responsive manner;
· Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of importance to the
office;
· Assists staff in executing annual Service Academy Nomination process;
· Attends veterans and military events across district;
· Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
· Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
· Accepts performance based criticism and directions;
· Works well under pressure and handles stress;
· Adapts to fast-paced, dynamic environment;
· Performs other duties as assigned.
Requirements and Skills Preferred:
Customer Service experience preferred
Office experience preferred
Excellent organizational skills
Ability to meet deadlines and complete projects in a timely manner
Ability to exercise discretion and judgment in the representation of the member's position
on policy issues
Flexibility to work occasional evenings and weekends as needed
Excellent organizational skills
Additional skills a plus:
Bi-Lingual English/Spanish
Knowledge of Avaya phone systems;
Works well under pressure and handle stress;

Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
Experience in government or community organizations;
Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
Knowledge of MS Office computer applications; and
Familiarity with constituent tracking program IQ a plus.
The office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate based on race,
religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family
status, or military status.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $53,000.00 - $60,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Ability to commute/relocate:
Pottstown, PA 19464 and Glenside, PA 19038: Reliably commute or planning to relocate
before starting work (Required)
Work Location: Glenside, PA and Pottstown, PA

MEM-223-25
The Office of Representative Tom Suozzi seeks a Staff Assistant for the Washington, DC
office. Candidates should possess sharp attention to detail, excellent video editing and
graphic design skills, strong driving skills, and be a team player with a positive attitude. The
successful candidate will have strong interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate
clearly in a fast-paced environment and work effectively with teams in both the DC and

district offices. New York ties are preferred.
This entry-level role serves as an integral member of the DC team. Responsibilities include,
but are not limited to, managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests,
answering phones, conducting tours, overseeing the intern program, image and video
editing, driving, and other duties as assigned. A valid U.S. driver’s license and a clean
driving record are required for the position, but owning or having access to a car is not
required.
This is a full-time position. Candidates of all educational backgrounds are encouraged to
apply. The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. No phone calls or
drop-ins please.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter, and digital video and graphic
design portfolio to NY03.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last name – Staff
Assistant.” Starting salary for this position is $45,000 and is eligible for retirement benefits
with an employer match, student loan repayment assistance and transit or parking
benefits.

MEM-216-25
The Press Assistant/Digital Content Manager is responsible for advancing
Congresswoman Suzanne Bonamici’s priorities to help the people of NW Oregon by
developing and deploying digital media content and engaging with local journalists. They
will be based in Oregon and report to the Communications Director, based in DC, and the
District Director, also based in Oregon.
Essential Job Functions:
• Draft engaging social media posts that promote progressive values and make complex
policy topics easy to digest;
• Develop and edit videos, graphics, and photos for social media, email, and the website;
• Coordinate digital communications with constituents, advocacy groups, and other
private or public entities;
• Assist in the production, editing, coordination, and promotion of in person and virtual
meetings and events;
• Develop and pitch creative ideas/content to highlight the Congresswoman’s priorities, indistrict meetings, events, and more;
• Staff the Congresswoman at in-person events and help coordinate media coverage,
including capturing video, audio, photos;
• Aid Communications Director in responding to media inquiries and pitching events to
print, TV, radio, and online media outlets;

• Help draft press releases, quotes, video scripts, newsletters, remarks and other
materials;
• Update and manage content on the Congresswoman’s website;
• Other duties as assigned.
Education/Experience:
• Completion of a four-year college degree is preferred
• 1+ year experience working in a digital media, journalism, or public relations role
Skills and Knowledge Required:
• Advanced communication and editing skills, dedicated attention to detail, and
receptiveness to a collaborative multi-step review process;
• Willingness to respond to constructive feedback and incorporate into future work;
• Ability to work closely with the Congresswoman, staff, and stakeholders;
• Proficiency in graphic design and video editing (knowledge of the Adobe Suite preferred);
• Experience managing branded Facebook, Instagram, Bluesky, and YouTube accounts;
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with tight deadlines, multi-task, prioritize
assignments, and quickly adapt to changing news cycle;
• Experience interacting with journalists to cover/pitch events;
• Spanish language skills a plus
Working Conditions:
• Work is mainly performed in an office environment. The Press Assistant/Digital Content
Manager will also frequently staff the Congresswoman at events in district;
• Ability to work in an open office environment without an expectation of privacy;
• Willingness to work irregular hours including evenings and weekends.
To apply please email (1) a cover letter describing your interest in and qualifications for this
position; (2) a current resume, and (3) a sample of your digital media work to:
natalie.crofts@mail.house.gov
This is an immediate opening and the position will remain open until filled. The starting
salary is $58,000 to $60,000 annually based on experience, plus federal benefits, and
federal student loan repayment.

MEM-212-25
Staff Director, Subcommittee Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
Core Responsibilities:
• Serve as the principal advisor to the full Committee Chairman, subcommittee
Chairman, and Republican Members for issues under the jurisdiction of the
Subcommittee.

•
•

•

•

•

•

•
•

Provide in-depth policy analysis and political strategy for issues that fall under the
jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
Lead and supervise the implementation of the Subcommittee’s legislative initiatives
including the formulation, drafting, introduction, passage, negotiation, and
enactment of all legislation under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
Plan for and supervise the Subcommittee staff in the organization of, and
preparation for, hearings, to include but not limited to, the determination of the
agenda, briefing of witnesses and Members, and drafting remarks and questions for
the Chairman.
Conduct informational and oversight meetings with Administration officials,
including Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and other agencies, Veteran Service
Organizations, non-profit organizations, industry experts, and veterans on all issues
under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
Plan and supervise implementation of the Subcommittee’s oversight agenda of
issues within its jurisdiction, including sending requests for information, writing
oversight letters, conducting oversight visits, reviewing document productions,
cultivating sources of information, determining the veracity of information received,
and other oversight measures, as needed.
Build relationships with internal and external partners, including Veteran Service
Organizations, member offices, industry, and contacts within VA and other
government agencies to promote and enact the legislative and oversight agenda of
the Subcommittee, and that of the full Committee Chairman.
Represent and discuss the full Committee or Subcommittee Chairman’s views at
various conferences and speaking events.
Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staw
Director, or Deputy Staw Director; as needed.

Minimum Qualifications:
• Bachelor of Arts or Science
• This is not an entry level position.
• At least ﬁve to seven years of relevant policy or oversight experience. Experience on
Capitol Hill or knowledge of veteran policy is desired but other experience will be
considered.
Required Skills:
• Ability to lead and mentor Subcommittee staw
• Team oriented
• Ability to establish working relationships
• Strong writing and editing skills
• Problem solving
• Strong verbal communication
• Ability to work well under pressure
• Attention to detail

Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
• Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with
the interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, three professional
references to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “DAMA Staff Director” in the subject
line. In your cover letter please indicate what you believe are the three most pressing
challenges facing the Department of Veterans Affairs. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-201-25
The Committee on Ways and Means, U.S. House of Representatives, seeks
applications to fill a Trade Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
The position entails: arranging and staffing hearings; legislative drafting; providing expert
legal analysis; negotiating and corresponding with Executive agencies; and conducting
oversight and investigative activities.
Candidates for the position must be graduates of an accredited law school and members
in good standing of a state or the District of Columbia Bar. Candidates must be a U.S.
citizen and have at least five years of direct litigation experience. Exceptional legal
research and writing skills are required.
Candidates must be able to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance.
Previous federal government experience is preferred with a specific background in
customs law, trade remedies, sanctions, investment law, intellectual property rights, labor
law, environmental law, or human rights.

Applicants must be able to travel internationally. Candidates with an ability to converse in
French or Spanish is highly desirable.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and references to
WMDemTradeSubmissions@mail.house.gov.
This position closes on July 28, 2025.

MEM-200-25
Senior Field Representative & Caseworker
Oakland, CA
The Senior Field Representative and Caseworker serves as a key liaison between the
Congresswoman and her constituents, managing casework and ensuring effective
communication within the district. This position involves handling constituent inquiries,
collaborating with local, state, and federal agencies, and assisting in the identification of
legislative needs based on constituent concerns. The Senior Field Representative and
Caseworker will also participate in district/stakeholder meetings, provide regular updates
to the Congresswoman and District Director on casework trends, and work to build and
maintain strong relationships with community stakeholders and government officials.
Key Responsibilities:
• Act as one of the Congresswoman’s primary representatives in the district,
managing casework and responding to constituent inquiries.
• Serve as a liaison between constituents and federal, state, and local agencies,
ensuring timely resolutions to casework issues.
• Provide regular updates to the Congresswoman, Chief of Staw, and District Director
on local developments, media trends, and constituent concerns.
• Organize, attend and monitor district/stakeholder meetings, ensuring ewicient
coordination and communication between the Congresswoman and constituents.
• Identify legislative issues arising from casework, and collaborate with the District
Director to assess and recommend potential actions.
• Foster strong relationships with local, state, and federal owicials, community
leaders, and organizations to enhance the Congresswoman’s outreach eworts.
• Work ewectively under pressure, managing competing priorities and maintaining
professionalism in a fast-paced environment.
• Maintain a ﬂexible work schedule, including availability for long hours, evening, and
weekend events.
• Perform additional duties as assigned by the Congresswoman, Chief of Staw, or
District Director.
Skills and Qualifications:

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Strong oral and written communication skills, with the ability to ewectively
communicate with diverse stakeholders.
At least 3+ years of experience handling Federal casework; Extensive knowledge of
local, state, and federal agencies and their processes.
Understanding of the issues and events awecting the district, particularly those
within the Congresswoman’s focus areas.
Ability to manage multiple priorities, demonstrate attention to detail, and maintain
conﬁdentiality.
Strong interpersonal skills and a professional demeanor when engaging with
constituents, colleagues, and public owicials.
Ability to work independently and exercise discretion in casework management.
Proﬁciency with owice practices, procedures, and computer applications.
Bilingual proﬁciency (Spanish, Mandarin, or Cantonese) is a plus.

Working Conditions and Other Job Requirements:
• Reports directly to District Director.
• Works during business hours (9-5 p.m.), with the ability to work a ﬂexible schedule
that may include long hours, nights and weekends as assigned.
• Primary duty station is in the owice, with travel throughout the District to perform
driving duties and attend events as assigned.
• Due to the nature of constituent services work, telework is limited and provided on a
case-by-case basis.
Salary Range : $70,000-$75,000
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.
To apply please submit a cover letter and resume to ca12ls.jobs@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Application for Senior Field Rep & Caseworker Position”

MEM-198-25
Immigration Caseworker – Rep. Dina Titus
The Office of Congresswoman Dina Titus seeks an organized and detail-oriented
caseworker for her Las Vegas office.
An ideal candidate must possess time management skills and the ability to multitask in a
fast-paced environment. The caseworker will be responsible for handling immigration
casework and correspondence and serving as a liaison with federal, state, and local

agencies. This person will process casework assignments and assess casework
challenges requiring action from the Office. Additionally, this individual will continuously
screen active cases and maintain correspondence with constituents to ensure that their
cases are handled in a responsive manner, and maintain up-to-date and detailed files on
all cases. Occasionally, the caseworker may be assigned other duties, including
administrative or outreach such as mobile office hours in Nevada’s First Congressional
District.
Candidates should have excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to
work under pressure. The person who fills this role should be a team player while also
working independently, and have a strong commitment to public service. This role regularly
interacts with constituents and stakeholders and should have a friendly and professional
demeanor.
Candidates with a diverse background, Nevada state ties, and Spanish-language
proficiency are strongly encouraged to apply. Rep. Titus is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
Those interested in applying should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and one short writing
sample to NV01Jobs@gmail.com subject: “Caseworker”. Applications will be accepted on
a rolling basis and will remain open until the position is filled.

MEM-197-25
CONSTITUENT ADVOCATE: The Office of U.S. Representative Chrissy Houlahan, PA-06 is
seeking a customer service oriented, high performing individual to serve as a Constituent
Advocate in our satellite office in Reading, Pennsylvania.
As a Constituent Advocate for a congressional district office, you will be a liaison between
constituents and federal government agencies. You will respond to constituent requests
for assistance – from individuals, businesses, and nonprofits – and resolve casework
issues through inquiries, facilitation, and problem solving. Additionally, you will represent
the Congresswoman in meetings and at events in our congressional district while building
and maintaining productive, supportive working relationships with local government,
business groups, non-profit, and other stakeholder groups within our community.
Constituent Advocates also identify local problems that can be solved by federal action
and are knowledgeable of the impact of proposed and enacted federal legislation on
stakeholders in our community. Job responsibilities include in-person outreach to relevant
stakeholder groups in our community and successful candidates must have their own
reliable transportation.

The right candidate will serve as a critical part of a close-knit team. Applicants should have
an enthusiastic interest in public service, superior attention to detail, and be motivated to
serve our community. Excellent written and oral communication skills are essential, as
well as the ability to manage multiple tasks, deadlines, and work well under pressure in a
fast-paced environment. Optimistic demeanor and a good sense of humor are a must.
Connections to Pennsylvania and the 6th district are advantageous.
Our office hours are 9:00am – 5:00 pm Monday through Friday. Our district staff alternates
days in the office and days in a work-from-home/outreach schedule (flex days). You must
be able to attend work duties on some evenings and weekends for events as needed.
Starting annual salary is $60,000 and a parking space is provided in the office building lot.
Medical benefits, savings and investment planning, tuition loan reimbursement, and 20
days paid time off are available as benefits for full-time staff members. Additionally, as
Rep. Houlahan believes in actively giving back to our community, each staff member is
allocated 5 additional days of paid leave for volunteer work annually.
Please submit resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to PA06HoulahanJobs@gmail.com and indicate “CONSTITUENT ADVOCATE: (your last
name)” in the subject line. No walk-ins or drop-bys, please. Incomplete applications will
not be considered.
This position is an immediate opening and will report to the District Director.
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and minorities are
strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity
and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.

MEM-188-25
Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Communications Director to
lead and execute an aggressive communications strategy for a battleground district. In
close collaboration with the Member, Chief of Staff, and legislative and district teams, the
Communications Director will oversee the Member’s communications agenda and
manage a fast-paced communications team in the district and D.C. This position reports to
the Chief of Staff and is not an entry level position.
Responsibilities include maintaining relationships with national and local reporters,
replying to press inquiries, and proactively pitching stories; drafting and editing press
releases; developing media strategies to roll out legislative wins; spearheading
communications components of district outreach and events; running an aggressive and
responsive social media program; writing op-eds, talking points, and speeches; managing
and coaching the communications team; and working collaboratively with District Office

and legislative staff to amplify the office’s work. The Communications Director will also
oversee franked communications and a robust 499 program.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of political communications experience,
strong oral and written communication skills, sharp attention to detail, experience
managing a team, and a track record of successfully pitching media outlets. The ideal
candidate is politically astute, calm under pressure, collaborative, and willing to work the
long, irregular hours required by a communications job in the modern-day news cycle.
Nevada ties are a plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status,
sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three references (including
name, title, organization, phone, email, and relationship), and writing sample to
nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name – Communications
Director."

MEM-185-25
Congressman Mike Levin (D-CA-49) is seeking a Press Assistant for his Carlsbad district
office or Dana Point district office to assist in executing a robust and fast-paced
communications strategy and expand his presence online and across all social media
platforms.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to supporting and staffing district press
conferences and press events, staffing district press interviews, drafting press releases
and media advisories, creating social media content for various platforms, designing
graphics and print materials, recording and editing videos of the Congressman and
constituents, seeking and recording constituents’ testimonials, managing the Constituent
of the Month program, and more. The individual will work closely with the D.C.-based
Communications Director and Press Secretary/Digital Manager on day-to-day operations
of the communications team
Candidates should have some experience with social media strategy, strong writing skills,
proficiency in graphic design, and experience with both videography and photography.
Ability to work well with others, manage competing priorities, and turn around high-quality
products under tight deadlines are a must. Professional communications experience
(whether through full time employment, internships, or volunteer experience) is required.
Prior experience on Capitol Hill or with advocacy campaigns is a plus but not necessary.
Salary range is $45,000-$50,000, commensurate with experience.

To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, references, one to two digital
graphic work samples, and one video sample to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov with
“Press Assistant” in the subject line.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply, including women, people of color, and members of the
LGBTQ community.

MEM-177-25
The U.S. House Committee on Agriculture has an immediate need to hire an experienced,
full-time Digital Director in Washington, D.C. Interested candidates are encouraged to
submit a resume, cover letter, and portfolio to HouseAgDemJobs@mail.house.gov.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Job Expectations:
As Digital Director, you will be responsible for recognizing opportunities and building digital
communications programs and campaigns in support of the Committee’s
communications strategy. Your work will focus on building smart, sophisticated, and
measurable programs and campaigns that support both short- and long-term goals and
meet rapid response needs. This will include outlining content plans, producing digital
content, developing editorial calendars, drafting various digital communications products
(e.g., social media posts, graphics, video scripts) and working with policy staff to ensure
content is timely and accurate. Understanding digital amplification strategies, audience
segmentation, and algorithms across platforms is important for this role. This position
requires the ability to work outside of normal office hours, including nights and weekends,
when needs arise.
Salary Level/Range: The salary range for the Digital Director role is $75,000-$90,000,
commensurate with experience.
Job Duties:
• Designs and implements comprehensive digital communications strategies that
promote the Committee’s policies and priorities.
• Manages all social media channels and web content to ensure all platforms are
adequately maintained and up to date.
• Identiﬁes and pitches new ways to engage with digital audiences and content
creators.
• Oversees digital editorial calendars to manage the Committee’s digital media
accounts.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•

Educates, trains, and ampliﬁes digital content use among Committee member
owices.
Leads the crafting of compelling digital content that furthers the Committee’s shortand long-term goals.
Stays informed on the social media trends impacting the Committee’s
communications eworts and strategies.
Prepares the Ranking Member for all audio and video clips for social platforms.
Develops digital media kits for Committee member owices.
Compiles regular reports on digital analytics to distribute to Committee staw.
Builds connections with Committee member owice staw to satisfy digital content
requests, earn trust, and identify opportunities for coordinated campaigns across
Committee and member owice accounts.
Assists in drafting statements, press releases, and talking points, and performs
other duties as needed.

Required Experience and Skills:
• 3+ years of work experience in relevant digital content programs and social media
management.
• Demonstrated experience in one or more of the following ﬁelds: digital content
development, social media management, online analytics, graphic design, and
video production.
• Self-driven with a proven ability to set strategy.
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
• Curiosity about new channels and technology.
• Comfort with tight deadlines and quick-turn projects.
Preferences:
• Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in digital media, mass
communications, or similar.
• Agency experience in a digital role.
• Comfort and track record in rapid response and/or crisis scenarios.
• Experience working in fast-paced political environments.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and digital
portfolio including social copy, video, and graphic design (e.g., social media graphic,
infographic, factsheet) to HouseAgDemJobs@mail.house.gov. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-173-25
District Director

U.S. Representative Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a Hawai’i management professional
with federal government experience to serve as his District Director in his Honolulu
district office.
This position is a key staff leadership role in assisting the Congressman’s representation of
Hawai’i in the U.S. House of Representatives. The District Director manages all operations
of his district office and district staff. This includes being the primary point of contact and
public face of the Member’s office in the district, facilitating the Member’s visibility and
engagement in the district through joining and representing the Member in regular district
meetings and events, building and maintaining strong relationships with local community
leaders and stakeholders, overseeing the Member’s constituent casework activities with
federal, state and county departments and agencies, and coordinating with the Member’s
Washington-based staff, in particular his D.C.-based Chief if Staff, to align district office
work with the Member’s D.C. and broader priorities.
The position requires, among other qualities and experience, an extensive knowledge of
government and Hawai’i, initiative, interpersonal and management skills, the ability to
multitask, work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
problems, orientation to detail, verbal communication and writing skills, and long and
unpredictable hours.
Applicants should be longtime current or recent residents of Hawai’i with government
experience, preferably the federal government generally and the U.S. Congress
specifically. Other preferred qualifications include experience developing and
implementing community relations strategies for an elected official, federal agency or
similar organization; proven ability to manage staff, make sound decisions and prioritize
competing demands in a fast-paced environment; familiarity with the key issues and
stakeholders in Hawai’i overall and the First Congressional District (Honolulu) specifically;
and demonstrated commitment to public service and community engagement.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter detailing these qualifications together with
three references to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Honolulu Director Vacancy” in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

