Internship Openings
Week of September 15, 2025
MEM-295-25
Congressman Michael Rulli (R-OH) is seeking interns for his Washington, D.C. office for
the upcoming semester. This internship offers students an opportunity to gain firsthand
experience working in a Republican congressional office and learn about the legislative
process in the U.S. House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include:
•

Answering phones and greeting visitors

•

Assisting with constituent correspondence and casework

•

Conducting U.S. Capitol tours

•

Attending briefings and hearings

•

Assisting legislative staff with research and memos

•

Supporting communications and administrative tasks

•

Qualifications:

•

Strong written and verbal communication skills

•

Professionalism and attention to detail

•

Ability to work in a fast-paced environment

•

Interest in public policy, government, or related fields

•

Ohio ties are preferred but not required

Details:
Location: Washington, D.C. – Cannon House Office Building
Schedule: Full-time and part-time positions available (flexible with academic calendars)
Compensation: Internships are unpaid; academic credit may be arranged through your
university
Application Materials: Resume and Cover Letter
How to Apply:
Please send your resume and cover letter to brooklyn.souza@mail.house.gov
with the subject line: Internship Application – [Your Name].

MEM-292-25
The Office of Congressman Wesley Hunt (TX-38) is currently seeking candidates for the
Fall 2025 District Office Internship. Internships are full or part-time and in-person at our
Houston, TX, or Tomball, TX offices. Ties to the District are preferred but not required.
The fall internship program runs from September through December. The internship is
flexible in the number of hours per week, but a minimum of 15-20 hours per week is
mandatory. Intern hours are five days a week from 9:30 AM to 4:00 PM CT.
Duties
The district office internship will allow participants to experience a fast-paced environment
within the district. District intern's responsibilities will include answering phones,
conducting research, assisting with events throughout the district, and various other tasks.
Interns will learn about the crucial work a district office does.
Qualified applicant requirements
Ideal candidates will be hard workers, detail-oriented, efficient multitaskers, and
comfortable interacting and speaking with the public. Successful internship candidates
should:
• Be at least 18 years of age.
• Be working towards a bachelor’s or master’s degree.
• Demonstrate an interest in politics and public service.
• Possess highly competent time management skills.
• Possess effective teamwork, professionalism, flexibility, and communication both
written and verbal skills.
• Have the ability to complete assignments with limited guidance.
How to apply

Interested candidates should submit a cover letter describing why they're interested in
working as an intern in a congressional office. Experience that applies to being an intern in
the district office should also be included. Our office also requires a resume that highlights
relevant experience related to the position.
Interested applicants should:
1. Fill out an application at the following link: https://hunt.house.gov/services/internships
2. At the end of the form upload both the cover letter and resume
Please be advised that only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
No drop-ins please.

MEM-278-25
Job Description:
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable Video Production Intern this fall. Interns will be responsible for
helping with clipping streams of sessions, editing and captioning videos, helping with
shoots, scripting content and other and administrative tasks as assigned. Successful
candidates will possess extreme familiarity with Adobe Premiere Pro. Additional
experiences with Adobe After Effects and Photoshop are a plus.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment is a must. Candidates will be
expected to work in-person in Washington, DC, with opportunities for remote work during
Congressional recesses. Full-time and part-time candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume, portfolio,
and your availability this fall to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

