Member and Committee Openings
Week of August 25, 2025
MEM-281-25
Digital Director: Rep. Mike Thompson (CA-04), senior member of the House Ways and
Means Committee and Chair of the House Gun Violence Prevention Task Force, seeks a
Digital Director to join his fast-paced communication team.
Job Description: The Digital Director is an integral part of the communications team and
will work to manage the Member’s digital profile via social media, the official website,
photography/videography, graphic creation, and content editing, among other
responsibilities. Candidates should be familiar with graphic design and photo/video editing
tools, including Canva and Adobe Premiere. This position is not entry level and will be
based in Washington, D.C. 1-2 years of relevant digital experience is required. California
ties and/or Spanish fluency is a plus but not required. This is a full-time position with
evening and weekend work as needed. This is an in-person position.
Job Duties:
• Coordinate with the Communications Director to develop and implement the
Member’s communications and media strategy
• Create videos, graphics, and other digital content that is compelling, engaging, onbrand, and error-free
• Draft content in the voice of the Congressman each day in addition to quickly
responding to breaking news and Capitol Hill and district developments
• Taking photos and videos of the Congressman at events and in meetings
• Creating content for rollouts and rapid response opportunities, including clipping,
captioning, and posting committee remarks, ﬂoor speeches, and interviews
• Assist with drafting and circulating the Congressman’s newsletter, media advisories,
press releases, statements, talking points, and speeches
• Manage and post on all social media accounts for the Member (Facebook, X,
Instagram, YouTube, Blue Sky, etc.)
• Track analytics across all relevant platforms and suggest improvements or ideas to
enhance Member’s brand
• Edit and maintain the Member’s website to include relevant updates, press
releases, news, photos, and more
• Design public-facing printed materials (mailers, pamphlets, brochures)

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Develops communications to assist with outreach to district stakeholders and
Member oVices
Monitors national and local media coverage to stay abreast of current events
Support press event logistics for the Member in Washington, D.C. and in the district
Create and maintain press lists
Proofreads and fact-checks written materials to ensure complete accuracy
Compiles the Member's daily news clips to distribute to oVice staV
Generates and shares ideas for press, mass mailing, and newsletters to assist with
the development of traditional and digital media strategies
Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an eVicient and eVective manner
Other duties as assigned by the Communications Director, Chief of staV, Deputy
Chief of StaV and Member
Reports to Chief of StaV, Deputy Chief of StaV, and Communications Director

Qualifications:
• Bachelor’s degree in communications, journalism, public relations, graphic design,
or related ﬁeld
• Exceptional writing, editing, and organizational skills
• Experience with social media platforms and tools (e.g., Twitter/X, Facebook,
Instagram, Canva, Adobe Creative Suite, or similar tools)
• Ability to create engaging graphics, visuals, and videos
• Strong interest in digital media and trends
• Detail-oriented, with the ability to juggle multiple tasks and meet tight deadlines
Salary Level/Range: $60,000, commensurate with experience, and includes health
insurance, student loan repayment, and other competitive benefits.
Applicant Instructions: Prospective candidates should e-mail a cover letter, resume, one
graphic digital work sample, and one video work sample to CA04Jobs@mail.house.gov
with the subject line “LASTNAME_Digital.”
Notice: All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental

MEM-280-25
The office of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03) seeks an experienced Legislative
Director for her Washington, D.C. office.
As a senior staff member, the Legislative Director will be responsible for managing the
office's legislative team as it seeks to implement the Congresswoman's policy agenda and

advance the priorities of Ohio’s Third Congressional District. The Legislative Director will
also handle a broad portfolio of issues that includes health care, education,
transportation, defense, foreign affairs, and energy.
Within these responsibilities, the Legislative Director will:
• Develop and implement strategies to advance the Congresswoman's legislative
priorities - including by drafting letters, legislation, and amendments, and serve as a
resource for and mentor to others on the policy team;
• Monitor ﬂoor proceedings and provide appropriate background information, policy
updates, and vote recommendations to the Congresswoman;
• Prepare and staV the Congresswoman for meetings with constituents, advocacy
organizations, and other key stakeholders;
• Lead the oVice's appropriations process - including the Community Project Funding
(CPF) process, and collaborate with the Congresswoman's District OVice staV to
drive forward regional priorities through both the appropriations process and other
legislative eVorts;
• Oversee the implementation of the Congresswoman's constituent correspondence
program; and
• Work closely with the communications team to compile talking points, statements,
and other materials for media inquiries, press releases, and a wide variety of events.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified candidates will have prior management
experience, at least 4 years of full-time legislative experience on Capitol Hill, and
experience working with other congressional offices and relevant stakeholders to
accomplish tangible policy objectives. This position requires the flexibility to work long
hours, including nights and weekends when necessary.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. Ohio ties are a plus. This office is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, military status, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or
parental status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples as a single PDF
document to OH3.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “FIRST AND LAST
NAME_LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR.”

MEM-279-25
Rep. Hillary Scholten (D-MI) Seeks District-Based Field Representative
SUMMARY: Congresswoman Hillary Scholten (MI-03) is seeking a Field Representative to
serve in her Grand Rapids, MI office. The field representative will be in charge of supporting

outreach efforts in West Michigan as well as serving as a district-based communications
assistant. The ideal candidate is a self-starter and possesses excellent verbal and written
communication skills. Applicants should be comfortable in dealing directly with
community members to build relationships and taking photos and videos at events.
The Office of Congresswoman Hillary Scholten is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability,
sexual orientation or gender identity. We strongly value the diversity of our employees and
encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
JOB DUTIES:
• StaV the Congresswoman at community events;
• Serve as a representative for the oVice at community meetings and events;
• Assist with planning, organizing, and executing district outreach eVorts;
• Meet with community leaders and develop relationships and networks;
• Support the oVice’s social media strategy producing and editing digital content (i.e.
taking photos and video content at events);
• Help ensure smoothly run press events in the district.
SALARY RANGE: $48,000-$60,000 (Commensurate with experience)
The position is eligible for student loan repayment and healthcare. This is an in-person
position, with remote work opportunities.
REQUIREMENTS: Knowledge of communities within Michigan’s 3rd Congressional District
required. A car and good driving record preferred (mileage reimbursement provided).
Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. Candidates must also be able to work a
flexible schedule, including some nights and weekends as required.
APPLY: Interested applicants must send their resume, a cover letter, and three references
to scholtenjobs@gmail.com with subject: “[LAST NAME, FIRST NAME] – FIELD REP” by
August 28, 2025.

MEM-277-25
DISTRICT DIRECTOR

OFFICE of CONGRESSWOMAN LAURA GILLEN
The District Director oversees all district office operations. This position develops and
implements policy objectives, strategies and operating plans for the Congresswoman's
district office and directs all activities and staff of the district office.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Manages district oVice staV.
• Represents the Congresswoman and/or assigns appropriate staV to do so in the

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

district oVice as needed.
Plans, assigns and evaluates work of employees in district oVice.
Interviews, selects and trains employees of district oVice and ensures that district
oVice staV complies with oVice policies, practices, and procedures.
Conducts district oVice staV meetings.
Speaks to local groups when the Congresswoman is unavailable.
Maintains close communication with the Washington, D.C. oVice.
Travels throughout the district at regular intervals to keep abreast of local
concerns.
Meets with elected oVicials and representatives of local groups on behalf of the
Congresswoman.
Schedules meetings with federal and district government agencies as necessary.
Responds to constituent telephone calls and mail.
Meets attendance requirements as established by the oVice.
Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staV, and
constituents.
Works well under pressure and handles stress.
Accepts performance-based criticism and direction.
Works a ﬂexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
Performs other duties as assigned.

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A minimum of a bachelor’s degree and five-ten years of related experience in
management and/or legislation or equivalent similar experience is required.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Ability to perform essential job functions above.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
• pleasant, and professional manner.
• Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments.
• An understanding of the district and federal political process.
• Provides necessary organization, supervisory leadership and motivation to
• manage district oVice.
• Excellent oral and written communication skills.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
• Work is mainly performed in an oVice environment. Noise levels are usually
• moderate; and
• Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.

TO APPLY: Please email your resume to Sarah Carlson at
sarah.carlson@mail.house.gov

MEM-276-25
Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz is looking for a self-motivated full-time Field
Representative for her Sunrise, FL office. Overall primary responsibilities include serving
as a liaison with federal, state, and/or local agencies and constituent groups, answering
casework correspondence, communicating and meeting with constituents, and executing
district outreach on behalf of the Member.
Some key functions of the position include:
• Meeting with local groups and constituents on behalf of the Congresswoman.
• Proactively seeking opportunities to develop community outreach relationships on behalf
of the Congresswoman.
• Working closely with the District Director and Outreach Director to implement planned
outreach events and to suggest new innovative ideas.
• Representing or speaking on behalf of the Congresswoman at events and local meetings.
• Staying abreast of local news and issues affecting South Florida, particularly Broward
County.
• Monitoring and updating the Congresswoman and senior staff on district and local
issues.
• Responding to casework inquiries from constituents in a timely manner while monitoring
casework for problems requiring legislative action or proper escalations.
• Working a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends.
• Performing other duties as assigned, including driving the Member while in South Florida
as needed.
The successful applicant must have a positive attitude and the genuine desire to serve
constituents contacting Congresswoman Wasserman Schultz for assistance.
• Applicants must possess strong communication, organizational, and writing skills as well
as a strong interest in community outreach.
• Knowledge of the communities of the 25th Congressional district is preferred.
• Additional language proficiency, including in Spanish, is a plus.
• Experience, connections or exposure to working with organizations focused on African
American, faith based, and Caribbean Communities is a plus for the role.
APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: Applicants should submit a cover letter, résumé and a list
of at least three references as one PDF. They should be submitted through the online
portal:
https://resumebank.domewatch.us/start/?code=WPgUOjYoXQf&title=Field%20Represent
ative.
Salary Range: $45,000 - $60,000 (title and compensation commensurate with experience)

If interested, please send the required information by Friday, September 12, 2025, at
5:00PM.

MEM-274-25
The Office of Congresswoman Lateefah Simon (D-CA-12) has an immediate need to hire a
Staff Assistant for the Washington, D.C. office in a full-time capacity.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, and three
references in a single document to CA12ls.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Staff Assistant.’ Applications will be considered on a rolling basis, with the position
closing September 1, 2025.
We are building a high-performing congressional office that delivers exceptional service to
constituents, operates with efficiency and professionalism, and works every day toward
justice and equity. We are seeking an extremely motivated individual who thrives in a fastpaced environment, values teamwork, and takes pride in serving the public. This is an
opportunity to join a mission-driven team committed to making government work for the
people it represents.
Position Description:
The Staff Assistant is responsible for managing the front desk during office hours and
provides the first impression of the Member office to constituents, guests, and other VIPs.
This position is also responsible for handling incoming calls, Capitol and other tour
requests, flag requests, administrative office needs, and assists the D.C. office staff with
other work as assigned. The experiences gained in the Staff Assistant role provide a solid
foundation to advance into positions of increasing responsibility.
Starting Salary: $55,000 annually
Reports to: Legislative Director
Job Duties:
• Greets constituents, visitors, and other VIPs to provide a welcoming environment
and positive ﬁrst impression of the oVice.
• Handles incoming calls and captures constituent requests to ensure consideration
by Member oVice.
• Works closely with the Director of Operations and Scheduling to ensure constituent
appointments are on time.
• Monitors and organizes requests for assistance to ensure that they are directed to
the appropriate staV member in a timely manner.
• Signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to ensure timely and
appropriate handling.

•
•
•
•
•

Performs general administrative duties as assigned to assist the oVice staV and
Member with work.
Assists with constituent ﬂag requests, tours of the Capitol, and arranging visits to
other national landmarks as part of the oVice’s constituent relations.
Assists the Legislative Correspondent and other legislative staV to process
constituent mail.
Purchases supplies for the oVice to maintain oVice equipment.
Completes special projects as assigned by senior staV.

Skills:
• Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles; easily considers
new approaches.
• Attention to Detail: Performs work thoroughly and accurately, acts conscientiously
and with attention to detail.
• Constituent Service Driven: Anticipates and meets the needs of constituents.
Delivers high-quality and services.
• Interpersonal Skills: Develops and maintains eVective relationships with others
from diverse backgrounds and in diVerent situations. Demonstrates understanding,
courtesy, tact, empathy, and politeness.
Core Skills and Competencies
• Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to draft professional
correspondence and relay information accurately.
• Exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail, able to manage multiple
priorities in a fast-paced environment.
• Proﬁciency with Microsoft OVice Suite, Google Workspace, and standard oVice
technology; comfort learning new software quickly.
• Ability to answer and screen phone calls, greet visitors, and manage the front desk
with professionalism and discretion.
• Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to work well in a team and interact
respectfully with constituents, colleagues, and stakeholders.
• Sound judgment and the ability to maintain conﬁdentiality in all matters.

MEM-269-25
Deputy Communications Director/Digital Director
Essential Job Function: As a member of our communications team and in collaboration
with the Congressman, Deputy Comms
Director/Digital Director will write and produce engaging digital content, monitor online
narratives and trends, and assist with traditional press inquiries and tasks. The individual

will also manage the Congressman’s social media platforms with oversight from the
Communications Director. This is a mid-level communications role within the office.
Deputy Comms Director /Digital Director’s role and responsibilities include, but are
not limited to:
1. Digital Strategy
• Develop and implement digital strategies to amplify the Representative's message
and engage constituents, including through emerging trends online.
• Manage social media accounts (Facebook, Instagram, X, YouTube, Bluesky, and
Threads) through content creation and community engagement.
• Create compelling digital content such as graphics, videos, and infographics to
communicate key messages.
2. Content Creation
• Collaborate with team members to develop multimedia content that effectively
communicates legislative priorities and initiatives.
• Ensure all content is accurate, consistent with the Representative's voice, and
aligns with brand guidelines.
• Required to have extensive knowledge and experience to create memes and create
AI videos from start to finish. Experience with video production, video editing, and
emerging AI tools, including through platforms like Canva, ChatGPT, and the Adobe
Suite.
3. Public Relations:
• Draft press releases, media advisories, op-eds, franked communications, and other
materials as needed.
• Coordinate interviews, press conferences, and media appearances for the
Representative in both the traditional and new media spaces.
• Monitor media coverage—including press and digital clips with support from a
press intern—and prepare regular reports for the team.
• Be comfortable making fun of our republican colleagues such as, James Comer
(this tells me you read the whole post).
4. Preferred Skill Sets:
• Experience working in a fast-paced government office or on political campaigns.
• Knowledge of data analytics and metrics to track the effectiveness of digital
campaigns.
• Experience managing crisis communications and responding to media inquiries
under tight deadlines.
• Demonstrated ability to think creatively and strategically to generate innovative
ideas for media outreach and digital engagement.

Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to collaborate effectively with team
members and external stakeholders.
• Flexibility to work evenings and weekends as needed, especially during high-profile
events or legislative sessions.
Location: The role is based in Washington, D.C.
•

This office is an equal-opportunity employer. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.
Please submit resume, three references, a digital portfolio, and a cover page as one
PDF document to Moskowitz.resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-268-25
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a Field Representative &
Caseworker for her District Office in Long Beach, CA.
Candidate should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, have the
proper demeanor and a comfort in dealing directly with constituents to resolve challenging
requests, be highly organized, and have the ability to manage multiple tasks and
competing deadlines simultaneously.
This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities for this community-focused position include: answer and log incoming
phone calls, casework intake and work on casework through completion; identify event
and correspondence opportunities in assigned geographic and issue areas; staff the
Congresswoman and serve as staff representative for the Congresswoman at community
meetings and events; lead or assist with planning, organizing, and executing district
outreach efforts in assigned geographic and issue areas; identify issues related to federal
programs for possible legislation and|or letters; manage correspondence and
acknowledgements from the office; meet with constituent and community leaders and
develop relationships and networks in assigned geographic and issue areas; work with
community groups and organizations, local elected officials, and others in the
Congressional District to identify potential opportunities for federal funding; and serve as a
liaison with federal, state, and local agencies, and committees.
Knowledge of communities within California’s 44th District preferred.
A car and good driving record required (mileage reimbursement available)
Diverse candidates encouraged to apply.
Candidates must also be able to work a flexible schedule, including some nights and
weekends as required.

Pay: $60-$72,000 based on experience
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“CA44 Field Rep” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-267-25
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a District Staff Assistant for her
District Office in Long Beach, CA.
The District Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, helps to supervise the
district internship program, and responds to constituent requests for general information
and other inquiries. This position maintains the front office and assists district office staff
with various administrative duties while maintaining an external agenda that interacts
frequently with constituents. The position will also support the Office’s community
outreach and events with the Congresswoman when she is in the district.
Candidate should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong
interpersonal skills, have the proper demeanor and a comfort in dealing directly with
constituents to resolve challenging requests, highly organized, the ability to manage
multiple tasks and competing deadlines simultaneously, and able to work in a fast-paced
environment.
Knowledge of communities within California’s 44th District preferred.
A car and good driving record required (mileage reimbursement available)
Diverse candidates encouraged to apply.
Candidates must also be able to work a flexible schedule, including some nights and
weekends as required.
Pay: $50-53,000 based on experience
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“CA44 Staff Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-265-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Rep. Frederica Wilson (D-FLA.), Member of the Committee
on Education and the Workforce and Transportation & Infrastructure Committees, is hiring
a Legislative Director. The Legislative Director works with the Member and other senior
staff to lead the development and implementation of her policy, legislative, and
appropriations strategy, managing a legislative team of 4-5 staff and fellows while also
covering a small individual portfolio of legislative issues.
Primary responsibilities for this role include:
• Developing and advancing the Member’s policy priorities through the legislative and
appropriations processes.
• Managing the operations of the legislative team and serving as a member of the
oVice’s senior leadership team.
• Developing memos, remarks, committee materials, and other brieﬁng materials for
the Member/oVice.
• Supporting the press team on policy-related communications.
• Working with the district team to support their work and address constituents’
policy concerns.
• Monitoring activity on the House Floor, the House Rules Committee and working
with the legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
• Building and maintaining positive and eVective relationships with district, D.C., and
national stakeholders and advocacy organizations.
• Overseeing the oVice’s constituent correspondence program; and
• Other duties and special projects as assigned.
This is not an entry-level role. Candidates should have deep expertise in policy, legislative
drafting and procedure, and congressional appropriations experience is a plus.
Miami/Florida ties are also a plus. Candidates with previous Education Committee or
Senate HELP experience are encouraged to apply. Essential skills include an expert-level
working knowledge of Congress; strong oral and written communication skills, including
rigorous editing and fact-checking; excellent attention to detail; the ability to execute on
multiple deadlines and tasks in a fast-paced environment; strong interpersonal and
relationship-building skills; the ability to make quick decisions when advising a principal; a
proven track record navigating complex constituent and political situations; and the
responsiveness and professional demeanor to represent the office well to a wide range of
communities.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status.

To apply, please email the Chief of Staff, Leon Buck at Leon.Buck@mail.house.gov,
“Legislative Director” in the subject line and the following application materials attached
as one combined PDF, applications will be considered on a rolling basis:
• Résumé
• Cover letter
• 2-3 professional references,
• and a writing sample would be appreciated.

MEM-263-25
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Democratic staff seeks a counsel
or professional staff member to assist with the Committee’s oversight and investigations
work.
Exceptional writing and research skills, sound political judgment, the capacity to articulate
technical and policy issues clearly and concisely, and the ability to work closely and
collaboratively with other congressional offices and stakeholders are essential.
Responsibilities include preparing for and staffing hearings and briefings; drafting
statements, memos, letters and other materials; assisting with the Committee’s
investigative and oversight work, including preparing for and conducting transcribed
interviews and depositions; and serving as a resource for Democratic Members and staff
on matters within the Committee’s jurisdiction.
This position’s primary focus would include national security, homeland security, law
enforcement, immigration, and the military; reporting to the Full Committee, as well as the
Subcommittee on Military and Foreign Affairs, and the Subcommittee on Federal Law
Enforcement. Substantive work on policy, oversight, and investigations related to DHS and
DOD is preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill, Administration or legal experience,
and experience with investigations or oversight, is preferred. Candidates with a TS or
TS/SCI Security Clearance are preferred.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel/Professional Staff Member” in the subject line. Please attach your resume and
cover letter as one PDF with the file name using the following
format: “LastName.FirstName”. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The starting range for this position is $75,000 - $110,000, with the negotiated salary highly
commensurate with the level of educational and professional experience. The Oversight
Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to

race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, or national origin.

MEM-262-25
The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking a Scheduler based in the
Washington, DC office. Candidates must have exceptional organizational and
communications skills, be very detail oriented, and enjoy working in a fast-paced team
environment. The ideal candidate will have proven knowledge of the congressional work
setting, ability to balance competing demands, and possess sound political judgement. The
position requires a willingness to work non-traditional hours when required. Hybrid work
options are available during non-session weeks. Capitol Hill or other relevant
administrative, operations, or scheduling experience is strongly preferred. Southern
California ties are a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
·
·
·
·
·

·
·
·
·

Maintaining and managing the Member’s daily and long-term DC and national
schedule
Responding to all incoming meeting and scheduling requests
Coordinating travel and booking flight, train, and lodging reservations for the
Congresswoman
Communicating key information and scheduling changes to the Member,
staff, and effected stakeholders in a timely and efficient manner
Coordinating with other Member offices, Committee staff, leadership offices,
the White House, and Executive Departments and federal agencies on
scheduling requests and events
Coordinating with the District Director and district staff on scheduling indistrict events when appropriate
Compiling the Congresswoman’s daily briefing materials and coordinating
with legislative and press staff on materials needed for meetings and events
Assisting the Chief of Staff with office operations
Other duties as assigned

Salary will be commensurate with experience. (The range for this job is $60,000 - $74,000.)
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply for this position, email a PDF copy of your resume and three professional
references to CA38jobs@mail.house.gov with “DC Scheduler Position” in the subject line.

MEM-257-25

JOB POSTING: Staff Assistant/Driver
The office of Congressman Marc Veasey (TX-33) is seeking a Staff Assistant/Driver for his
Washington, DC Office.
The ideal candidate has strong driving skills, excellent professional judgement and
discretion, exceptional customer or constituent service skills, close attention to detail and
time management, excellent writing and communication skills, an aptitude for database
work, the ability to prioritize and follow through on multiple competing priorities in a fastpaced environment, and a strong commitment to public service. A valid U.S. driver’s
license, clean driving record, and access to a vehicle are required for the position. The
applicant should be aware that this position will sometimes require work outside of normal
hours of operation.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Driving the Member;
• Work closely with the Member’s scheduling team to ensure appointments are on
time;
• Managing the front oVice — including greeting and welcoming visitors;
• Answering DC phones and logging constituent comments/feedback;
• Coordinating tour and ﬂag requests;
• Completing oVice operation and administrative duties;
• Assisting with management of DC internship program;
• Managing oVice mail program, including overseeing IQ correspondence system and
ensuring constituents receive timely replies to mail;
• Assisting the DC staV with other work as assigned.
• Requirements include but are not limited to:
• Active driver’s license, a clean driving record, and personal vehicle
• EVective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
• Strong organizational skills, attention to detail, time management, and ability to
manage multiple priorities
• Professional demeanor and positive attitude
Texas ties are a plus but not necessary. All applicants should send an email, cover letter,
and writing sample to TX33Jobs@mail.house.gov. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status.

MEM-254-25
Staff Assistant – The district office of Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks a hardworking, organized individual to serve as a Staff Assistant & District Field

Representative. This position primarily entails constituent casework and community
outreach. Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials,
representing the Congressman at community and governmental events, special projects,
as well as general office work.
Candidates should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and must
enjoy working with the public. Prior experience in government, the non-profit sector,
community and grassroots organizing is preferred. This position is based in New Jersey.
Applicants must have a valid driver license. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter,
writing sample, and references by email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov

