Internship Openings
Week of April 13, 2026
MEM-116-26
The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Ways and Means seek a paid
Communications Intern to join a fast-paced, committed team for Summer 2026. The
Intern must have graphic design experience, enjoy advancing the Committee’s priorities,
and holding Republicans accountable. Scheduling is flexible for candidates with academic
commitments.
Essential Job Functions:
• Pitch timely, punchy social media content
• Produce high-quality graphics and videos in conjunction with the team
• Assist the team with managing press lists and website
Exceptionally Qualified Candidates will have:
• Demonstrated understanding of or familiarity with Ways and
Means’ jurisdiction
Please send a cover letter, resume, and 2-3 graphic or video samples
to dylan.peachey@mail.house.gov with the subject line “COMMUNICATIONS INTERN
SUMMER 2026: Last name” by Friday, April 17, 2026.
We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex,
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Diverse
applicants encouraged to apply.

MEM-110-26
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Summer 2026 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island office, to start at the middle May until the end of August.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
• Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the
Member office to constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;
• Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
• Sorts and distributes mail;

Assists Member and key staff (e.g. staff assistant, scheduler, District
Director) with logistical and administrative duties;
• Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member
office’s consideration and response;
• Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
• Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at
local events;
• Accompanies district staff to public forums, meetings, and events as a
representative to the Member.
•

Applicants should apply on our
website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships
Consistent with applicable law, the Office requires all interns to be fully vaccinated against
COVID-19 as a term and condition of employment.
Female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is
an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.

MEM-097-26
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Summer 2026 term.
Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process first-hand
and the many functions of a Congressional office. The Press and Digital Intern will
help build out the Congresswoman’s digital and social media presence, with heavy
emphasis on creating engaging social media content and graphics.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills
to assist with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic
design/video editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role
(including internships) are preferred but not required. Press Intern responsibilities will vary
but may include answering phones and data entry. Washington DC interns may be asked
to assist in researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending briefings,
hearings, and markups, and answering constituent letters on various issues.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official
website and complete the application
form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application, a
cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to California’s 7th
District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a rolling
basis.

This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race,
religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family
status, or military status.

MEM-096-26
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Sacramento) offices
for the Summer 2026 term. Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the
legislative process first-hand and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data entry.
Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation for the Member
and legislative staff, attending briefings, hearings, and markups; and answering
constituent letters on various issues. Interns based in California may also be asked
to assist on a variety of constituent casework or in-district projects, as needed.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official
website and complete the application
form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application, a
cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to California’s 7th
District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a rolling
basis. All applications are considered on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race,
religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family
status, or military status."

MEM-095-26
COMMUNICATIONS INTERN/FELLOW – The Committee on House Administration
Democratic staff is currently seeking to fill the Communications
Intern/Communications Fellow vacancy. The individual in this role will work closely with a
fast-paced communications team. Qualified candidates should
have demonstrated graphic design experience, strong writing and social media skills, and a
desire to help create engaging content.
Key responsibilities will include:
• Drafting social media content and designing graphics
• Editing and captioning videos
• Compiling daily press clips
• Taking photos during Committee hearings and events
• Drafting press releases, media advisories, and weekly reports

The Committee on House Administration is primarily responsible for oversight of the
House offices and legislative branch agencies within the Committee’s portfolio. These
include the Library of Congress, Smithsonian Institution (including the National Zoo), Chief
Administrative Officer, Clerk of the House, Sergeant at Arms, House Inspector General,
United States Capitol Police, Government Publishing Office, Architect of the Capitol,
Office of Congressional Accessibility Services, and the Office of Congressional Workplace
Rights.
To apply, candidates should submit a resume, and at least two graphic design and
writing samples to resume.chadem@mail.house.gov with the subject line:
"Communications Intern _ [First Name] [Last Name]”.
This is a paid, full-time, limited term position. The intern will learn about House Committee
practice, the legislative process, and the policy areas in the Committee’s jurisdiction. The
office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. The Committee is
committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.

MEM-089-26
The U.S. House Financial Services Committee – Majority Staff is seeking law clerks for the
summer of 2026. The position offers law students the opportunity to gain experience
conducting congressional oversight and investigations. Law clerk responsibilities will
include conducting legal research, drafting memorandum, letters, and reports, assisting
Committee staff in performing administrative duties, and other duties as assigned. Law
clerks will work closely with counsels and professional staff on a wide range of issues. This
position is unpaid, but law school credit is available. Previous Capitol Hill, prosecutorial,
investigative, or litigation experience preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to erin.kuhls@mail.house.gov.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

