Member and Committee Openings
Week of December 23, 2024
MEM 517-24
Legislative Assistant
Member-elect Maggie Goodlander (NH-02) is hiring a Legislative Assistant to join her Washington,
D.C. team.
This role will include maintaining policy expertise and tracking legislative activity within the
assigned policy portfolio; drafting vote, bill cosponsor, and letter recommendations; writing policy
memos and brieﬁng materials; reviewing constituent correspondence within assigned policy
portfolio; meeting with constituents and stakeholders and ensuring their concerns are shared with
the Member and policy team; researching and drafting legislation; and working to advance the
Member’s legislative agenda.
Qualiﬁed candidates will have legislative experience, a good understanding of House and
committee procedures, an understanding of the legislative process, a demonstrated ability to
translate policy ideas into legislative outcomes, strong written and verbal communication skills,
and strong organizational skills. Previous experience as a Legislative Assistant or on Capitol Hill,
New Hampshire ties, and a demonstrated interest in public service are preferred.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing
sample in a single PDF by January 3rd to servenh2@gmail.com.

MEM 516-24
Legislative Correspondent
Member-elect Maggie Goodlander (NH-02) is hiring a Legislative Correspondent to join her
Washington, D.C. team.

This role will include building a new mail program, including establishing a letter library for the
oWice; assisting with tracking and sorting constituent mail, email, and phone outreach; drafting
responses; ensuring constituents get timely, accurate, and helpful responses; and communicating
constituent opinions and priorities to the Member and legislative team. Additional responsibilities
include legislative issue research and tracking of legislative activity, assisting in the drafting of the
Member's remarks and committee materials, brieﬁng materials, and other duties as assigned.
Qualiﬁed candidates will possess strong writing, proofreading, and organizational skills, and
attention to detail. Familiarity with Intranet Quorum or other House CRM software is a plus. New
Hampshire ties, and a demonstrated interest in public service are preferred.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing
sample in a single PDF by January 3rd to servenh2@gmail.com.

MEM -515-24
District Representative for California’s 49th Congressional District
Description: The staW member in this position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local
agencies for the Member of Congress and constituents. The District Representative is charged with
helping constituents with casework and engaging the residents of the 49th Congressional District,
including planning meetings and events with the Member of Congress. This position is based in
Oceanside.
Responsibilities: The person in this role is speciﬁcally responsible for building and maintaining
relationships with a variety of communities throughout CA-49, especially in Encinitas, Solana
Beach, and Del Mar. This role involves handling constituent casework with various federal agencies,
with a focus on the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of State. Other
responsibilities include planning and staWing in-district events, meetings, and site visits; working
closely with the District OWice and Washington, DC oWice staW on local and assigned policy issues
and areas; and establishing relationships with local groups, including attendance at key meetings
and ensuring the oWice is tracking events and functions to facilitate the Member’s attendance.
Qualiﬁcations: Successful applicants should have a thorough knowledge of California’s 49th
district, familiarity with the communities of Encinitas, Solana Beach, and Del Mar, a serviceoriented attitude, strong organizational skills, proﬁciency at prioritizing and managing multiple
projects at one time, a capacity to work both independently and as part of a team, and strong
written and oral communications skills. Preference may be given to residents of the 49th District.
The salary for this position is $50,000 to $60,000, commensurate with experience.

To Apply: Please send resume, cover letter, and three professional references
to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov
Veterans are encouraged to apply.
This oCice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply, including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA
community.

MEM -514 – 24
The O&ice of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking a Legislative Counsel to
lead the o&ice’s Judiciary portfolio. The Congresswoman is a Member of the House
Judiciary Committee and is currently the Ranking Member on the Subcommittee on
Immigration Integrity, Security and Enforcement. This position will lead on all issues within
the jurisdiction of the Judiciary Committee (except Immigration), which include but are not
limited to antitrust, courts, criminal justice, elections, protection of civil rights and civil
liberties, and intellectual property.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•
•

•
•
•

Preparing and sta&ing the Congresswoman for committee hearings and markups
including proposing strategic approaches, drafting remarks and questions,
preparing amendments and talking points.
Advancing current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation, building
support, legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as
speeches, policy memos, and factsheets.
Developing expertise in new issue areas as they arise.
Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders.
Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and Committee
o&ices; and carrying out additional duties as required.

Job Requirements:
•
•
•

Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values.
Excellent writing and time management skills.
Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is appropriate
for the O&ice.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Previous Hill experience strongly preferred.
Poised, level-headed, ﬂexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The O&ice of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of
color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of
other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or
district ties are a plus. Prior
Hill experience is strongly preferred. Position location is Washington, DC.

Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
references in PDF
format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Counsel”: [Applicant’s First
and Last
Name]” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-512-24
Washington, D.C.-Based Executive Assistant/Scheduler
The O&ice of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) is looking for an organized, adaptable,
and detail-oriented Executive Assistant/Scheduler for her Washington, D.C. o&ice.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Driving and sta&ing the Congresswoman while she is in Washington, D.C
• Overseeing the member’s daily and long-term schedule, in coordination with the
Deputy Chief of Sta& and the district-based Executive Assistant/Scheduler
• Compiling the daily brieﬁng book and ensuring the member is prepared ahead of
engagements
• Managing member travel, logistics, and records
• Liaising between all sta& and the member to e&ectively communicate needs
• Assisting the Deputy Chief of Sta& with o&ice operations, events, and project
management, as needed
• Maintaining setup and presentation of the Member O&ice and upkeep of o&icial
vehicle
• Aiding in front o&ice management during non-session weeks
This role is part of the Operations team and reports to the Deputy Chief of Sta&. It also
requires close coordination with the district-based Executive Assistant/Scheduler,
Communications Director, and legislative team.

Ideal candidates will have good judgment, an eye for detail, and the ability to work in a fastpaced, collaborative environment. They will be able to anticipate the needs of the
Congresswoman and problem-solve on their feet.
This is not a 9-5 job; many nights and weekends will be required, especially during
legislative sessions. Advance, sales, or service industry skills are preferred; a valid driver’s
license and a good driving record are required.
TO APPLY, please send a résumé and cover letter to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov
with “DC Scheduler – NAME” in the subject line.
Our o&ice is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals,
new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Applications will be accepted through
Friday, January 3, 2025, though priority will be given to earlier applicants. No phone calls,
emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-510-24
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR
Congresswoman Angie Craig (MN-02) is in search of a highly-motivated Communications
Director in her Washington, DC o&ice. This position reports to the Chief of Sta&.
The Communications Director will manage all aspects of the Congresswoman’s
communications portfolio – including her earned media strategy, digital media presence,
and robust franked communications program – and will oversee a comms team that spans
both the DC and District o&ices.
The ideal candidate should have several years of demonstrated communications
experience – including experience working with reporters. The candidate should be a
strategic thinker and dynamic writer with strong interpersonal skills, solid political
instincts, a good sense of humor, and a keen attention to detail.
The position is full time with federal beneﬁts, including student loan repayment program (if
eligible), transit or parking beneﬁts, and an annual salary of between $85,000 and $95,000
commensurate with experience.
This position is part of the Congresswoman’s senior sta& – this is not an entry level
position.
To Apply:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and two writing samples to
repcraigresumebank@gmail.com with the subject line “Communications Director
[applicant’s full name].”

Our o&ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), national origin, age, disability,
gender identity, or sexual orientation. Our o&ice encourages candidates of diverse
backgrounds to apply.

MEM-506-24
The O&ice of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) is hiring a creative, e&icient, and detailoriented Social Media Assistant based in Washington, D.C. or San Diego, CA.
The Social Media Assistant will be responsible for creating and executing digital strategies
under the guidance of the Communications Director. The ideal candidate will be a strong
writer and a digital native with an eye for detail and a passion for innovative digital
engagement.
This is not a 9-5 job; some nights and weekends as well as frequent travel will be required.
California ties are helpful; good judgment and common sense are a must.
Social Media: The Social Media Assistant will manage the Congresswoman’s social media
platforms – including Twitter, Facebook, Threads, Instagram, TikTok, and others – in
addition to her website. This individual will be expected to proactively draft content in the
voice of the Congresswoman each day in addition to quickly responding to breaking news,
Capitol Hill and San Diego developments, and other rapid response opportunities.
Applicants should have a passion for engaging non-political audiences, capitalizing on
social media trends, and innovating how the Congresswoman communicates.
Digital Content: Applicants should be proﬁcient in graphic design and video editing. This
person will be responsible for proactively creating graphics, videos, and other digital
content that is compelling, engaging, on-brand, and error-free. The Social Media Assistant
will also regularly take photos and videos of the Congresswoman at events and in
meetings. In addition to managing a strategic content calendar, they will be expected to
create content for rollouts and rapid response opportunities. This includes clipping,
captioning, and posting committee remarks, ﬂoor speeches, and interviews. The Social
Media Assistant is also responsible for spearheading the e-newsletter program, including
drafting, franking, and sending content related to grant opportunities, the
Congresswoman’s legislative priorities, and her work in San Diego.
TO APPLY, please send a résumé, cover letter, video sample, graphic sample, and short
writing sample to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Social Media Assistant –
NAME” in the subject line.
Our o&ice is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals,
new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented

communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Applications will be accepted through
Friday, January 3, 2025, though priority will be given to earlier applicants.

MEM-504-24
House Committee on Veterans’ A&airs, Subcommittee on Technology Modernization
Legislative Assistant
The House Committee on Veterans' A&airs majority is seeking a Legislative Assistant for the
Subcommittee on Technology Modernization. This position will conduct oversight of the
Department of Veterans A&airs’ (VA) enterprise technology programs and projects as well
as its information technology operations. Information technology is a key aspect of all VA
operations including, but not limited to, supply chain, health care delivery, cybersecurity,
human resources, ﬁnancial management, and beneﬁts delivery. The role involves
collecting technical information and translating it into brieﬁngs, memoranda, and policy
recommendations for a general audience in an extremely fast-paced environment. Some
level of subject matter expertise in information technology and federal agency
administrative or management issues is also required. This is a full-time, on-site position in
Washington, DC. Some domestic travel is required.
House Committee on Veterans’ A&airs, Subcommittee on Technology Modernization
Legislative Assistant
Core Responsibilities:
• Under the supervision of the Subcommittee Sta& Director, conduct oversight of the
Department of Veterans A&airs (VA) enterprise technology programs and projects as well
as its information technology operations.
• Organizing and participating in meetings, preparing for subcommittee hearings, drafting
memos, reading documents, summarizing documents and meetings orally and in writing,
limited domestic travel, and other oversight duties as assigned.
• Collect technical information and translate it into brieﬁngs, memoranda, hearing
materials, and policy recommendations for a general audience.
• Assisting with legislation in a limited capacity including drafting bills as well as reading
and tracking pending and enacted legislation.
• Representing the Committee in a limited capacity including meeting with other
congressional sta&, veteran service organizations, technical organizations, and external
stakeholders.
• Perform other duties as assigned by the Subcommittee Sta& Director, Committee Sta&
Director, and Committee Deputy Sta& Director.
Qualiﬁcations:
• Undergraduate degree

• At least three years of relevant work experience, prior congressional or federal agency
experience is preferred but not required
• Some level of subject matter expertise in information technology and federal agency
administrative or management issues
• Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply
• Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
• Excellent oral communication skills
• Thoroughness and attention to detail
• Discretion and sound judgment in formulating and recommending policy positions
• Knowledge of current issues and events relevant to the Committee and VA
• Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and courteous
• Work independently as well as in teams
• This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
• Some domestic travel is required.
Beneﬁts:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
• Student Loan Repayment Program
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the
interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume to
VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Technology Modernization Legislative Assistant” in
the subject line. Writing samples and references may be requested. No calls or walk-ins,
please.
What to Expect Next:
Your cover letter and resume will be reviewed to determine if you are among the top
candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an interview.

MEM-501-24
House GOP Member Seeks National Security Advisor
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
1. to develop and plan legislative initiatives related to a national security, cyber
security, foreign a&airs, and armed services portfolio.
2. to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House ﬂoor;
3. to meet with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
1. at least 1 year of legislative experience in a full-time, paid position or legislative
fellowship
2. excellent oral and written communication skills;
3. thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
4. ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
5. ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
6. ability to work well under pressure;
7. thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted in
subject line.

MEM-500-24
Title: Legislative Assistant, U.S. House Committee on Veterans’ A[airs, Republican
Sta[
REPORTS TO: Sta[ Director, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations
Core Responsibilities:
• Conduct oversight of Subcommittee issue areas, including Department
implementation of laws, regulations, and programs
• Review evidence and data to analyze, develop, and provide detailed written and oral
reports of ﬁndings
• Assist the Subcommittee Sta& Director in advising the Full Committee leadership
and Subcommittee leadership on legislative initiatives
• Draft hearing, markup, and ﬂoor statements for the Full Committee leadership and
Subcommittee leadership
• Draft trip reports, requests to agencies for information, letters to agencies, hearing
recaps, and other work product relevant to the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction
• Assist in determining Full Committee and Subcommittee hearing topics and
preparing for hearings

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Coordinate with Member o&ice sta& on logistics, including Subcommittee Member
attendance for Subcommittee activities
Meet with congressional sta& and internal/external organizations on the
Subcommittee’s behalf
Analyze current law and proposed legislation; assist with the drafting of legislation;
and draft policy memoranda as assigned
Assist with developing policy recommendations and serve as a resource for
Members both on and o& Committee
Organize and maintain Subcommittee electronic records
Engage with whistleblowers
Travel and conduct oversight visits at agency facilities
Perform other duties as assigned by the Subcomittee Sta& Director, Full Committee
Deputy Sta& Director, and Full Committee Sta& Director
This is a full-time, onsite, position in Washington, DC

Minimum Qualiﬁcations:
• Bachelor of Arts or Science
Required Skills:
• Knowledge of the legislative drafting process
• Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
• Excellent oral communications skills
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
• Strong Microsoft O&ice proﬁciency, including expertise in Word and ability to use
Excel
• Demonstrate the ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the
formulation and recommendation of policy positions
• Knowledge of current issues and events in which the Full Committee leadership is
involved
• Ability to work long hours under pressure and be cooperative and courteous with
others
• Ability to manage ﬂuctuating workloads
• Strong research skills
• Potential to work independently
Beneﬁts:
Employees may be eligible for the following beneﬁts:
• Sick and annual leave
• Metro beneﬁts or parking
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employee Health Beneﬁts Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees’ Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance

•
•

Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)

Other Information:
U.S. House of Representatives employment is at-will. The U.S. House of Representatives is
an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), disability, or age.
Applicants must pay for all transportation and all related travel expenses associated with
the interview and hiring process.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “O&I Republican Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.
What to Expect:
Your resume and cover letter will be reviewed to determine if you are among the top
candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an interview.

MEM-498-24
The Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial A&airs, House
Committee on Veterans’ A&airs, Majority Sta& (DAMA) is seeking
a Legislative Assistant to provide administrative, legislative, and research
support to Subcommittee sta&, and assists with duties as assigned.
DUTIES:
• Maintain Subcommittee archives of activities, including identifying and tracking pending
legislation.
• Travel and conduct oversight visits at agency locations.
• Draft trip reports, requests to agencies for information (including tracking deadlines),
hearing recaps, and other work product relevant to the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction.
• Subcommittee casework as assigned.
• Answer telephone and respond to caller inquiries.
• Keep abreast of emails, including Member inquiries and agency notiﬁcations, and
schedule meetings with parties as appropriate.
• Organize and maintain Subcommittee electronic records, including meeting notes,
agency reports, other documents.
• Analyze current law and proposed legislation; assist with the drafting of legislation within
the Majority agenda as assigned; participate in sta&-level discussions with knowledge of
background information on legislation being considered; draft policy memoranda as
assigned.
• Assist with due diligence being performed as part of the Subcommittee’s oversight duties,
including requesting information from agencies on matters within the Subcommittee

jurisdiction.
• Assist with hearing preparation and coordination of hearings, including developing
recommendations of hearing topics, brieﬁng of Subcommittee Members, drafting
memoranda and remarks for Chairman, and development of questions.
• Coordinate with Member o&ice sta& on logistics, including Subcommittee Member
attendance, for Subcommittee activities, including hearings.
• Attend meetings with agencies, veteran service organizations, and other parties, and
maintain notes on such meetings.
• Draft memoranda for the full Committee and Subcommittee Chairman on matters within
the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Review the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and other
publications for matters of interest to Subcommittee Members and sta&.
• Assist with developing policy recommendations and serve as a resource for Members
both on and o& Committee.
• Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Subcommittee
Chairman, full Committee Sta& Director or Deputy Sta& Director, and Subcommittee Sta&
Director, and assisting other Committee sta&, as needed. This is a full-time, on-site
position in Washington, DC.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor of Arts or Science.
REQUIRED SKILLS:
•Strong writing and editing skills, including for work product of di&erent types with di&erent
audiences.
•Strong Microsoft O&ice proﬁciency, including expertise in Word and the ability to use
Excel.
•Strong organizational skills.
•S.trong verbal communication, including with di&erent audiences.
•Excellent attention to detail.
•Excellent listening skills.
•Strong ability to manage ﬂuctuating workloads and juggle and prioritize tasks, including
managing short-, medium-, and long-term tasks.
•Team oriented.
•Excellent ability to work well under pressure and time constraints.
•Strong research skills. Legal research skills (e.g., LexisNexis) is a plus.
•Problem solving and analytical skills are a plus.
•Potential to work independently.
How to Apply: Qualiﬁed candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and three (3)
writing samples to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“DAMA Republican Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-497-24
Midwest Republican seeks a Scheduler in the Washington, D.C. o&ice. Strong preference
for applicants with prior or current Hill experience.
Duties include but are not limited to the following:
• Maintaining the Member’s day-to-day schedule, sharing appropriate event details,
points of contact, and locations for meetings and events with the Member and sta&
as appropriate.
• Preparing daily itineraries for the Member along with all applicable brieﬁng materials
for the day ahead.
• Working closely with the Member, Chief of Sta&, and Legislative Director to process
all incoming meeting requests, invitations, committee hearings, and coordinating
travel arrangements.
• Working closely with the Communications Director to schedule radio and television
press, and interviews both in D.C. and in the district.
• Organizing expense reimbursements and working with the o&ice’s Financial
Administrator to reconcile o&ice accounts.
• Working closely with the District Director to plan and facilitate travel to district
visits.
• Maintains a good working relationship with constituents, committee sta&, other
Congressional o&ices, and other government o&ices/agencies.
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail are required. Ideal candidates should
have at least 1-2 years of relevant experience and the ability to multitask in a very fastpaced environment. Interested applicants can send their resume and any references
to GOPMidwestScheduler@gmail.com.

MEM-476-24
Congressman Dan Crenshaw (R-TX-02) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working Legislative
Assistant (LA), based in our Washington, D.C. o&ice. This position reports to the Legislative
Director. The LA will handle an economic facing portfolio, including Budget and
Appropriations, Financial Services, and Tax, with other issues to follow.
Key duties include:
• Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Legislative Director, and
legislative, communications, and district teams on legislative updates
• Preparing and sta&ing the Member for meetings, and assisting in the drafting of remarks,
as needed

• Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio of
issue areas Working with external stakeholders, Congressional Research Service (CRS),
Legislative Counsel, and committee sta& to draft legislation based on the Member’s
priorities
• Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communications skills and be detailoriented, organized, and creative. They must be able to quickly learn the member’s voice
and think in a proactive, communications-focused manner.
Other key qualities include:
• Commitment to a collaborative work environment
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage competing priorities
• Ability to communicate up and down within the team
• Ability to learn the Congressman’s voice and legislative priorities
• Interest in identifying and pursuing new opportunities and the ability to anticipate and
adapt to challenges
Hill experience is required. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with level of
experience. Qualiﬁed applicants should submit a resume and writing sample (no more
than 3 pages) as one combined PDF to Kenneth.Depew@mail.house.gov. Include
“Legislative Assistant – [Full Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on
a rolling basis as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

