Internship Openings
Week of February 17, 2025
MEM-059-25
Internship Opportunity: O$ice of the Representative Joseph D. Morelle
The Washington, D.C. O$ice of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting applications
for an internship during the 2025 Summer term. Applicants must be based in Washington,
D.C. for the duration of the summer internship (mid-May to mid-August, subject to change).
Full-time paid internships run Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House
Calendar). Part-time internships are scheduled to accommodate students’ course
schedules, as well as the needs of the o$ice. Part-time interns can expect to receive either
a stipend or academic credit. Interns must be legally eligible to work for the U.S. federal
government.
In Washington, D.C., interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front o$ice operations;
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing
inquiries;
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests;
• Day-to-day o$ice work to assist with the functioning of the congressional o$ice and
other duties as delegated by members of the sta$;
• Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting constituent
letters;
• Attending hearings and brieﬁngs, as requested by senior sta$;
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team;
• Interacting with members of sta$ in the D.C. o$ice and virtually with the Rochester
o$ice;
• Other administrative tasks as assigned.
Throughout the semester, interns will learn about the operations of a congressional o$ice,
congressional communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should
possess excellent written and verbal communications skills, a strong attention to detail,

the ability to succeed in a fast-paced work environment, and a good sense of humor. New
York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following within the application form listed
below:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• Writing sample (ex. policy memo, short essay, etc.) (max. 2 pages)
The o$ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college graduates.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship, please visit our website:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.
To apply for the Summer 2025 DC Internship, please ﬁll out the google form found here:
https://forms.gle/vPks4HTwadRtpDDF6. Our o$ice will be accepting applications on a
rolling basis until March 15th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit their
application early.

MEM-058-25
Legislative Intern
The Democratic Sta$ of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks qualiﬁed
undergrad students and recent graduates for Legislative Interns for the Summer 2025
session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give students a
thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process.
Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist sta$ with administrative tasks
such as answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials for
sta$ and member brieﬁngs. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow sta$ at
hearings and markups, as well as attend brieﬁngs on subjects within the Committee’s
broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fast-paced
environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in particular, the
role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative process. Superior writing
and communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time
availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.

All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or age.
Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply. Interns will
receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to receive
credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample (two
pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your cover letter, please indicate
preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and whether you are available to work
full-time or part-time. Please put “Summer 2025 Legislative Intern Application” in the
subject line. The deadline for applications is March 21, 2025. Please no phone calls or
drop-ins.

MEM-058-25
For Congressman Michael Rulli
• Processes incoming and outgoing communications to track and follow up on
requests by sta$ and constituents
• Partners with the legislative sta$ to draft responses to constituent inquiries on an
array of issue areas
• Performs research on issues or topics related to bills, committee hearings, and
district and state concerns
• Attends meetings with constituents and assists the legislative sta$ prepare for
hearings and mark-ups

MEM-057-25
The Democratic sta@ of the House Committee on Ways and Means seek a paid Digital
Fellow to join a fast-paced, committed team for Summer 2025. The Digital Fellow must
have video editing experience, enjoy advancing the Committee’s priorities, and holding
Republicans accountable. Scheduling is ﬂexible for candidates with academic
commitments.
Essential Job Functions:
• Pitch timely, punchy social media content
• Produce high-quality graphics and videos in conjunction with the team
• Assist the team with managing press lists and website
Minimum Qualiﬁcations:
• Prior experience in digital communications, including graphic design and video
editing
• Ability to take direction and adapt quickly
• Exceptionally Qualiﬁed Candidates will have:

•

Demonstrated understanding of or familiarity with Ways and Means’ jurisdiction

Please send a cover letter, resume, and 2-3 graphic or video samples to
dylan.peachey@mail.house.gov with the subject line “DIGITAL FELLOW SUMMER 2025:
Last name” by Friday, February 28, 2025. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability. Diverse applicants encouraged to apply.

MEM-055-25
Congressman French Hill Internship Program
Congressman French Hill (AR02) seeks interns to serve in his o$ices in
Washington, D.C., and Arkansas.
Interns will work in a fast-paced o$ice, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge
of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include (but are
not limited to) interacting with Arkansans and other visitors, conducting legislative
research and writing, drafting communications materials, and assisting Arkansans with
matters before the federal government.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Applicants should have working knowledge of
current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist with daily o$ice tasks.
Social media and other communications experience are a plus. Successful interns will
be self-starters, listen to and take direction, and be willing to work both independently
and as part of a team.
Standard internships take place as follows:
- Spring: January through May
- Summer: May through August
- Fall: September through November
Internships outside of this schedule may be o$ered on a case-by-case basis.
Paid and unpaid internships are available.
Interested individuals should send a resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov. For more information, please call (501) 324-5941 or
(202) 225-2506 and ask for the Intern Coordinator.

MEM-052-25
Paid Internship Congresswoman Sara Jacobs
Pay: $16.85/hour

Target start date: 05/01
For Washington, D.C.-based internships, please email your resume, cover letter, and 1-2
page writing sample to SaraJacobs.DCIntern@mail.house.gov between February 10th and
February 21st.

MEM-050-25
The Washington, D.C. o$ice of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks interns for the
upcoming Summer 2025 term.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and brieﬁngs, drafting and
editing constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the
legislative sta$, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing support for
the day-to-day activities of the o$ice. Interns are paid via a monthly stipend.
The O$ice of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin,
age, or socioeconomic status.
All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples to
WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should indicate their
availability on both an hourly and monthly basis.
The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM ET on Friday, April 11th, 2025.

MEM-044-25
The office of U.S. Congressman Jeff Van Drew (R-NJ-02) is currently accepting applications
for part and full-time interns for the summer session. This is a Republican office, and the
start date would be as early as May 1st with an end date in early August. This is a paid
internship with each intern receiving up to a $1,000 stipend depending on availability
based on a 40-hour workweek.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with our
nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the office and are
expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times. Duties include (but are not
limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, opening
and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various other
tasks to assist staff.

If interested, please email a resume and cover letter to nj02internships@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re applying for a fall internship and format the
files as [Full Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter]."

MEM-041-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking interns
for the summer of 2025. This is an in-person opportunity.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of Representatives and
gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fast-paced office. Internships are
offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and stipends are offered based on need. Fulltime availability is preferred. Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required.
Start dates are flexible. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•

Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
Strong communications and writing skills.
Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
Self-motivated
Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.

Responsibilities:
•
•
•
•

Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms
of outreach.
Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.

To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•
•
•

Resume.
Cover letter.
Three references

MEM-039-25
Congressman Cory Mills’ (FL-07) Washington, D.C. o$ice is currently seeking.
qualiﬁed individuals to serve in his Washington, D.C. o$ice for the Spring of

2025.
Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional o$ice, while gaining
ﬁrsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading
Capitol tours , answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting sta$ with
legislative projects and attending brieﬁngs and hearings.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. This is a paid internship. To start immediately.
Please send resumes and cover letter to Milka.jurado2@mail.house.gov

MEM-018-25
Congresswoman Suzan DelBene, representing the 1st Congressional District of
Washington state, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District o$ices. Interns will
work in a fast-paced congressional o$ice, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of
the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls,
assisting sta$ with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with
constituent correspondence. Kirkland, WA interns will have the opportunity to attend
community events and tours with the Congresswoman and sta$. Washington, D.C. interns
will have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
brieﬁngs for the legislative sta$.
Qualiﬁcations: The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral
communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in
public service. Washington state ties are a plus but are not required.
Apply: To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample (1 to 2
pages) through this form.
The deadline for Summer 2025 Internship Applications is 11:59 PM on February 24,
2025.
Due to a high volume of applications, you will only be contacted if you are selected for an
interview. This o$ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identiﬁcation,
family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

No phone calls or walk ins - please email internship.delbene@mail.house.gov with any
questions or concerns.

