Internship Openings
Week of July 21, 2025
MEM-241-25
Fall Internship
Ideal candidates will be organized, detail-oriented, and passionate about public service.
Applicants should have excellent communication and writing skills.
Key Responsibilities Include:
- Assisting with front office operations
- Answer constituent letters and phone calls
- Attend hearings and briefings related to the Congressman's portfolio
- Research legislation for the Member and legislative staff
Internships are in-person, paid, and run from August through December with flexible start
and end dates.
To apply, visit https://messmer.house.gov/forms/internships. Applications will be
accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-239-25
The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly motivated,
proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications team. Applicants must
be available to begin in mid-August. Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and
positive work ethic, pay attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have solid
writing and editing skills. Preferred applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and
are willing to perform and follow through on a wide variety of tasks. A monthly stipend is
available.
Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
Position can be in person or hybrid

Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and
graphic sample to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com.

MEM-237-25
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Fall 2025 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island office, to start at the beginning of September. Duties include, but
are not limited to:
-Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the Member office to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;
-Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
-Assists Member and key staff (e.g. Staff Assistant, Press Assistant, Constituent Services
Team) with logistical and administrative duties;
-Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response;
-Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
-Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at local events;
-Accompanies district staff to public forums, meetings, and events as a representative to
the Member.
Applicants should apply on our website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-236-25
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Law Clerk
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs seeks a law clerk for
the fall 2025 semester. The law clerk will work with Democratic staff on various research
projects, legislative activities, and oversight efforts.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Conducting research,
Drafting memos, letters, and other written materials,

Attending briefings and hearings,
Assisting with Committee events, and
Completing other tasks as assigned.
Qualified candidates will be second- or third-year law students who have a demonstrated
interest in public service, Congress, or veterans policy. Candidates for this position must
have superior organizational skills, a strong work ethic, ability to pay close attention to
detail, as well as excellent research, writing, and analytical skills. Additionally, the ability
to excel in fast-past environments and a willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
The Committee strongly encourages veterans, minorities, women, people with disabilities,
LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU and MSI students to apply.
This paid, full-time or part-time, in-person position is based in Washington, D.C.
Candidates should submit their application, including a resume and cover letter through
the online application accessible at https://democrats-veterans.house.gov/opportunities.
The deadline to apply is 5 p.m. on Wednesday, August 6, 2025. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-235-25
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Press/Digital Intern
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs seeks a press/digital
intern for the Fall 2025 semester. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Compiling and distributing morning press clips,
Tracking media hits for Committee members,
Assisting with video shoots,
Assisting with creating messaging packets and digital toolkits for the caucus,
Writing first drafts of remarks, press releases, and video scripts,
Developing social media content, and
Clipping floor and hearing remarks from members.
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to
assist wherever needed is a must.
The ideal candidate will have strong oral and written communications skills, be detailoriented, has a familiarity with social media platforms, and have a desire to help veterans
and learn about the Committee and the legislative process. The Committee strongly
encourages veterans, minority, women, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and
HBCU and MSI students to apply.

This paid, full-time or part-time, in-person position is based in Washington, D.C.
Candidates must submit a cover letter, resume, and writing samples through the online
application accessible at https://democrats-veterans.house.gov/opportunities.
The deadline to apply 5 p.m. on Friday, August 1, 2025.

MEM-233-25
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2025 term. Interns
will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process first-hand and the
many functions of a Congressional office. The Press and Digital Intern will help build
out the Congresswoman’s digital and social media presence, with heavy emphasis on
creating engaging social media content and graphics.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist
with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video
editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. Press Intern responsibilities will vary but may
include answering phones and data entry. Washington DC interns may be asked to assist
in researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending briefings,
hearings, and markups; and answering constituent letters on various issues.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official website
and complete the application form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part
of the application, a cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to
California’s 7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on
a rolling basis. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate
based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status.

MEM-232-25
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Sacramento) offices
for the Fall 2025 term. Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the
legislative process first-hand and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data entry.
Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation for the Member
and legislative staff, attending briefings, hearings, and markups; and answering

constituent letters on various issues. Interns based in California may also be asked to
assist on a variety of constituent casework or in-district projects, as needed.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official website
and complete the application form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part
of the application, a cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to
California’s 7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on
a rolling basis. All applications are considered on a rolling basis. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age,
ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family status, or military
status.

MEM-231-25
Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns to work in
his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2025 term. Intern responsibilities include
corresponding and communicating with constituents, researching policy, legislative
analysis, guiding Capitol building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend
Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a
positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Those interested should send their resume and cover letter
to grayson.donnellan@mail.house.gov & brianna.garcia@mail.house.gov. Applications are
reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible
and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class schedules. This is a paid position
and is competitive with that of other offices. Rate of pay will depend on hours worked and
duration of internship. State ties preferred but not required.

MEM-229-25
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks interns for the
upcoming Fall 2025 term.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, drafting and
editing constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the
legislative staff, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing support for
the day-to-day activities of the office. Interns are paid via a monthly stipend.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin,
age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.

Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples to
WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should indicate their
availability on an hourly, daily, and monthly basis during the Fall term. The deadline to
apply is 6:00 PM ET on Friday, August 1st, 2025.

MEM-226-25
The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, Fall 2025 Interns for the
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the
front office, assisting legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams
with drafting, and other tasks as assigned. Successful candidates work well under
deadlines, are organized, hard-working, detail-oriented, have excellent customer service
skills, and are team players. Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Interns will be eligible for a
monthly stipend. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and 2 writing
samples to NV03Resumes@gmail.com by July 23, 2025 with “Fall 2025 DC Intern - [Last
Name], [First Name]” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-225-25
Congresswoman Angie Craig (MN-02) is seeking interns for the Fall 2025 term in her
Washington D.C. and Eagan offices.
The D.C. internship will run approximately from August 25th, 2025, through December
17th, 2025, with some room for flexibility. The Eagan internship will run approximately from
September 29, 2025, through January 27, 2025, with some room for flexibility. All interns
are paid a stipend and provided with the necessary technology for their work. Schedules
are flexible to accommodate course schedules and academic programs; however, a
minimum availability of 20-25 hours per week is highly preferred.
Interns in the Washington, D.C. office will focus on researching legislation, attending
hearings and constituent meetings, answering constituents’ phone calls, logging and
drafting constituent correspondence, and assisting legislative and communications staff
members on various projects. Interns in the Eagan office will focus on constituent
casework, answering constituents’ phone calls, community outreach and research, indistrict event planning, and assisting the outreach, casework, and communications staff
members on various projects.
All interns will have the opportunity to work with staff in both offices over the course of the
internship and the program is tailored to fit interns’ policy interests and career goals.
Interns will learn about the legislative process, learn about all the different functions of a
congressional office and gain hands-on professional experience while serving the
constituents of Minnesota’s Second Congressional District.

Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident and
effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong writing skills.
They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with the general public.
Application Instructions:
- To apply for an internship in either the MN or DC office, please email a combined PDF of
your resume and one-page cover letter to craig.internships@mail.house.gov. Please
format your email subject line as “FirstName.LastName – District Office Internship" OR
"FirstName.LastName – DC Office Internship" to specify which office you are applying for.
- Please include your weekly availability between the hours of 9:00am and 6:00pm in your
cover letter and confirm that you will be available for in-person work.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds to
apply. Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,
disability, age, or protected veteran status.
For Fall 2025 internships in the D.C. office, applications must be submitted no later than
6pm ET on Wednesday, July 23rd.
For Fall internships in the Eagan office, applications must be submitted no later than 10am
ET on Monday, August 25th.
Late submissions will not be considered nor accepted. If you have any questions regarding
the application process, please email craig.internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-223-25
The Office of Congressman Pat Harrigan (NC-10) is currently seeking interns with our DC
office for the Fall 2025 session. The internship would begin August 11th and last until
December 19th (flexible on start and end dates).
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge over the day-to-day
happenings within Congress. Additionally, interns co-currently enrolled in an accredited
university will receive a monthly stipend.
Qualified candidates should:
Be a current undergraduate or graduate student or have recently graduated.
Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
Have strong communications and writing skills.

Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
Interested candidates should address their application materials to
Gabby.Bartley@mail.house.gov. Applications should include a resume and what the
individual’s internship schedule may look like.

MEM-222-25
The Office of Congressman David Scott (GA-13) is seeking motivated college students and
recent graduates for the fall 2025 internship program in his Washington DC and
Stockbridge, GA offices.
Ideal candidates will be organized, detail-oriented, and passionate about public service.
Applicants should have excellent communication and writing skills.
Key responsibilities include:
• Assisting with front office operations
• Answering phones and processing incoming requests
• Drafting letters, memos, and conducting legislative research
• Assisting with tours of the Capitol
Internships are in-person, paid, and run from September through December with flexible
start and end dates.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample in one combined
document to davidscott.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Full Name
- Fall Intern Application.” The application deadline is July 31, 2025. Applications will
be accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-221-25
The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and selfmotivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to apply for its
paid, full-time internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal election policy
and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of Representatives with oversight of
several offices within the Capitol Complex, including the Chief Administrative Officer,
Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms,
U.S. Capitol Police, and other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress,
Government Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.

Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand
knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-today administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for
assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight,
research, assisting with phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties. Administrative tasks
include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail, entering data, and drafting
correspondence. Legislative support includes performing research, drafting public
statements, prepping materials for hearings, attending hearings and briefings, reaching out
to agencies and other congressional offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov

MEM-220-25
We are now accepting applications for the Fall 2025 internship program for the Capitol
Hill office of Congresswoman Lois Frankel here in Washington, DC.
The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is
committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This position
demands the ability to multi-task, strong organizational skills and must work cooperatively
and courteously with others in a shared space.
Duties include attending hearings and briefings on behalf of the Congresswoman and
legislative staffers, working directly with the communications team on press
strategies, answering telephones, compiling daily press clips relevant to the office’s
priorities, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing administrative
assistance to the D.C. staff.
Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a plus.
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should submit the
below application with a resume and cover letter in a single PDF file. Cover letter should
detail reasons for applying to the position. A stipend will be given to accepted applicants.
Deadline for submission is Wednesday, July 23, 2025 by 11:59pm OR when 100
applications have been received. If they are selected to interview, interviews will
take place starting July 28th.
Application Link: https://frankel.house.gov/constituent-services/internships.htm

If you should have any questions, comments, concerns, or are in need of any additional
details or materials to pass along the internship posting please feel free to contact me via
email at amaris.graham@mail.house.gov

MEM-219-25
Congresswoman Sara Jacobs offers in-person internships in both her San Diego and
Washington, D.C. offices. These internships provide young adults with the opportunity to
learn more about the inner workings of a congressional office and to experience the
legislative process and constituent and community outreach first-hand.
If you would like to be considered for an internship in our DC office, please email your
resume, cover letter, and a 1 page writing sample to
SaraJacobs.DCintern@mail.house.gov
Please no direct emails, phone calls, or walk-ins regarding the status of your application.

MEM-218-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) is now accepting
applications for a legislative fellowship during the fall 2025 term. This fellowship is a great
opportunity for individuals in graduate-level programs who seek to gain an in-depth
legislative experience. This is a full-time, in-person position.
Fellows assist the legislative team with drafting legislation, assisting with stakeholder
meetings, and helping with committee assignments.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Performing Research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available resources)
• Attending meetings on behalf of the office
• Drafting talking points, proclamations, and various briefings
• Staffing the Congressman at various events
• Tracking and responding to constituent requests and letters
• Helping find legislative opportunities for sponsorship and co-sponsorship
• Performing tasks and duties as needed to help day to day activities of the office
Other duties will be based on the fellow's interests.
We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, research skills, and strong
writing skills. Start and end dates are flexible. MI-13 ties and research experience are
pluses.

This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age. We strongly
encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and members of other underrepresented
communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample in one
combined document to HR.Thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last
Name - Fall DC Fellow Application.” The application deadline is July 18, 2025.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-217-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) is now accepting
applications for press and legislative internships during the fall 2025 term. This
internship is a great opportunity for individuals who seek to gain public service experience
and insight into Capitol Hill. This is a full-time, in-person position.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Answering phone calls
• Greeting office visitors
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Coordinating tour requests and leading tours of the Capitol
• Attending congressional briefings, hearings and other professional development events
• Drafting press releases to be posted on the website and social media accounts
• Researching legislation and writing cosponsor memos for the legislative team
• Assisting operations, communications, and legislative staffers with various tasks
Other duties will be based on the intern's interests.
We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, customer service skills, and
strong writing skills. Start and end dates are flexible. MI-13 ties and service industry
experience are pluses.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age. We strongly
encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and members of other underrepresented
communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample in one
combined document to HR.Thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last
Name - Fall DC Press or Legislative Intern Application.” The application deadline is

July 18, 2025. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. No calls or drop-ins,
please.

MEM-215-25
Fall Internship for House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs- Majority
Background:
House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs has a need to hire an intern in the Washington, D.C.
office in a full-time capacity. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume
and cover letter.
Job Expectations:
Interns provide support with a variety of committee activities, including but not limited to:
administrative and logistical support for hearings, business meetings, and mark-ups;
assisting the committee’s communications team with media relations activities; and
conducting legislative research for policy issues within the committee’s jurisdiction.
Job Duties:
Administrative Support
• Provides administrative and logistical support to ensure Committee hearings,
business meetings, and mark-ups are run in an efficient and effective manner
• Serves as an initial point of contact for visitors (e.g., hearing witnesses, government
officials, and other VIPs) who have business with the Committee and its staff
• Answers phone calls and routes mail and other messages to appropriate
committee staff for further action
Legislative
• Partners with the committee staff prepare stakeholder inquiries on oversight and
policy issue areas within the committee’s jurisdiction
• Performs research on issues or topics related to public law, regulation, and
legislation
• Attends meetings with stakeholders and assists the legislative staff prepare for
hearings and mark-ups
Featured Skills:
• Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles
• Research and Analysis: Collects, synthesizes, and analyzes information from a
variety of stakeholders and sources in an objective, unbiased manner to inform
strategic decision making.

•
•

•

Planning and Coordination: Organizes work and sets priorities. Coordinates with
others to accomplish goals; monitors progress and evaluates outcomes.
Interpersonal Skills: Develops and maintains effective relationships with others
from diverse backgrounds and in different situations. Shows understanding,
courtesy, tact, empathy, and politeness.
Written Communication: Writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing
manner.

Preferences:
• Pursuing or completing Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education
and experience
• A demonstrated interest in public service
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume by 8/01/2025
to the Chief Clerk, nicholas.west@mail.house.gov. Please follow the subject template:
HVAC_Fall_Firstname_Lastname
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-214-25
The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY, will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Fall Semester 2025.
Applications will be accepted June 24th, 2025 – July 25th, 2025.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Completing constituent calls
• Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations
• Day-to-day office work
• Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the D.C.
office
• Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case work
or work on District-based projects of importance
Interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office, congressional
communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should possess excellent

communication skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
•
•
•
•

Resume
Cover letter
One-page writing sample
Dates of availability

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students and current graduate students.
For more information on the district internship please
visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
To apply for the Summer 2025 District Office Internship, please fill out the google form
found here: Fall 2025 DO Internship Application Google Form. Our office will be
accepting applications on a rolling basis until July 25th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early.

MEM-213-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting applications
for an internship during the 2025 Fall term. Applicants must be based in Washington,
D.C. for the duration of the fall internship (early September to mid-December, subject to
change).
Full-time paid internships run Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House
Calendar). Part-time internships are scheduled to accommodate students’ course
schedules, as well as the needs of the office. Part-time interns can expect to receive either
pay or academic credit. Interns must be a U.S. citizen and legally eligible to work for the
U.S. federal government.
In Washington, D.C., interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations.
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing
inquiries.
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests.

•
•
•
•
•
•

Day-to-day office work to assist with the functioning of the congressional office and
other duties as delegated by members of the staff.
Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting constituent
letters.
Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff.
Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team.
Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the Rochester
office.
Other administrative tasks as assigned.

Throughout the semester, interns will learn about the operations of a congressional office,
congressional communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should
possess excellent written and verbal communications skills, a strong attention to detail,
the ability to succeed in a fast-paced work environment, and a good sense of humor. New
York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following within the application form listed below:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• Writing sample (ex. policy memo, short essay, etc.) (max. 2 pages)
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college graduates.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.
To apply for the Fall 2025 DC Internship, please fill out the google form found here: Fall
2025 DC Internship Application Google Form. Our office will be accepting applications
on a rolling basis until July 25th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit
their application early.

MEM-211-25
Legislative Intern
Representative Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications for paid legislative
internships in his Washington, DC office for the fall semester.

The ideal candidate will have excellent written and oral communications skills, interest in
the legislative process, resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fast-paced
environment. Ties to the Bay Area or California are preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislative issues, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and hearings, recommending
legislation to the Representative, and other tasks as assigned.
The Fall internship begins in August and will end mid-December, with flexible start and end
dates. At least 20 hours of availability per week is preferred.
The deadline to apply is July 18, 2025. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis, so
applicants are encouraged to apply as soon as possible. Due to the large volume of
applicants, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. To apply, please submit
a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as one PDF at this link. This position is
part time, in person, and is compensated at $15/ hour.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-210-25
Press Intern
Representative Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications for a paid press internship
in his Washington, DC office for the fall semester. The press intern will work closely with
the communications team.
Applicants should be organized, creative, familiar with current events, and detail oriented.
Responsibilities include answering telephones; compiling daily press clips; creating
content for social media; drafting press releases, newsletters, and other written materials;
maintaining press lists; clipping floor and hearing remarks; and designing graphics.
The ideal candidate is team-oriented, has a strong work ethic, and has an ability to excel in
fast-paced environments. Excellent written and oral communication skills are a must.
Relevant communications skills such as graphic design, social media, and video editing
experience are preferred.
The Fall internship begins in August and will end mid-December, with flexible start and end
dates. At least 20 hours of availability per week is preferred.

The deadline to apply is July 18th, 2025. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis,
so applicants are encouraged to apply as soon as possible. Due to the large volume of
applicants, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. To apply, please submit
a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as one PDF, as well as one sample
graphic you have created, at this link. This position is part time, in person, and is
compensated at $15/ hour.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-208-25
Fall District Internship with the Office of Congresswoman Bynum
The Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-05) is seeking part-time interns to join
our district office in Oregon City, Oregon. Preferred start date beginning in August 2025,
with an end date in December 2025. Seeking applicants available to work in-person 12-24
hours per week.
DUTIES:
• Handle incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness.
• Assist Member and key staff with logistical and administrative duties.
• Receive and log input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response.
• Organize press clips and assist the communications team with social media posts and
talking points.
• Attend briefings and hearings, conduct research, and draft correspondence and
memoranda.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• College student in good academic standing.
• Good oral and written communication skills.
• The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and compassion
• Problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and use good judgement.
• Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by July 29.

MEM-207-25
Fall D.C. Internship with the Office of Congresswoman Bynum
The Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-05) is seeking part-time interns to join
our office in Washington DC. Preferred start date in early September 2025, with an end
date in December 2025. Seeking applicants available to work 12-24 hours per week.
DUTIES:
• Handle incoming correspondence with poise, professionalism, and promptness.
• Assist Member and key staff with logistical and administrative duties.
• Update the office’s legislative tracker and perform research on legislative measures.
• Attend briefings and hearings, conduct research, and draft correspondence and
memoranda.
• Partner with communications team to create speeches, social media posts, and talking
points.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• College student in good academic standing.
• Good oral and written communication skills.
• The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and compassion
• Problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and use good judgement.
• Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by July 29, 2025.
NOTICE:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-204-25
The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks qualified
undergrad students and recent graduates for Legislative Interns for the Fall 2025 session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give students a
thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative
process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with administrative
tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials
for staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow

staff at hearings and markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects within the
Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fast-paced
environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in particular, the
role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative process. Superior writing
and communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Fulltime availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply. Interns
will receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to receive
credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
(two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your cover letter, please
indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and whether you are available
to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Fall 2025 Legislative Intern Application” in the
subject line. The deadline for applications is July 25, 2025.
Please, no phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-193-25
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking part- and full-time interns
for the fall (September - December). Our interns work closely with Committee staff to
prepare materials for Committee meetings, conduct research projects, learn about the
Rules of the House and the various procedures for legislation to reach the House Floor,
and complete a variety of other administrative tasks. Ideal candidates have strong writing
skills, a good work ethic, an interest in learning about House floor procedures, and are
detail-oriented. Interns will gain experience in legislative analysis, political
communications, and institutional processes.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. Massachusetts ties are a plus. All
offers are conditional on completion of a federal criminal background check. The office is
an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter explaining why you want to
join the Democratic Staff of the House Rules Committee to democratsrules.house.gov/about/internships. No calls or drop-ins, please. The deadline to apply is
July 14, 2025.

Note: Students on quarter systems or with unusual schedules are still encouraged to
apply—please apply by the appropriate deadline in advance of your desired internship
term and detail your particular situation in your cover letter.

MEM-192-25
Title: “Fall 2025 Legislative Internship – DC Office of Congresswoman Mary Gay
Scanlon”
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Applications for Fall 2025 internships will be accepted beginning June 23rd, 2025 and
are due July 23rd, 2025.
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
• Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
• Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public service.
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to
assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall
Legislative Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and
compile all application materials into one PDF document.

