Internship Openings
Week of August 10, 2026
Law Clerk - MEM-256-26
U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Homeland Security: Oversight,
Investigations, and Accountability Subcommittee (Majority)
Description: Law clerks will have the opportunity to work with the Committee’s policy,
oversight, and investigative teams, conducting legal and policy research, reviewing
documents, and preparing materials for hearings, markups, and other Committee
activities.
Length: Specific dates will be determined on a case-by-case basis, but the fall clerkship
period runs from September to December. Preference will be given to candidates who are
available at least three days per week.
Pay: This is a paid position, and the Committee is happy to work with applicants seeking
academic credit.
Requirements: Applicants must be current law students with strong research and writing
skills who are enthusiastic about the Committee’s mission to protect the homeland and
strengthen national security.
Interested individuals should submit a resume, brief cover letter, and writing sample
to CHSJobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Law Clerkship.” Applications
will be reviewed on a rolling

Internship - MEM-252-26
Internship for House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs- Majority Staff
House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs has a need to hire Fall interns in the Washington,
D.C. office in a full-time capacity. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a
resume and cover letter. Once the application period closes, the office will contact the
best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.

Job Expectations:
Interns provide support with a variety of committee activities, including but not limited to:
administrative and logistical support for hearings, business meetings, and mark-ups;
assisting the committee’s communications team with media relations activities; and
conducting legislative research for policy issues within the committee’s jurisdiction.
Job Duties:
Administrative Support
• Provides administrative and logistical support to ensure Committee hearings,
business meetings, and mark-ups are run in an efficient and effective manner
• Serves as an initial point of contact for visitors (e.g., hearing witnesses, government
officials, and other VIPs) who have business with the Committee and its staff
• Answers phone calls and routes mail and other messages to appropriate
committee staff for further action
Legislative
• Partners with the committee staff prepare stakeholder inquiries on oversight and
policy issue areas within the committee’s jurisdiction
• Edits Legislative Transcripts
• Performs research on issues or topics related to public law, regulation, and
legislation
• Attends meetings with stakeholders and assists the legislative staff prepare for
hearings and mark-ups
Featured Skills:
• Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles
• Research and Analysis: Collects, synthesizes, and analyzes information from a
variety of stakeholders and sources in an objective, unbiased manner to inform
strategic decision making.
• Planning and Coordination: Coordinates with others to accomplish goals;
monitors progress and evaluates outcomes.
• Interpersonal Skills: Shows understanding, courtesy, tact, empathy, and
politeness.
• Written Communication: Writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing
manner for the intended audience.
Preferences:
• Pursuing or completed Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education
and experience
• Prior stakeholder service or customer relationship management experience is
preferred
• A demonstrated interest in public service
Applicant Instructions:

All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume by
08/12/2026 to the VAR.resumes@mail.house.gov
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

Internship - MEM-251-26
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Fall 2026 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island office, to start at the beginning of September and go until end of
December.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
• Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the Member
office to constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;
• Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
• Assists Member and key staff (e.g. Staff Assistant, Press Assistant, Constituent
Services Team) with logistical and administrative duties;
• Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response;
• Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
• Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at local events;
• Accompanies district staff to public forums, meetings, and events as a
representative to the Member.
Applicants should apply on our
website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships

Video Internship - MEM-249-26
VIDEO INTERNSHIP
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable Video Production Intern this fall. Interns will be responsible for
helping with clipping streams of sessions, editing and captioning videos, helping with
shoots, scripting content and other and administrative tasks as assigned. Successful
candidates will possess extreme familiarity with Adobe Premiere Pro. Additional
experiences with Adobe After Effects and Photoshop are a plus.

Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment is a must. Candidates will be
expected to work in-person in Washington, DC, with opportunities for remote work during
Congressional recesses. Full-time candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences
are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, portfolio, and your availability this fall to
ethan.cesar@mail.house.gov and OversightPress@mail.house.gov.

Press and Digital Internship - MEM-245-26
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of California,
seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2026 term. The Press and Digital
Intern will help communicate the Congresswoman’s work through social media, graphics,
photography, video, and other digital content. This position is well suited for a creative
candidate who is interested in public service and eager to build communications
experience in a congressional office.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist
with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video
editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. Press Intern responsibilities will vary but may
include answering phones and data entry. Washington DC interns may be asked to assist
in researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending briefings,
hearings, and markups, and responding to constituent correspondence.
Preferred qualifications may include:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Strong writing, editing, and social media instincts
Familiarity with Canva, photography, video editing, or graphic design
An interest in digital marketing, audience engagement, or social media analytics
Strong media literacy, attention to detail, and sound judgment
An ability to listen closely, follow instructions, learn through observation and a
willingness to try new approaches
Preferred qualifications may include:
Strong writing, editing, and social media instincts
Familiarity with Canva, photography, video editing, or graphic design
An interest in digital marketing, audience engagement, or social media analytics
Strong media literacy, attention to detail, and sound judgment

An ability to listen closely, follow instructions, learn through observation and a willingness
to try new approaches
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official
website and complete the application form:

https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application, a cover
letter, resume, and 2 writing samples (1 writing sample & 1 graphic example preferred,
but not required).
Ties to California’s 7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are
considered on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race,
religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family
status, or military status.

Fall Internship - MEM-244-26
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of California,
seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Sacramento) offices for the Fall 2026
term. Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process firsthand and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data entry.
Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation for the Member
and legislative staff, attending briefings, hearings, and markups; and answering
constituent letters on various issues. Interns based in California may also be asked to
assist on a variety of constituent casework or in-district projects, as needed.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official
website and complete the application form:
https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application, a cover
letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to California’s 7th District are
preferred, but not required.
All applications are considered on a rolling basis. All applications are considered on a
rolling basis. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based
on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status.

Interns -MEM-228-26
A senior Republican Representative serving on the House Financial Services Committee is
seeking interns for the Fall of 2026 in their Washington D.C office. Interns will gain a strong
understanding of the functions of a congressional office and firsthand experience with the
legislative process. Internship start and end dates are flexible and part-time internships
are available for students. Full-time hours are Monday-Friday 9:00-5:00. This is a paid
opportunity with a monthly stipend and reimbursement for Metro commute.

Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, assisting with
constituent correspondence, conducting legislative research, leading Capitol tours,
attending hearings and briefings and drafting memos. Applicants should be detail oriented,
able to work well in a fast-paced environment, have strong oral and written communication
skills and an interest in public policy. Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to: Kieran.Patch@mail.house.gov.

