Internship Openings
Week of November 18, 2024
MEM-482-24
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2025
term. Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative
process first-hand and the many functions of a Congressional office. The Press
and Digital Intern will help build out the Congresswoman’s digital and social
media presence, with heavy emphasis on creating engaging social media
content and graphics.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media
skills to assist with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with
graphic design/video editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or
digital media role (including internships) are preferred but not required. Press
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data
entry. Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation
for the Member and legislative staff, attending briefings, hearings, and
markups; and answering constituent letters on various issues.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official
website and complete the application
form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application,
a cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to California’s
7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a
rolling basis. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin,
sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status.

MEM-481-24
The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for part and full-time interns for the spring internship session. The
start date would be as early as January 7th (flexible depending on availability)

with a flexible end date. Each intern will receive up to a $1,000 stipend
depending on availability based on a 40-hour workweek.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable
experience with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily
operations of the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional
manner at all times. Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors,
answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, opening and sorting mail,
attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various other tasks to
assist staff.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to nj02internships@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re
applying for a spring internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume],
[Full Name_Cover Letter].

MEM-480-24
The U.S. Helsinki Commission (Commission on Security and Cooperation in
Europe) seeks candidates for its Max Kampelman Fellowship program. Named
for a longtime U.S. Ambassador to the Conference on Security and Cooperation
in Europe, Kampelman Fellows represent the next generation of American
leaders in security policy, human rights, and strategic communications.
Policy fellows will work in political and military affairs, economic and
environmental matters, or human rights and fundamental freedoms, based on
their areas of interest, expertise, and needs of the Commission. Under the
direction of commission policy advisors, policy fellows research topics and
trends relating to international military, economic, and human rights issues
throughout the 57-country OSCE region; assist staff advisors with hearings,
briefings, congressional delegations, legislation, and publications; attend
congressional hearings, panels, and events; and perform administrative duties.
Applicants should demonstrate excellent writing, analysis, research, and oral
presentation skills, as well as an interest in government, international
relations, and human rights.
Communications fellows support projects and initiatives in all areas of the
commission’s portfolio. Communications fellows assist with media outreach
activities; help publicize Commission hearings and briefings; staff Commission
events; develop web content; and craft creative and engaging content to be
shared on social media. They also assist with other special communications
projects and perform administrative duties. Applicants should demonstrate
excellent writing and editing skills, a basic understanding of WordPress,

knowledge of social media platforms, and an interest in government.
Photography skills are a plus.
The Kampelman Fellowship program is open to current or registered graduate
students; applications may be accepted from recent undergraduates (the
beginning of the fellowship term should be less than one year since
graduation), and in exceptional circumstances, undergraduate students with
previous internship experience. Kampelman Fellowships last three months,
with fellows expected to work 30 hours per week in-person at our office in
Washington DC.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to csce.fellowships@mail.house.gov by December 2, 2024, to be considered. In the
subject line of your e-mail application please put your first initial and last
name, as well as indicate whether you are applying for a policy fellowship or a
communications fellowship. Applicants to the communications fellowship may
send samples of their work including copywriting, graphic design, videos,
and/or photography, if they wish. For more information, please
visit: https://www.csce.gov/join-our-team/max-kampelman-fellowships/

MEM-479-24
Thank you for your interest in interning at my Durham District office or my
Washington, DC office!
Applications for the 2025 Spring Internship program in my Washington, D.C.
Office or Durham District Office are now open.
DC intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending hearings
and briefings on behalf of legislative staffers, supporting staff members with
legislative research and other tasks as assigned, compiling daily press clips for
the Congresswoman, sorting constituent correspondence and drafting
responses, answering phone calls, and greeting visitors to the office.
District intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering
phones, conducting research, assisting with constituent casework, engaging in
constituent correspondence, community outreach, and assisting with special
projects at the discretion of the District Director. As a result, the intern will gain
invaluable knowledge about our district and will be an integral part of the
functioning of our District Office.
This is a paid internship that offers students the opportunity to gain invaluable
work experience. Full-time interns must work at least 35-40 hours a week,
Monday-Friday. Part-time interns must work at least 10-20 hours a week,

Monday-Friday, and hours may be flexible to accommodate students’ course
schedules.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis and students are encouraged to
apply early. The due date for applications is November 22, 2024. Interested
applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and at least two references
to NC04Resumes@mail.house.gov. Incomplete applications will not be reviewed.

MEM-477-24
Spring 2025 DC Internship
The okice of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, Spring 2025 Interns for the
Washington, D.C. okice. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the
front okice, assisting legislative stak with research, assisting the communications teams
with drafting, and other tasks as assigned. Successful candidates will work well under
deadlines, are organized, hard-working, detail-oriented, have excellent customer service
skills, and are team players. Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Interns will be eligible for a
monthly stipend. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and 2 writing
samples to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Spring 2025 DC Intern - [Last Name], [First
Name]” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-472-24
Winter/spring internships in Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s okice will be held inperson in the Washington, D.C. okice. Schedules are ﬂexible to accommodate academic
schedules. Interns are paid on an hourly basis. Start dates would be expected in early to
mid-January.
Interns would have the chance to gain valuable hands-on experience while serving the
constituents of California’s 45th district. Interns would be exposed to a wide range of policy
areas, including the Congresswoman’s work on the House Ways and Means Committee,
Education and Workforce Committee, AI Task Force, and the Select Committee on the
Chinese Communist Party. Responsibilities would include corresponding with
constituents, performing research for stak, giving tours of the Capitol building, attending
Congressional hearings, and helping prepare for upcoming hearings.
Interested applicants should send a copy of their resume to
Andrew.Weinstock@mail.house.gov. Successful interns have strong attention to detail and
communications skills, as well as a strong interest in learning about the legislative process.

MEM-466-24

Spring Internship post
Congressman Cory Mills’ (FL-07) Washington, D.C. okice is currently seeking qualiﬁed
individuals to serve in his Washington, D.C. okice for the Spring of 2024.
Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional okice, while gaining ﬁrsthand
knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting stak with legislative
projects and attending brieﬁngs and hearings.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing skills, as well
as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a must. This is
a paid internship.
Please send resumes and cover letter to Milka.jurado2@mail.house.gov

MEM-465-24
DC Legislative Intern
The Office of Congressman Joaquin Castro (TX-20) is looking to hire a motivated
and detail-oriented college student or recent college graduate to join our
Washington, D.C. office for the upcoming Spring 2025 Semester.
Interns are responsible for answering phones, researching legislation,
attending hearings and briefings, and responding to constituent letters on the
various issues that come before the House. As a result, interns will experience
a firsthand look at the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.
Candidates should be interested in public policy, detail-oriented, motivated,
organized, willing to learn, have good phone etiquette, and strong writing skills.
This internship will run from January 2025 – April 2025. All interns are paid $15
an hour.
Interested applicants should email cover letter, resume, a 2-page wiring
sample, and a completed Intern Application Form
to Castro.InternApplication@mail.house.gov. Applications will be accepted
until November 26th 6:00 PM EST.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.

MEM-464-24
DC Legislative Intern
The Okice of Congressman Joaquin Castro (TX-20) is looking to hire a motivated and detailoriented college student or recent college graduate to join our Washington, D.C. okice for
the upcoming Spring 2025 Semester.
Interns are responsible for answering phones, researching legislation, attending hearings
and brieﬁngs, and responding to constituent letters on the various issues that come before
the House. As a result, interns will experience a ﬁrsthand look at the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional okice.
Candidates should be interested in public policy, detail-oriented, motivated, organized,
willing to learn, have good phone etiquette, and strong writing skills.
This internship will run from January 2025 – April 2025. All interns are paid $15 an hour.
Interested applicants should email cover letter, resume, a 2-page wiring sample, and a
completed Intern Application Form to Castro.InternApplication@mail.house.gov.
Applications will be accepted until November 26th 6:00 PM EST.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex,
gender identity, disability, or age.

MEM-464-24
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Spring 2025 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island okice, to start at the beginning of January.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Duties include, but are not limited to:
Provides a welcoming environment and positive ﬁrst impression of the Member okice to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;
Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
Sorts and distributes mail;
Assists Member and key stak (e.g. stak assistant, scheduler, District Director) with
logistical and administrative duties;
Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member okice’s
consideration and response;
Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at local events;
Accompanies district stak to public forums, meetings, and events as a representative to
the Member.

Applicants should apply on our website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships
Consistent with applicable law, the Okice requires all interns to be fully vaccinated against
COVID-19 as a term and condition of employment.
Female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The okice is an
equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.

MEM-463-24
Paid Spring 2025 Legislative Internship – DC Okice of Congresswoman Mary Gay Scanlon
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC okice for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are ﬂexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•

Drafting constituent correspondence
Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the Congresswoman
Attending brieﬁngs, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
Responding to constituent mail and answering okice phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public service.
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to
assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring Legislative
Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and compile all application
materials into one PDF document.

MEM-459-24
Rep. Clik Bentz (OR-02) Congressional Paid Internship Opportunity
Description:
Congressman Clik Bentz (OR-02) is seeking Spring interns for his Washington D.C. Okice.
Congressman Bentz is a member of the House Judiciary Committee and the House Natural

Resources Committee. Ideal candidates will be college students or recent graduates who
are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detail-oriented, enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and
have customer service experience.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations and
legislative research. Although no two days are the same, an intern may be expected to
answer phones, greet Oregonians, attend policy meetings with other stak, and assist in
managing constituent correspondences and administrative operations. Interns may also
lead tours of the U.S. Capitol and attend committee hearings.
Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide valuable
experience for future endeavors. The internship will generate the opportunity to foster
excellent connections, learn about many issues akecting our state and country, gain
expertise in any policy areas you might be interested in, and get a detailed look at what
makes the United States the most enduring democracy in the world.
Desired Availability:
Applicants should be able to commit to at least 20 hours per week. Okice hours are
9:00AM – 5:00PM weekdays. The internship is in-person and paid.
All interested applicants are asked to ﬁll out the application form found on the
Congressman’s website: https://bentz.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-453-24
The okice of Congresswoman Stephanie Bice (OK-05) is seeking applicants for a paid
internship for the Spring 2025 term. Successful applicants will be motivated, detailoriented, display a strong work ethic, and interact well with constituents and others.
Furthermore, applicants should have a strong interest in the legislative process and the
functioning of Congress.
The intern would be expected to handle, sort and/or log incoming calls, mail, and electronic
correspondence, lead tours of the Capitol, conduct research, help draft legislative and
okicial correspondence, and assist the D.C. okice stak with work as assigned including
administrative and logistical support. Qualiﬁed applicants should possess strong and
ekective communication (both verbal and written), work well in a highly dynamic fastpaced environment, have good time management skills including the ability to prioritize,
and track multiple work products, possess attention to detail, and a willingness to learn
new skills and tasks and be ﬂexible in supporting the Member and all stak in various roles,
both administrative and legislative.
To apply, please email ok05internship@mail.house.gov with a copy of your resume.

MEM-447-24
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated Legislative Interns in our D.C.
okice for the Spring 2025 semester.
Interns in our D.C. okice will have the opportunity to witness the legislative process and the
inner workings of Capitol Hill ﬁrst-hand. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
answering constituent phone calls, attending policy brieﬁngs and meetings, providing tours
of the United States Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the needs of
the Congresswoman's stak. The internship will run from January through May, from 9 am-6
pm when Congress is in session and from 9 am-5 pm when Congress is not in session.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills, prioritizes
professionalism, is a dedicated team player, and has a friendly persona. Ties to Nevada's
First District are a plus, but not required. The okice of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
How to Apply:
Interested applicants should ﬁll out the form below and include a cover letter, resume, and
short (1-2 page) writing sample. Applications will be accepted until Sunday, December 1,
2024, on a rolling basis.
Application Form: airtable.com/appjUVDedFRF8MvRK/shrHMRz57ZvPcdOdy

MEM-446-24
The Office of Congresswoman Grace Meng (NY-06) seeks candidates for paid
Spring 2025 internship positions in the Washington D.C. office.
Intern responsibilities will vary and are designed to give interns insight to the
legislative process and a well-rounded experience on Capitol Hill. Some duties
include answering phones, running errands, giving Capitol tours, researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and
briefings, and answering constituent letters on various issues before the
House.
This internship will run from January to May. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students course schedules, but generally run from Monday to Friday, 9:00am to
5:00pm.
Applications for the Spring semester will be considered on a rolling basis.

Priority will be given to applicants who apply before November 1st. Interested
applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and their
availability to ny06_intern_app@mail.house.gov. Please include your name and the
semester for which you are applying in the subject line.

MEM-444-24
The okice of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is now accepting applicants for Spring
2025 Congressional Internships in our Washington, DC okice. Successful applicants will
be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work ethic, and interact well with
constituents. In addition, applicants should have a strong interest in the legislative process
and the function of Congress. A monthly stipend will be provided to individuals selected for
the internship.
Internship duties in the Washington, DC okice may include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative stak
• Attending congressional hearings and policy brieﬁngs
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House
• Helping the communications/press team
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Other projects as assigned by the stak
To apply, please email your resume to WisconsinResumes@mail.house.gov. Ties to the
state of Wisconsin are preferred, but not required.

MEM-440-24
Congressman Josh Harder (CA-9) is seeking motivated legislative interns for the Spring
Session in his Washington, DC okice. Interns will participate in the daily operations,
assisting with congressional hearings, writing memos, answering phones, sorting mail, and
supporting stak. Candidates should exhibit strong work ethic, attention to detail,
punctuality, and excellent writing skills. District ties are preferred but not required. This
paid internship provides valuable experience in government and politics. To apply, send
your resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample as a PDF
to Eli.Aguayo@mail.house.gov by COB on November 22nd, 2024.

MEM-414-24
The Okice of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking interns for our
Washington, D.C. and Los Angeles okices for the Spring 2025 term.
Our okice values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial environment.

We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to grow. Interns will have
great opportunities to learn from okice stak and network with others to make the most of
their time with our okice!
Intern Expectations
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service; possess
excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and communication skills;
work well in a team environment; and have a general understanding of the US political
system.
Internship Responsibilities
Legislative interns can expect to:
· Answer phones and assist in correspondence with
constituents
· Greet constituents and okice visitors
· Process tour requests and lead Capitol tours
· Handle mail
· Assist in processing casework
· Perform legislative research
· Work on other administrative tasks as directed
Press interns can expect to:
· Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant in drafting social media content
and other materials like press releases, website content, and newsletters
· Create graphic design posts for social media
· Compile daily press clips
· Edit video clips
· Maintain press lists
· Answer phones and assist in correspondence as needed.
In our DC okice, you can apply to be EITHER a Legislative OR Press intern. In our Los
Angeles okice, you will be a general okice intern.
Internship Dates and Details:
Spring internships are slated to start early January and go until late April/early May, with
some ﬂexibility. Interns are expected to work in person in the okice, Monday-Friday 9 a.m.5 p.m. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate remote or hybrid internships at this time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, November 22nd .
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter (in one

•

•

document) to:
· CA37.internships@mail.house.gov for DC okice internship.
Use the subject line “First name Last name [legislative] OR [press] – Spring 2025
internship”
· ca37.DOinternships@mail.house.gov for Los Angeles okice internship
Use the subject line “First name Last name – Spring 2025 Internship” in your email.
Please reach out our intern coordinator, Madilyn Brandon, with any questions
at Madilyn.Brandon@mail.house.gov.

MEM-396-24
The okice of Congressman Kevin Hern (OK-01) seeks motivated and team-oriented Interns
to assist with various okice duties based in his Washington, D.C. okice for the 2025 Spring
Term (January – April/May). Internships are intended to current undergraduate students,
recent college graduates, and students currently enrolled in graduate school.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering constituent phone calls, taking
notes at brieﬁngs and hearings, conducting tours of the Capitol, drafting correspondence
letters, assembling press and news clips, and assisting stak with other research and
administrative duties.
Ideal candidates have a strong interest in public policy, demonstrated responsibility,
respectable personal conduct, and are committed to serving the constituents of
Oklahoma’s 1st Congressional District with the utmost diligence.
Interested candidates should visit https://hern.house.gov/services/internship.htm for
application instructions.
Application Deadline: November 20th by 5pm CST
Start Date: January

