Internship Openings
Week of September 8, 2025
MEM-278-25
Job Description:
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable Video Production Intern this fall. Interns will be responsible for
helping with clipping streams of sessions, editing and captioning videos, helping with
shoots, scripting content and other and administrative tasks as assigned. Successful
candidates will possess extreme familiarity with Adobe Premiere Pro. Additional
experiences with Adobe After Effects and Photoshop are a plus.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment is a must. Candidates will be
expected to work in-person in Washington, DC, with opportunities for remote work during
Congressional recesses. Full-time and part-time candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume, portfolio,
and your availability this fall to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-272-25
The Office of Congressman Robert Garcia (CA-42) is hiring for a Paid Part-Time Press
Intern position (Fall 2025) to work in the Washington, D.C. office. The Press Intern works
closely with the communications team.
Primary educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily news clips.
• Assisting with graphic design and video editing.
• Drafting press releases and other written materials.
• Copy editing written materials.
• Maintaining press lists.
• Clipping committee remarks and cable hits.
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have previous
intern experience in communication with attention to deadlines.
All qualified applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are encouraged to
apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis

of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Interested
applicants should send a one page resume, one sample press release, one sample
graphic, and three relevant sample tweets to emily.kassner-marks@mail.house.gov
and ethan.cesar@mail.house.gov with “INTERN APP: Full Name, Fall 2025” in the subject
line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

