Internship Openings
Week of April 7, 2025
MEM-111-25
The Office of Congressman Jim Costa (CA-21) seeks a highly motivated and creative
Digital/Press Intern to join a fast-paced communications operation based in Rep. Costa’s
Washington, D.C. office for the Summer 2025 intern class. This is a paid internship role at
a $17.50 hourly wage.
This internship program prides itself on its educational aspects. Press interns will immerse
themselves in fast-paced press operations and learn the ins and outs of a congressional
communications shop. They will have an opportunity to learn and engage on various digital
platforms while learning how to connect people to policy.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and digital skills to assist with timesensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing
software, such as Adobe, Canva, and Photoshop. Candidates with experience in a press or
digital media role (including internships) are preferred but not required. California or Central
Valley ties are a plus. The intern will be under the supervision of the Communications
Director and Internship Coordinator.
Internship Responsibilities
• Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant with drafting social media
content, e-newsletters, targeted mailing, and website content.
• Edit photos and create engaging graphics in line with the Congressman’s brand.
• Clipping, editing, and compiling videos.
• Assist with the creation and maintenance of press lists.
• Compile daily press clips and reports about social media analytics.
• Other office tasks such as answering phones, drafting correspondence, conducting
tours, and other duties as required.

Internship Dates and Details:
Spring internships will start in early May 2025 and go until the end of August 2025, with
some flexibility. Interns are expected to work in compliance with the office's regular hours
of operation. Our office cannot accommodate remote or hybrid internships at this time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, April 11.
Apply: Interested applicants should fill out the internship application via our website:
Internships | Congressman Jim Costa (house.gov), specifying in their application their
desire to be a press intern for the 2025 Summer Cohort.
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. The Office of Rep. Jim Costa is an equal opportunity
employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment.
Contact: Please reach out to our intern coordinator, Grant Menolascino, with any questions
regarding the application process at Grant.menolascino@mail.house.gov.

MEM-110-25
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democrats seek
two motivated and reliable students to fill two full-time Digital Media and Traditional
Press Intern positions this Summer. The intern responsibilities include, but are not limited
to, written content creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess familiarity with
programs such as Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well
as compiling and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn are a must. This position is an integral part
of the Communications Team and reports to the Communications Director. Candidates
with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply,
please send a resume, cover letter, and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-109-25
Summer Intern
House Committee on Natural Resources – Democratic Staff
The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time Interns for Summer
2025 (June 2 – August 1). Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable.
Above all, we seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural
Resources Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
eager to learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research, prepare
for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid
communications.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Assist with administrative duties

•
•
•
•
•

Assist with legislative and policy projects
Research legislation, regulations, and public law
Assist with communications and outreach
Respond to requests for information
Attend briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff

Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and
concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations.
Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in
the U.S., and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems.
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work in-office when
Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a monthly stipend of
$3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military
status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable
accommodation to participate in the application or hiring process are encouraged to
request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
The application deadline is close of business on April 14. Interested candidates
should apply by visiting the House Natural Resources Committee Democrats’ website
at https://democrats-naturalresources.house.gov/internships.

MEM-099-25
Summer 2025 Internship
Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C. and Jersey
City offices for Summer 2025.
Ideal candidates are organized and passionate undergraduate students, graduate
students, or recent graduates with an interest in public service. Applicants should be selfstarters with excellent communication, writing and organizational skills.
Key responsibilities of D.C. and district interns include but are not limited to:
• Assisting with front office operations
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and processing other incoming
requests
• Drafting memos and conducting legislative research or community outreach

Applications are processed on a rolling basis, and candidates are encouraged to apply as
soon as possible. The internship will take place in-person from May to August. Preference
will be given to those with New Jersey ties and availability of at least 20 hours per week. A
stipend will be provided.
To apply, please fill out the application and submit a resume and cover letter through this
link: Internships | Representative Menendez (house.gov). Please indicate your availability
in your cover letter and format the files [LastName_CoverLetter] and [LastName_Resume].
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity,
marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation. Applicants with disabilities who
require reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes
are encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.

MEM-098-25
Press/Digital Internship
Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) seeks a press intern to start immediately in his
Washington, D.C. office. The ideal candidate will be reliable, creative, organized, and
motivated. Applicants should be self-starters with excellent communication and writing
skills.
Key responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Media monitoring and tracking press coverage related to the Congressman and his
work
• Video editing and graphic creation
• Drafting newsletters
Applications are processed on a rolling basis, and candidates are encouraged to apply as
soon as possible. A stipend will be provided. To apply, please submit a resume, cover
letter and a writing and graphic design sample in one PDF to nj08hiring@gmail.com with
the subject line “FULL NAME – Press/Digital Intern”
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity,
marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation. Applicants with disabilities who
require reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes
are encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.

MEM-093-25
Legal Fellow – Congressman Darrell Issa

Spring and Summer Legal Fellowships available with the Office of Congressman Darrell
Issa (CA-48) in Washington, D.C.
Duties include assisting the Congressman’s Judiciary team with legislative research,
memo drafting, and preparing materials for upcoming hearings for the Subcommittee on
the Courts, Intellectual Property, Artificial Intelligence, and the Internet, as well as his work
on the Antitrust Subcommittee and full Judiciary Committee.
We are looking for a current law student that possesses critical thinking skills, political
acumen, discretion, timeliness, strong analytical skills, and is able to work in a fast-paced
environment. The position will work with schooling needs.
A modest stipend is available.
Class credit for the schools may also be available. We are flexible on start and end dates.
Interested applicants should email their resume to levi.lall@mail.house.gov indicating the
job title in the subject line.

MEM-091-25
Summer 2025 DC Internship
The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, Summer 2025 Interns for the
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the
front office, assisting legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams
with drafting, and other tasks as assigned. Successful candidates work well under
deadlines, are organized, hard-working, detail-oriented, have excellent customer service
skills, and are team players. Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Interns will be eligible for a
monthly stipend. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and 2 writing
samples to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Summer 2025 DC Intern - [Last Name], [First
Name]” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-050-25
The Washington, D.C. olice of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks Interns for the
upcoming Summer 2025 term.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and brieﬁngs, drafting and
editing constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the
legislative stal, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing support for
the day-to-day activities of the olice. Interns are paid via a monthly stipend.

The Olice of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin,
age, or socioeconomic status.
All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples to
WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should indicate their
availability on both an hourly and monthly basis.
The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM ET on Friday, April 11th, 2025.

