Member and Committee Openings
Week of May 4, 2026
MEM-147-26
Congresswoman Nellie Pou (D-NJ-09) seeks a self-starting and creative Press Secretary
and/or Digital Manager to join her fast-paced communications team. The ideal candidate
will work closely with the Member and Communications Director to shape and amplify the
Congresswoman’s message across traditional and digital platforms and help manage the
office’s constituent engagement program. The ability to speak and write in Spanish is
preferred. Not an entry-level position, salary is commensurate with experience.
Key Responsibilities Include:
• Leading digital strategy and content across multiple platforms, including the oKicial
oKice website
• Creating original digital content, graphics, and videos
• Translating legislative and district work into compelling digital storytelling
• Fielding and responding to media inquiries
• Building relationships with national, regional and new media outlets
• Serving as liaison with Spanish media outlets
• Supporting proactive media strategy and rapid response
• StaKing DC-based events
• Assisting with media prep and message development
Qualifications:
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills
• Strong digital media expertise
• Video editing and graphic design skills
• Media relations experience
• Sound political judgment and knowledge of the legislative process
• Ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment
• Spanish language ﬂuency is preferred

Please submit a resume and cover letter to nj09job@gmail.com with “Pou Press
Secretary (First Name Last Name)” in the subject line to apply. Samples of digital work
are encouraged. The office is an equal opportunity employer; diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply.

MEM-146-26
The office of Congressman Greg Landsman is seeking a Staff Assistant/Driver to join our
D.C.-based team. The Staff Assistant/Driver is a key member of the D.C. team, serving as
the face of the office and ensuring seamless day-to-day operations. This role manages the
front desk, delivers high quality constituent service, drives the Member to official
engagements, and oversees the internship program. The position requires strong
judgment, discretion, and the ability to operate in a fast-paced, high-demand environment.
This role works closely with the Director of Operations and Scheduling to keep the office
running efficiently and on time.
Core Responsibilities:
• Serve as the ﬁrst point of contact for the oKice, providing a professional, responsive,
and
• welcoming experience for constituents, stakeholders, and VIPs
• Manage front desk operations, including phones, visitor intake, and daily oKice
• opening/closing procedures
• Ensure smooth execution of the Member’s daily schedule by coordinating visitor
ﬂow
• and communicating in real time with staK
• Drive the Member to oKicial duties throughout Washington, D.C., including evenings
• and oKsite events
• Lead and manage the D.C. internship program, including onboarding, scheduling,
and
• day-to-day oversight
• Triage and route constituent requests and inquiries eKiciently and accurately
• Support constituent services, including Capitol tours, ﬂag requests, and general
casework
• intake
• Assist with mail processing in coordination with legislative staK
• Maintain oKice operations, including supplies, deliveries, shipping, and overall
• organization
• Manage room reservations and provide on-the-ground support for meetings and
events
• Execute special projects and provide general administrative support as needed
Qualifications:
• Bachelor’s degree or equivalent professional experience preferred

•
•
•
•

Strong customer service or constituent services experience
Highly organized, detail-oriented, and able to manage competing priorities
Strong communication skills and sound professional judgment
Demonstrated commitment to public service

Requirements:
• Valid driver’s license, clean driving record, and insured, reliable personal vehicle
• Availability to work extended and irregular hours, including being on call while the
• Member is in Washington, D.C.
Interested parties should email a resume and cover letter as a single PDF to
jobs.landsman@mail.house.gov with the subject line “First name, last name – Staff
Assistant”
Salary range: $50,000 - $56,000

MEM-145-26
The District Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum OR-05 has an immediate need to hire
an experienced Caseworker for the Oregon City office in a full-time capacity. Interested
candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter by May 15th 2026. Once
the application period closes, the office will contact the best qualified candidates to begin
our interview process. This position is limited duration with the possibility of transition to
permanent.
Job Expectations:
The Caseworker plays an important role by serving as a liaison to the federal government
on behalf of the Member’s constituents. The Caseworker will also work closely with the
District Director, and Field Representatives to provide outstanding service to the Member’s
constituents. The Caseworker is responsible for answering casework correspondence and
verbal communications with constituents.
Job Duties:
• Serves as a liaison with federal government entities for individual constituent
concerns
• Monitors casework trends to provide updates to the Member and District Director
• Prepares incoming and outgoing constituent casework to manage casework in
assigned areas of expertise
• Maintains accurate and complete ﬁles on all assigned casework to keep track of all
casework progress
• Screens and monitors cases to determine if referring the case to other government
entities is appropriate

•
•
•
•

Answers casework correspondence, meets with constituents, and serves as a
liaison with federal, state, and local authorities to act as the representative for the
Member within their areas of responsibility
Attends community meetings to support public events
Writes responses to constituent letters relating to casework to answer questions or
inform them of case progress
Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an eKicient and eKective manner

Featured Skills:
• Attention to Detail: Performs work thoroughly and accurately; acts conscientiously
when attending to detail.
• Constituent / Stakeholder Service Driven: Anticipates and meets the needs of
constituents. Delivers high-quality products and services.
• Interpersonal Skills: Develops and maintains eKective relationships with others
from diverse backgrounds and in diKerent situations. Shows understanding,
courtesy, tact, empathy, and politeness.
• Teamwork: Encourages and facilitates cooperation, pride, trust, and group identity.
Fosters commitment and team spirit; works with others to achieve goals.
• Written Communication: Writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing
manner for the intended audience.
Preferences:
• Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience preferred
Prior experience working for federal, state, or local government, especially related to
casework is preferred
• Experience handling sensitive information and maintaining conﬁdentiality is
preferred
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume by
05/15/2026 to Jala.Hooks@mail.house.gov
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-144-26
Legislative Assistant | Representative Nanette Barragán (CA-44)
Rep. Nanette Barragán (CA-44) seeks a Legislative Assistant in her Washington, DC
office. The primary responsibility for this position will be handling the Member’s work on
telecommunications issues as a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Other
priority issues in the legislative portfolio include; housing|homelessness, artificial
intelligence, labor, education, and other issues as assigned.
Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, policy letters, memos, and talking points,
preparing for and staffing committee hearings, making vote recommendations, meeting
and maintaining relationships with constituents and advocacy groups, working closely with
the communications team and district staff, advancing a number of the Member’s
legislative priorities, and other tasks as required. The position requires strong written and
oral communication skills, the ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced work
environment, and to work collaboratively in a team environment.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least 2-3 years of Capitol
Hill or relevant policy experience, be highly motivated, detail-oriented professionals with
strong organizational and time-management skills, a positive attitude, and the ability to
work under pressure and meet deadlines in a fast-paced work environment.
Candidates with previous experience in telecommunications policy and working
knowledge of the FCC and NTIA are preferred. Applicants should also have experience
with coalition building and the ability to maintain strategic relationships with constituent
organizations.
Previous experience working on housing and homelessness issues, Los Angeles Metro
Area|Southern California ties, and Spanish language skills are a plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Salary range is $65-75,000 - commensurate with skills and experience.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, two references, and two
writing samples with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line to
CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-143-26
Congressman Frank Pallone seeks a Legislative Director in his Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include:
•
•
•
•
•

Advise the Member on all legislative policy areas and manage the legislative staff.
Partner with the Member and staff to develop legislative strategy and advance
policy priorities through the legislative process.
Track legislation affecting the district and legislation in which the Member is a
principal sponsor.
Monitor Floor action and make vote recommendations to the Member and the Chief
of Staff.
Develop, submit and track appropriations requests, including Community Project
Funding.

Applicants should send, as a single PDF file, a cover letter, resume and three
references with “Legislative Director” in the subject line to
resume.nj06@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.

MEM-142-26
Congressman Ro Khanna’s office in Washington, DC has an immediate opening for a
Digital & Operations Assistant, which offers responsibility for a range of digital tasks
including video editing and graphic design and administrative duties like leading the
office’s intern program and updating the website. This is a non-supervisory, exempt
position. The starting salary is $71,000 per year. The application process may include
several interviews and a practical test of relevant skills. There is one current job vacancy,
and the office has the right to fill any number of positions vacant or becoming vacant
during the life of postings.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
DIGITAL DUTIES:
• Clip TV appearances, committee hearings, and other video content for social media.
• Assist with press releases, statements, talking points, ﬂoor speeches, and op-eds.
• Assist with daily social media content including videos, graphics, and tweets.
• Work with the Communications Director to maintain press lists.
• Work with the district oKice to publicize constituent services and events.

•
•
•
•

Manage live-streaming and photography at press conferences and DC-based
events.
Ability to work evenings and some weekends as needed.
Assist with updating the website.
Other duties as assigned.

OPERATIONS AND GENERAL DUTIES
• Perform administrative duties that facilitate logistical operations, such as
overseeing equipment and supplies, assisting with oKice administration, as well as
answering phones, logging calls and helping to serve walk-in constituents.
• Work with fellow staK members on a variety of tasks and projects that directly
beneﬁt our constituents.
• Anticipate and stay up to date on schedule changes/obstacles and help
communicate them to Rep. Khanna and staK.
• Special project coordination and helping the team manage events hosted by the
Congressman, such as issues-based forums and roundtable meetings.
• Lead the oKice’s intern program and train and mentor student interns.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
A bachelor’s degree with strong academic credentials, or equivalent experience/training in
legislation or public service (e.g., casework, constituent service, community outreach) is
required.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others (both co-workers and
constituents). Past customer service experience is strongly preferred.
• Strong oral and written communication skills, as well as public speaking
experience.
• Professional telephone manner and temperament to communicate with a variety of
personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
• Familiarity with video editing and social media platforms.
• Thoroughness, organizational skills, and careful attention to detail.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities.
• Knowledge of oKice policies, practices, and procedures; oKice computer
applications; and proﬁciency in word processing.
WORK CONDITIONS, SCHEDULE and BENEFITS:
The Digital & Operations Assistant is a represented position, eligible to join the
Congressional Workers Union.
TO APPLY: The Office of U.S. Congressman Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer;
we do not discriminate based on race, color, religion or lack thereof, national origin, sex,
gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital or family status, disability, arrest history,

military service, organizing activity, or any ground that is specifically prohibited by law or
regulation applicable to the Office; all are welcome and encouraged to apply. Note that all
successful candidates must meet citizenship-related requirements and undergo a security
check.
Please e-mail a cover letter, brief writing sample and resume to ca17jobs@gmail.com

MEM-140-26
Office of Congressman Eric Sorensen (D-IL-17)
Constituent Service Representative (Caseworker)
Congressman Eric Sorensen has an immediate need to hire a full-time Constituent
Services Representative (Caseworker) in the Peoria or Rock Island district office.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, a writing sample (see prompt
below), and 2-3 professional references.
Summary:
The Caseworker acts as a liaison to federal agencies for the Member's constituents. This
position will handle a portfolio of cases on behalf of the Member and work closely with the
District Director, Deputy District Director, and colleagues to provide outstanding service to
the Member's constituents. The Caseworker is also responsible for meeting and
communicating with constituents, submitting and answering correspondence with
constituents and federal agencies, and referring non-federal casework to the appropriate
state or local office.
Qualified candidates should be capable of managing time effectively and prioritizing
assignments with tact. Applicants must be able to exercise discretion and work well in a
team environment.
Salary Level/Range: $50,000 - $55,000, commiserate with experience.
Job Duties:
• Serves as a liaison with federal government entities for individual constituent
concerns
• Prepares and manages incoming and outgoing correspondence, referrals, and case
intake
• Maintains accurate and complete ﬁles on all assigned casework
• Works closely with supervisor and, when appropriate, DC staK to ensure district
priorities are reﬂected in legislative priorities
• Attends community meetings and develops relationships with local and federal
points of contact to support the assigned case portfolio

•
•

Writes responses to constituent letters relating to casework to answer questions or
inform them of case progress
Log correspondence, telephone calls, and opinions

Additional Requirements:
• Strong oral and written communication skills Proﬁciency in Windows-based
operating systems and software
• EKective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the oKice
• Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staK members, and community members in a fast-paced, highly dynamic
environment
• Time management skills, including the ability to prioritize and track work status
• Attention to detail
• Willingness to learn and become an expert in assigned agency or policy areas
• Able to work a ﬂexible schedule as directed, including some nights and weekends
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume and references in a combined PDF to
joscelyn.rowe@mail.house.gov with the subject “Caseworker: LAST NAME” by
Tuesday, May 26, 2026. Please include in the body of the email if you currently live in
the Peoria or Quad Cities region; if not, note whether you’re willing to relocate.
Incomplete or late submissions will not be considered.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.
Writing Sample Prompt
Letter of Commendation (On Behalf of the Congressman)
Context for Applicants:
You are a staff member in a congressional office. A constituent, Jordan Riley, recently
alerted the office to an incident involving a local USPS letter carrier, Casey Thompson, who
went above and beyond while serving the community.
Scenario Details (to incorporate into your letter):
Casey noticed mail piling up at the home of an elderly resident, Patricia Wells.
Concerned for Patricia’s well-being, Casey contacted local authorities for a wellness
check. The wellness check found Patricia had fallen inside her home and needed
immediate medical assistance. Patricia’s family later contacted the congressional office
to express their gratitude for Casey’s attentiveness. The congressional office seeks to
formally commend Casey for quick thinking and exceptional service.

Your Task:
Draft a one-page formal letter of commendation written on behalf of the Congressman to
the local USPS leadership.
Addressee:
Postmaster Jamie Delgado, United States Postal Service, appropriate address, city, state,
and ZIP.
The letter must:
• Clearly describe the incident and Casey’s actions.
• Express appreciation on behalf of the Congressman and the oKice.
• Emphasize the value of public-servant dedication and community safety.
• Use a professional, warm, constituent-focused tone suitable for congressional
correspondence.
• Be polished, well-structured, and free of errors.
• Include appropriate formal elements (date, salutation, closing, and the
Congressman’s oKice representation).
Length: Approximately one page.
Formatting notes: Assume House letterhead and standard business format. Avoid
partisan language; focus on public service and community impact.
• Word count target: ~350–500 words.
• Submission format: PDF or Word; 12-pt font; 1-inch margins.
• Naming convention: 2026.LastName_FirstName_CommendationLetter.

MEM-139-26
THE OFFICE OF CONGRESSWOMAN LAURA GILLEN
District Office - Garden City, NY
Summary: The office of Congresswoman Laura Gillen is looking for a dedicated and
organized individual to join her team as a Caseworker/Community Liaison. This position
requires bilingual proficiency in Spanish. The ideal candidate will act as a key point of
contact for constituents, serving as a liaison between the office and intergovernmental
agencies. Responsibilities include addressing constituent concerns, responding to
casework correspondence, and facilitating timely resolutions to issues. Additionally, the
Caseworker/Community Liaison will lead community engagement efforts and may
represent the office at various community events. This position will be based in the District
Office.
Title: Caseworker/Community Liaison *Bilingual Spanish *
Position Type: Full-time

Location: Garden City, NY
Salary: $55,000/ year
JOB DUTIES:
• Serves as the primary point of contact for constituents seeking assistance with
federal issues by navigating intergovernmental pathways.
• Respond to casework correspondence (letters, emails) and manage constituent
calls and inquiries.
• Work closely with government entities to facilitate the resolution of constituent and
community issues.
• Manage and maintain accurate and detailed casework records to ensure efficient
follow-up and reporting.
• Act as a representative of the office at community events. The Community Liaison is
responsible for serving as the primary contact for organizations in the community.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Ability to communicate clearly and interact professionally and empathetically with
constituents and agencies.
• High attention to detail with the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
• Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced office environment.
• Experience in public service, customer service, or constituent relations is a plus.
TO APPLY: Please email your resume to Sarah McCarthy, District Director at
sarah.mccarthy@mail.house.gov
The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-138-26
Office of Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib (MI-12)
Communications Director
The Office of Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib (MI-12) is seeking an experienced and highly
motivated Communications Director to join a fast-paced, collaborative team. The
Communications Director leads the Office’s communications team and works closely with
the Congresswoman and senior leadership teams. This is a full-time position based in the
Washington, D.C. office. The starting salary for this position will be commensurate with
experience. The Office offers competitive, comprehensive benefits.
Key Responsibilities:
• Develops and implements strategic communications plans based on district needs
and oKice priorities set by the Congresswoman and team, including quarterly
communications plans and bill introductions

•
•

•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Manages all external communications for the oKice
Manages all franked communications for the oKice with a six-ﬁgure-budget
(including mailed newsletters, postcards, text message outreach, robocalls,
telephone town halls, digital ads, etc.)
Manages and maintains relationships with communications vendors and local print
shops
Supervises and oversees the work of the Digital Media Manager and any
communications interns, including social media content creation, graphics, and
weekly e-newsletter
Coordinates with other congressional oKices and district stakeholders on
communications-related projects and events
Builds and maintains relationships with Capitol Hill and local media in Southeast
Michigan
Manages press conferences in the district and on Capitol Hill
Drafts press materials including media advisories, press releases, statements,
talking points, op-eds, etc., in consultation with relevant staK members
Takes lead in preparing the Congresswoman for interviews
Writes and manages ﬂoor speeches in consultation with the Legislative Director and
team
Manages rapid response to current events and breaking news in the district and the
nation
Maintains the oKice’s digital brand in consultation with the Digital Media Manager
Tracks media coverage and remains abreast of current events and national and local
issues about which the Congresswoman may be questioned
Aligns communications strategy with district priorities

Qualifications
• Experience managing or working on a Congressional communications team desired
• Exceptional writing skills and ability to adopt the Congresswoman’s voice
• Proﬁciency with social media platforms and photo/graphics tools
• Strong abilities to multi-task, stay organized, and work collaboratively in a fastpaced environment
• Existing press relationships and/or ability to quickly establish relationships with
national & district press
• Discerning, calm, and strategic under pressure
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis and are due no later than May 8,
2026. To apply, please email your cover letter, resume, and three references as ONE
PDF to: Rashida.Jobs@mail.house.gov (SUBJECT: COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR –
YOUR NAME).
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,

disability, military status, age, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by
applicable law. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.

MEM-136-26
Scheduler – Office of Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib
Location: Washington, DC
The Office of Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib (MI-12) is seeking an experienced and highly
motivated Scheduler to join a fast-paced, collaborative team. The Scheduler works
closely with the Chief of Staff and senior leadership to manage all aspects of the
Congresswoman’s schedule and ensure seamless daily operations. This is a full-time
position based in the Washington, D.C. office. This is not an entry level position. The
starting salary for this position will be commensurate with experience. The Office offers
competitive, comprehensive benefits.
Key Responsibilities
• Coordinate, maintain, and execute the Congresswoman’s schedule
• Serve as an entry point for constituents and stakeholders to engage the Office
• Track and manage RSVPs, invitations, and event logistics, as needed
• Ensure appropriate staffing for meetings and events when the Congresswoman is
unavailable
• Anticipate and troubleshoot scheduling conflicts in real time, adjusting priorities as
needed in a fast-moving environment
• Ensure proper time allocation for preparation, travel, and transition between
meetings and events
• Manage last-minute changes, cancellations, and urgent requests with
professionalism
• Draft and manage follow-up correspondence, including thank-you letters
• Arrange all official travel (air and ground) for the Congresswoman and staff
• Implement and maintain scheduling protocols and best practices to improve office
efficiency
• Perform additional duties as assigned by the Congresswoman and Chief of Staff
Qualifications
• Exceptional organizational, communication, and attention-to-detail skills
• Proficiency with video conferencing and meeting platforms and tools
• Strong multitasking abilities and follow-through; able to manage competing
priorities in a high-pressure environment
• Demonstrated problem-solving skills and a proactive, solutions-oriented mindset
• Ability to work collaboratively in a team setting, maintaining professionalism under
pressure

•

Strong candidates will have prior congressional and/or high-level scheduling
experience

Applications will be considered on a rolling basis and are due no later than Friday, May
1, 2026. To apply, please email your cover letter, resume and three references as ONE
PDF to: Rashida.Jobs@mail.house.gov (SUBJECT: SCHEDULER – YOUR NAME).
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by
applicable law. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.

MEM-134-26
Congressman Tom Suozzi seeks a Communications Director to serve in his Washington,
D.C. office. Successful candidates will have very strong writing skills, a close eye to detail,
fluency with social media platforms and digital tools, and experience working with national
and local press. Responsibilities include writing press releases, statements and media
advisories; creating and managing social media content, including graphics and videos;
drafting talking points and op-eds; and creating franked communications, including enewsletters, mailers and telephone townhalls.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or
national origin. Qualified individuals should submit a resume, cover letter and
relevant portfolio to NY03.jobs@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-133-26
Chairman Rick Crawford is seeking a highly motivated Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent to join his Washington, D.C. office.
A vital part of Washington operations, the Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent serves
as the face of the office while providing crucial support throughout the office. The ideal
candidate should possess a strong work ethic, an eye for details, and thrive in a fast-paced
setting. An interest in Chairman Crawford’s non-intelligence-related committee
assignments (T&I, Agriculture) is preferred. Arkansas ties are preferred but not required.
Responsibilities and Duties:
• Provide support to the legislative and operations teams as needed, including:
• Conduct legislative research and provide hearing preparation materials
• Attend brieﬁngs and monitor committee hearing activity

•
•
•
•
•
•

Maintain the front oKice while ensuring incoming meetings and groups are
processed eKiciently
Aid in record-keeping
Process and draft responses to incoming constituent correspondence, including
phone calls, SMS messaging, emails, and letters
Coordinate Washington, D.C. area tours and process ﬂag requests
Assist in the recruitment and coordination of Congressman Crawford’s Washington
internship program
All other duties as assigned

Preferences and Requirements:
• Strong written and verbal communication skills
• Ability to operate under tight deadlines
• Previous Capitol Hill experience preferred
• Familiarity with CMS platform, IQ
Interested applicants are invited to send a resume and writing sample to
AR01Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line Last_First_SA/LC by COB 04/27.

MEM-131-26
The Office of U.S. Representative LaMonica McIver seeks a highly organized, creative, and
team-oriented Press Secretary to execute a fast-paced and dynamic communications
plan. The Press Secretary will focus on building and maintaining relationships with state,
national, and new media. Responsibilities include developing and implementing proactive
communications plans, pitching and responding to inquiries, as well as writing speeches,
digital scripts, talking points, posts, releases, and other content as needed. The ideal
applicant is a strategic and creative thinker who is interested in working on a team that
manages an active legislative calendar and a high-profile legal case.
Applicants should be interested in expanding the office’s press outreach, paid
communication plan, and digital footprint, and will be able to demonstrate past success
leading such efforts through relevant experience. This position reports to the
Communications Director, is based in the Washington, D.C. office and requires some
evening and weekend hours and travel. This position is not a typical 9-5 and requires the
flexibility to be available outside of typical work hours. This is not an entry-level position.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Responsibilities include:
• Drafting written materials, including press releases, remarks, speeches, talking
points, and social media content aligned with the Congresswoman’s voice and
priorities
• Pitching and placing stories with national, local, and issue-specific reporters

•
•
•
•
•

Booking and prepping principal for major national and regional TV interviews;
expand new media outreach
Managing and executing owned media strategy, including coordination of social
platforms, digital strategy, and paid communications (franking experience is a plus)
Building and owning both press and public-facing events, such as press
conferences and roundtables, both virtual and in-person
Building local, national, and legal-specific press lists
Support an active and growing surrogate program by drafting talking points and opeds, booking TV interviews, and placing high-profile surrogates across media

Skills and knowledge required:
• Minimum of four years of experience in a fast-paced, political environment
• Demonstrated experience pitching and working directly with reporters
• Excellent writer, editor, and proofreader with both long and short form experience
• Proven ability to translate complex legal and legislative issues into clear,
compelling messages that resonate
• Proven ability to manage multiple priorities with speed, accuracy, and message
discipline
• Comfortable operating in a high-profile, high-stakes communications environment
on tight deadlines
• On-the-record experience strongly preferred
• Knowledge of the legislative process, paid communications, and legal
communications are all pluses
New Jersey and/or district ties are a plus. Hill experience is a major plus. Candidates of
diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status or parental status.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to NJ10jobs@gmail.com with
the subject line: [Full Name]_Press Sec Application. Applications accepted on a
rolling basis.

MEM-129-26
Senior House Financial Services Republican is seeking a Scheduler/Director of
Operations
The Scheduler/ Director of Operations will work closely with the Member, Chief of Staff,
and District Coordinator, and they will be responsible for the complex and dynamic
management of the Member's daily and long-term schedule in both Washington, D.C., and
the District. This critical role ensures the Member's time is strategically aligned with

legislative priorities, constituent needs, and political goals, serving as a gatekeeper and
primary liaison for all scheduling inquiries.
The responsibilities will include:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Managing the Member’s meeting requests and schedule in Washington DC – both
the daily and long term schedule.
Working with the District team to coordinate in-district events and travel.
Coordinating all logistics for meetings, briefings, Member travel, and Member
events.
Booking and managing all travel and hotel stays for the Member.
Being a liaison and point of contact for all scheduling communications.
Being supportive of the team dynamic and helping support office operations.

Requirements/Qualifications:
• Ability to handle confidential and time-sensitive information with discretion
• Ability to handle complex calendars and requests in a fast-paced professional
environment with exceptional organizational skills and a meticulous attention to
detail.
• Proficiency with Microsoft Outlook, Excel, and Google scheduling software
• An ability to maintain a calm and positive demeanor under a fast-paced workplace
environment
How to Apply: Please email your resume
to Matthew.Perricone@mail.house.gov and Courtney.Trigg@mail.house.gov

MEM-127-26
Deputy Communications Director - Office of Congresswoman McClain Delaney
The Office of Congresswoman McClain Delaney seeks an experienced and creative
Deputy Communications Director to join a dynamic communications operation in a fastpaced, proactive, and collaborative office. The Deputy Communications Director will
assist in developing and executing a comprehensive communications strategy that
advances the Representative’s legislative priorities, highlights constituent services,
elevates voices and issues in the district, and strengthens connections with local and
national media. This is not an entry level position and requires frequent availability on
nights and weekends.
CORE JOB DUTIES:
• Develop and implement the Member’s communications objectives in consultation
with the Communications Director and senior staK.
• Assist in directing social and digital media eKorts, including new media outlets,
ensuring alignment between message, visuals, and audience across platforms.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Write and edit a range of content, including speeches, newsletters, public
statements, talking points, and op-eds.
Manage a robust franking operation, including newsletters, 499s and mailers, eblasts, and other constituent communications in compliance with House rules.
Develop social media content creation, including rapid response.
Collaborate with legislative and district staK to ensure consistent, eKective
communication of policy initiatives and constituent services.
Stay up to date on current events and legislation relevant to the Member and the
priorities of the district; provide media analysis and strategic counsel to the
Representative and staK on messaging.
Supervise press staK and interns; collaborate with Digital Director and
Communications Director.
Assist the Member and senior staK in other projects and duties as assigned.

QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL HAVE:
• Capitol Hill experience or a demonstrated knowledge of Congress and the
legislative process. Preferably, 3-5 years of experience in political, campaign, or
advocacy communications.
• Superior writing, editing, and oral communications skills.
• Proven track record of managing creative or comms teams in high-pressure, highproﬁle environments.
• Creative thinker with innovative approaches and an understanding of traditional
communications and digital media.
• Ability to build structure in a fast-paced environment; possess strong project
management and organizational skills; prepared to adapt quickly and easily for
rapid response.
• Experience working with stakeholders on messaging opportunities and priorities
• Good sense of humor!
SALARY AND BENEFITS: $95,000-$110,000 - commensurate with experience. The position
is eligible for transit benefits, student loan repayment assistance, and parking.
TO APPLY:
Please submit ONE ATTACHMENT that includes a concise cover letter including salary
requirements; resume; two writing samples; and one digital work sample (i.e., graphic
or video) to jobopeningfordemmember@gmail.com with the subject line “[Full Name]
- Deputy Communications Director.” Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; the office does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status, or any other characteristic protected by
applicable law

MEM-125-26
The Office of Congresswoman Lois Frankel (FL-22), Ranking Member of the House
Appropriations National Security and Department of State Subcommittee (formerly
SFOPS), is seeking an experienced Communications Director with exceptional writing
skills to join her team. This is a full-time, in-person position based in Washington, D.C.
Responsibilities include:
• Developing and implementing strategies to best communicate the
Congresswoman’s work through TV, print media, social media, and paid media.
• Drafting communications materials including media advisories, press releases,
Floor and Committee remarks, op-eds, newsletters, statements, and press
conference and event remarks and memos.
• Managing spending on all paid media, including social media ads and boosted
posts, physical mailers, and telephone/virtual town halls, working with relevant
external vendors.
• Collaborating with legislative staff to prepare talking points and background for the
Congresswoman.
• Other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be an exceptionally strong writer, able to adapt to the
Congresswoman’s voice and needs, willing and able to effectively incorporate AI tools into
their writing, and be a team player who is eager to collaborate with colleagues. Florida ties
are a bonus. This is not an entry level position. Professional, full-time experience is
required.
The starting salary range is $95,000 - $115,000 annually, commensurate with experience.
Salary includes a generous benefits package, including health, vision, and dental
insurance, paid vacation days and sick time, student loan repayment, and transit benefits.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
at tinyurl.com/FrankelCD. Applications are due at 5:00 PM on Friday, May 1.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-123-26
Job Title: Constituent Advocate
Description & Responsibilities: based in the Utica office, this in-person position reports
to the District Director and will work in collaboration with the District Director, Senior

Constituent Advocate, and others to help operate the office's constituent services
program, making sure the office is accessible and receptive to central New Yorkers. This
person will help facilitate the Member's constituent casework activities with federal
departments and agencies, and ensure communication and information sharing between
the district office and DC office. They will serve as a liaison for individual constituent
concerns, update members of senior staff on casework trends, and ensure the
maintenance of accurate and complete casework files.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Serving as liaison with federal governments for individual constituent concerns
• Preparing and managing incoming and outgoing constituent casework in assigned
areas of expertise
• Maintaining accurate and complete ﬁles on all assigned casework matters
• Monitoring, screening, and referring cases, when appropriate, to other government
entitles
• Working closely with other members of the oKice to ensure the highest level of
constituent services, and to ensure constituent service is at the forefront of every
department's work
• Building and maintaining relationships with constituents and key community
leaders and stakeholders, as well as federal agencies and departments
• Representing the Congressman in meetings and events, as determined by District
Director, taking meetings and calls in the district oKice, as necessary
• Working closely with the oKice's Special Projects Manager to support events such
as veterans fairs, and help with special projects, including the oKice's Military
academy nominations process
• Serving as the ﬁrst point of contact for visitors and callers, providing a welcoming
and professional environment
• Performing other duties as assigned
Qualifications:
• Strong interpersonal and organizational skills
• Ability to handle sensitive information with discretion
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills
• Commitment to public service and constituent-focused work
• Previous experience in government, customer service, or constituent services is a
plus
• Proﬁciency in Spanish (speaking, reading, writing) is a plus
Salary & Benefits: minimum $48K; salary commensurate with experience. Additional
benefits include the following options:
• FEHB or DC Healthlink health insurance with share of the premium paid by the
House
• Supplemental dental and vision insurance through FEDVIP – www.benefeds.com

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Flex spending account (FSA) for child care and/or health care - fsafeds.com
Life insurance
Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) with matching option
Federal Employees Retirement System (FERS)
In addition, our oKice will oKer:
Structured annual review process
Student loan repayment program
Parking spot
Vacation days, sick days, and telework policy

The office is an equal employment opportunity employer and strongly encourages all
interested candidates to apply, including women, people of color, veterans, and LGBTQIA
individuals. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to
participate effectively in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter to newyork22jobs@gmail.com and include
the job title “Constituent Advocate” in the subject line by COB on Friday, May 1st.

MEM-120-26
Congresswoman Lizzie Fletcher (TX-7) seeks a positive, well-organized, and detail-oriented
Constituent Advocate for her Houston, Texas office.
Primary duties include serving as a liaison between constituents and federal agencies,
responding to constituent concerns, staffing constituent services events, building and
maintaining relationships with local government offices, and staffing the Congresswoman.
Strong candidates will demonstrate attention to detail, have excellent customer service
skills, manage multiple projects and cases at once, have strong written and oral
communication skills, function well in a team-oriented environment, display strong
organizational skills, and be able to anticipate problems and offer solutions. Candidates
should be able to communicate clearly in a fast-paced environment with good humor,
handle sensitive information and maintain confidentiality, and work effectively with
different teams in the office as well as organizations and government offices in the
community.
Previous government experience is highly desirable. Salary is commensurate with
experience. This position offers federal benefits including health insurance, retirement
plan, and student loan repayment assistance. Interested candidates should email their
cover letter and resume to TX07.hiring@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Constituent Advocate.” No phone calls or walk-ins please.

The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-119-26
Congresswoman Lizzie Fletcher (TX-7) seeks a positive, well-organized, and detail-oriented
Administrative Assistant for her Houston, Texas office.
Strong candidates will have excellent written and oral communication skills, demonstrate
strong attention to detail, be a team player with a positive attitude, be able to anticipate
problems and offer solutions, communicate clearly in a fast-paced environment, and work
effectively with different teams in both the Washington and Houston offices.
Responsibilities include answering phones, greeting visitors, responding to constituent
requests, maintaining the office, assisting with various administrative tasks, and
performing other duties as required. The position involves occasional availability on
evenings and weekends.
Salary is commensurate with experience. This position offers federal benefits including
health insurance, retirement plan, and student loan repayment assistance. Must have a
valid driver’s license.
Interested candidates should email their cover letter, resume, and references to
TX07.hiring@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Houston Administrative
Assistant.” No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-117-26
Congresswoman Emilia Sykes (OH-13) is seeking an experienced and enthusiastic
Legislative Assistant to manage the healthcare portfolio and other issues as assigned.
Ideal candidates will have 3+ years of Hill experience, a good understanding of House
procedures, an understanding of developing and tracking legislative initiatives, and
political awareness. Experience with healthcare policy is required. This is not an entry level
position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a
self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities will include
meeting with constituent groups and stakeholders, preparing and staffing the
Congresswoman, drafting legislation, managing committee work, providing vote

recommendations, drafting legislative memos and briefing materials, and reviewing
constituent correspondence, in addition to other duties as assigned.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and two writing samples to
JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the Subject Line.
Applications will be accepted until the end of business on Friday, May 15. No phone
calls, faxes, or drop-ins please. This position is based in the Washington, D.C. office
and is in-person.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity and
expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation.

MEM-114-26
The Office of Congresswoman Laura Gillen is seeking a Press Secretary to be based in the
district on Long Island. The ideal candidate has excellent writing, editing, and photography
skills as well as experience building press relationships. They will assist the
Communications Director in drafting releases, talking points, event remarks, and quotes,
staffing the Member at district-based press events, and help craft digital content. Strong
proofreading and copyediting skills are a must.
The role requires the ability to operate efficiently under tight deadlines, occasionally work
outside of traditional business hours, juggle multiple priorities, and work closely with
colleagues across the D.C. and district offices. The Press Secretary will assist in
maintaining relationships with in- state press and will report to the Communications
Director.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of experience
working with various digital platforms, working with reporters, writing, and managing social
media accounts for a political candidate or elected official. Candidates should be detailoriented and highly motivated to serve in a fast-paced environment. Ties to the district and
Spanish fluency are a plus.
Key responsibilities include:
• Collaborate closely with the Congresswoman, Communications Director, and staK
to craft cohesive and engaging messaging in local press and across digital
platforms;
• Draft and edit press releases, media advisories, statements, remarks, and daily
press clips;
• Support the Communications Director in responding to local and national media
inquiries;

•
•
•
•
•
•

Help identify and cultivate relationships with local reporters and content creators in
the district;
StaK and manage reporter interactions with the Member at district-based press
events;
Manage recording and photography at district-based press events;
Work with the District OKice and DC-based Press Assistant to craft content and
publicize constituent services;
Edit and maintain the Member’s website to include relevant updates, press
releases, news, photos, and more;
Lead the creation of the weekly newsletter to highlight the Congresswoman’s oKicial
work.

The salary range for this position is $65,000-$75,000, depending on experience, with full
benefits including up to $833/month in student loan repayments; health, dental, and vision
insurance; and both defined-benefit and defined-contribution retirement plans.
TO APPLY: Please email a brief cover letter, resume, and two writing samples in a
single PDF to NY04Press@mail.house.gov with “Press Secretary – [Your Name]” in the
subject line. Applicants may also provide one example of their digital design work
and/or photography (this is optional). Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-113-26
Congresswoman Nellie Pou (NJ-09) is seeking a highly-motivated, organized Staff
Assistant/Scheduler for a full-time position based in Washington, DC.
The Staff Assistant/Scheduler will manage the member’s schedule in coordination with the
Chief of Staff, run the DC internship program, and assist with office administrative duties
as needed. This position will also oversee the front office, answer phones, greet visitors,
and manage constituent tours and flag requests. Driving the member is an essential
element of the position, and daily access to a personal vehicle is required.
Ideal candidates will have strong writing, verbal, and organizational skills, as well as the
ability to work well with others. In a fast-paced office, strong attention to detail and followthrough will be essential. Candidates with ties to New Jersey and those who are bilingual
are encouraged to apply.
Please submit a resume and cover letter to nj09job@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant
(First Name Last Name)” in the subject line to apply.

The office of Rep. Pou is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin,
marital status, parental status, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or
expression.

MEM-112-26
Executive Assistant and Scheduler for Rep. Pramila Jayapal (WA-07)
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks a highly motivated,
experienced Executive Assistant and Scheduler for the Representative’s Washington, D.C.
office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Developing, coordinating, and managing all aspects of the Representative’s daily
and long-term schedule and calendar as well as tracking, evaluating, and
responding to all invitations and scheduling requests;
• Coordinating all travel for the Representative and her staK and other logistical
support tasks as required;
• Working closely with and supporting the Chief of StaK, Deputy Chief of StaK/District
Director, Legislative Director, Communications Director, and security team to
ensure smooth daily schedules and operations.
• Create documents including memos, oKicial letters, security reimbursement forms
and ensure on time and accurate submissions.
• Help plan all oKice activities including birthdays, quarterly staK outings, and
support on larger projects such as holiday parties and staK retreats.
• Other tasks as assigned
The ideal candidate will have:
• 2-3 years of experience as a Scheduler, Executive Assistant, or other similar role
• Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
• A hard worker with excellent attention to detail;
• Adept at juggling complex schedules, competing priorities;
• Able to anticipate problems, seek solutions, and eKectively communicate them to
the Representative and her staK;
• Able to work long hours, including nights and weekends;
• Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
• The OKice of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members
of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State
and/or district ties are a plus.
Salary is a minimum of $68,000 - $75,000, commensurate with experience. The benefits
include student loan repayment plans and strong health care, dental, vision and retirement
plans.

To apply: Interested candidates must submit a cover letter, resume and three
references to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov. Please include your full name and
“Executive Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-111-26
The Office of Congresswoman Jennifer McClellan (VA-04) seeks a self-starting, detailoriented Press/Digital Assistant to join a fast-paced and active communications shop in
Washington, D.C. This full-time position is intended for recent post-graduates interested in
pursuing a career in public service and communications. The ideal candidate will possess
a passion for video and graphic design, strong writing skills, and a sharp eye for digital and
traditional media strategy.
The Press/Digital Assistant will work in close coordination with the Communications
Director to develop and implement a communications strategy aligned with the Member’s
priorities. Storytelling, creativity, digital fluency, and social media management are a must
here — alongside a thorough understanding of what makes for effective messaging in this
modern and rapidly-changing media landscape. The ideal applicant will be passionate
about video editing, graphic design, social media trends, and digital post-production.
This position is not a typical 9-5 and may require availability outside of traditional work
hours.
Key Responsibilities:
• Bring new ideas to the table and pitch opportunities for traditional and digital
communications!
• Record, edit, and caption short-form and long-form videos for social media, press
events, and constituent communications.
• Design digital and physical promotional materials, such as social media graphics
and event ﬂyers.
• Assist the Communications Director in drafting releases, statements, op-eds,
newsletters, captions, and quotes in the voice of the Congresswoman — including
rapid response to breaking news.
• Monitor and compile daily press clips, traditional media coverage, and social media
metrics.
• Assist with production of the “Moments with McClellan” web series.
• StaK, photograph, and ﬁlm the Congresswoman at scheduled events and meetings.
• Support the Communications Director and staK on other assignments as needed.
Skills and Qualifications
• Prior Hill experience, internship, or political communications experience preferred
but not required.
• Strong interest and proﬁciency in graphic design and video editing.

•
•
•
•
•

Familiarity with social media platforms, social media analytics, digital
communications tools, and evolving digital best practices.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to multitask, prioritize, and pivot between tasks to meet tight deadlines.
VA-04 or Virginia ties are a plus, but not required.
A proactive and collaborative attitude.

The Press/Digital Assistant will begin as soon as possible. This is a paid opportunity based
on a salary range of $55,000-$65,000 per year.
Interested candidates are invited to submit their application to
VA04.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “FULL NAME Press/Digital Assistant
Application.” Please include a resume, cover letter, and 2-3 digital samples (including
both video and graphic samples). Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. If
you are selected for an interview, a staff member will contact you. No phone calls or
drop-bys, please.
Congresswoman McClellan’s office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation,
national origin, age, disability, or veteran status. We strongly encourage applicants from
diverse backgrounds — including women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, and
members of other underrepresented communities — to apply.

MEM-101-26
POSITION SUMMARY:
Democratic Member of Congress seeks an experienced and creative Deputy
Communications Director to join a dynamic communications operation in a fast-paced,
proactive, and collaborative office. The Deputy Communications Director will assist in
developing and executing a comprehensive communications strategy that advances the
Representative’s legislative priorities, highlights constituent services, elevates voices and
issues in the district, and strengthens connections with local and national media. This is
not an entry level position and requires frequent availability on nights and weekends.
CORE JOB DUTIES:
• Develop and implement the Member’s communications objectives in consultation
with the Communications Director and senior staK.
• Assist in directing social and digital media eKorts, including new media outlets,
ensuring alignment between message, visuals, and audience across platforms.
• Write and edit a range of content, including speeches, newsletters, public
statements, talking points, and op-eds.
• Manage a robust franking operation, including newsletters, 499s and mailers, eblasts, and other constituent communications in compliance with House rules.

•
•
•

•
•

Develop social media content creation, including rapid response.
Collaborate with legislative and district staK to ensure consistent, eKective
communication of policy initiatives and constituent services.
Stay up to date on current events and legislation relevant to the Member and the
priorities of the district; provide media analysis and strategic counsel to the
Representative and staK on messaging.
Supervise press staK and interns; collaborate with Digital Director and
Communications Director.
Assist the Member and senior staK in other projects and duties as assigned.

QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL HAVE:
• Capitol Hill experience or a demonstrated knowledge of Congress and the
legislative process. Preferably, 3-5 years of experience in political, campaign, or
advocacy communications.
• Superior writing, editing, and oral communications skills.
• Proven track record of managing creative or comms teams in high-pressure, highproﬁle environments.
• Creative thinker with innovative approaches and an understanding of traditional
communications and digital media.
• Ability to build structure in a fast-paced environment; possess strong project
management and organizational skills; prepared to adapt quickly and easily for
rapid response.
• Experience working with stakeholders on messaging opportunities and priorities
• Good sense of humor!
SALARY AND BENEFITS: $100,000-$120,000 - commensurate with experience. The
position is eligible for transit benefits, student loan repayment assistance, and parking.
TO APPLY:
Please submit ONE ATTACHMENT that includes a concise cover letter including salary
requirements; resume; two writing samples; and one digital work sample (i.e., graphic
or video) to jobopeningfordemmember@gmail.com with the subject line “Full Name Deputy Communications Director.” Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; the office does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status, or any other characteristic protected by
applicable law

