Internship Openings
Week of July 7, 2025
MEM-221-25
The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and selfmotivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to apply for its
paid, full-time internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal election policy
and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of Representatives with oversight of
several offices within the Capitol Complex, including the Chief Administrative Officer,
Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms,
U.S. Capitol Police, and other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress,
Government Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand
knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-today administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for
assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight,
research, assisting with phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties. Administrative tasks
include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail, entering data, and drafting
correspondence. Legislative support includes performing research, drafting public
statements, prepping materials for hearings, attending hearings and briefings, reaching out
to agencies and other congressional offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov

MEM-220-25
We are now accepting applications for the Fall 2025 internship program for the Capitol
Hill office of Congresswoman Lois Frankel here in Washington, DC.

The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is
committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This position
demands the ability to multi-task, strong organizational skills and must work cooperatively
and courteously with others in a shared space.
Duties include attending hearings and briefings on behalf of the Congresswoman and
legislative staffers, working directly with the communications team on press
strategies, answering telephones, compiling daily press clips relevant to the office’s
priorities, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing administrative
assistance to the D.C. staff.
Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a plus.
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should submit the
below application with a resume and cover letter in a single PDF file. Cover letter should
detail reasons for applying to the position. A stipend will be given to accepted applicants.
Deadline for submission is Wednesday, July 23, 2025 by 11:59pm OR when 100
applications have been received. If they are selected to interview, interviews will
take place starting July 28th.
Application Link: https://frankel.house.gov/constituent-services/internships.htm
If you should have any questions, comments, concerns, or are in need of any additional
details or materials to pass along the internship posting please feel free to contact me via
email at amaris.graham@mail.house.gov

MEM-219-25
Congresswoman Sara Jacobs offers in-person internships in both her San Diego and
Washington, D.C. offices. These internships provide young adults with the opportunity to
learn more about the inner workings of a congressional office and to experience the
legislative process and constituent and community outreach first-hand.
If you would like to be considered for an internship in our DC office, please email your
resume, cover letter, and a 1 page writing sample to
SaraJacobs.DCintern@mail.house.gov
Please no direct emails, phone calls, or walk-ins regarding the status of your application.

MEM-218-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) is now accepting
applications for a legislative fellowship during the fall 2025 term. This fellowship is a great
opportunity for individuals in graduate-level programs who seek to gain an in-depth
legislative experience. This is a full-time, in-person position.
Fellows assist the legislative team with drafting legislation, assisting with stakeholder
meetings, and helping with committee assignments.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Performing Research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available resources)
• Attending meetings on behalf of the office
• Drafting talking points, proclamations, and various briefings
• Staffing the Congressman at various events
• Tracking and responding to constituent requests and letters
• Helping find legislative opportunities for sponsorship and co-sponsorship
• Performing tasks and duties as needed to help day to day activities of the office
Other duties will be based on the fellow's interests.
We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, research skills, and strong
writing skills. Start and end dates are flexible. MI-13 ties and research experience are
pluses.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age. We strongly
encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and members of other underrepresented
communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample in one
combined document to HR.Thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last
Name - Fall DC Fellow Application.” The application deadline is July 18, 2025.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-217-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) is now accepting
applications for press and legislative internships during the fall 2025 term. This
internship is a great opportunity for individuals who seek to gain public service experience
and insight into Capitol Hill. This is a full-time, in-person position.

Duties include but are not limited to:
• Answering phone calls
• Greeting office visitors
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Coordinating tour requests and leading tours of the Capitol
• Attending congressional briefings, hearings and other professional development events
• Drafting press releases to be posted on the website and social media accounts
• Researching legislation and writing cosponsor memos for the legislative team
• Assisting operations, communications, and legislative staffers with various tasks
Other duties will be based on the intern's interests.
We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, customer service skills, and
strong writing skills. Start and end dates are flexible. MI-13 ties and service industry
experience are pluses.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age. We strongly
encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and members of other underrepresented
communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample in one
combined document to HR.Thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last
Name - Fall DC Press or Legislative Intern Application.” The application deadline is
July 18, 2025. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. No calls or drop-ins,
please.

MEM-215-25
Fall Internship for House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs- Majority
Background:
House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs has a need to hire an intern in the Washington, D.C.
office in a full-time capacity. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume
and cover letter.
Job Expectations:
Interns provide support with a variety of committee activities, including but not limited to:
administrative and logistical support for hearings, business meetings, and mark-ups;
assisting the committee’s communications team with media relations activities; and
conducting legislative research for policy issues within the committee’s jurisdiction.

Job Duties:
Administrative Support
• Provides administrative and logistical support to ensure Committee hearings,
business meetings, and mark-ups are run in an efficient and effective manner
• Serves as an initial point of contact for visitors (e.g., hearing witnesses, government
officials, and other VIPs) who have business with the Committee and its staff
• Answers phone calls and routes mail and other messages to appropriate
committee staff for further action
Legislative
• Partners with the committee staff prepare stakeholder inquiries on oversight and
policy issue areas within the committee’s jurisdiction
• Performs research on issues or topics related to public law, regulation, and
legislation
• Attends meetings with stakeholders and assists the legislative staff prepare for
hearings and mark-ups
Featured Skills:
• Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles
• Research and Analysis: Collects, synthesizes, and analyzes information from a
variety of stakeholders and sources in an objective, unbiased manner to inform
strategic decision making.
• Planning and Coordination: Organizes work and sets priorities. Coordinates with
others to accomplish goals; monitors progress and evaluates outcomes.
• Interpersonal Skills: Develops and maintains effective relationships with others
from diverse backgrounds and in different situations. Shows understanding,
courtesy, tact, empathy, and politeness.
• Written Communication: Writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing
manner.
Preferences:
• Pursuing or completing Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education
and experience
• A demonstrated interest in public service
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume by 8/01/2025
to the Chief Clerk, nicholas.west@mail.house.gov. Please follow the subject template:
HVAC_Fall_Firstname_Lastname

Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-214-25
The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY, will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Fall Semester 2025.
Applications will be accepted June 24th, 2025 – July 25th, 2025.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Completing constituent calls
• Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations
• Day-to-day office work
• Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the D.C.
office
• Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case work
or work on District-based projects of importance
Interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office, congressional
communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
•
•
•
•

Resume
Cover letter
One-page writing sample
Dates of availability

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students and current graduate students.
For more information on the district internship please
visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships

To apply for the Summer 2025 District Office Internship, please fill out the google form
found here: Fall 2025 DO Internship Application Google Form. Our office will be
accepting applications on a rolling basis until July 25th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early.

MEM-213-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting applications
for an internship during the 2025 Fall term. Applicants must be based in Washington,
D.C. for the duration of the fall internship (early September to mid-December, subject to
change).
Full-time paid internships run Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House
Calendar). Part-time internships are scheduled to accommodate students’ course
schedules, as well as the needs of the office. Part-time interns can expect to receive either
pay or academic credit. Interns must be a U.S. citizen and legally eligible to work for the
U.S. federal government.
In Washington, D.C., interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations.
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing
inquiries.
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests.
• Day-to-day office work to assist with the functioning of the congressional office and
other duties as delegated by members of the staff.
• Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting constituent
letters.
• Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff.
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team.
• Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the Rochester
office.
• Other administrative tasks as assigned.
Throughout the semester, interns will learn about the operations of a congressional office,
congressional communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should
possess excellent written and verbal communications skills, a strong attention to detail,
the ability to succeed in a fast-paced work environment, and a good sense of humor. New
York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following within the application form listed below:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• Writing sample (ex. policy memo, short essay, etc.) (max. 2 pages)

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college graduates.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.
To apply for the Fall 2025 DC Internship, please fill out the google form found here: Fall
2025 DC Internship Application Google Form. Our office will be accepting applications
on a rolling basis until July 25th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit
their application early.

MEM-211-25
Legislative Intern
Representative Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications for paid legislative
internships in his Washington, DC office for the fall semester.
The ideal candidate will have excellent written and oral communications skills, interest in
the legislative process, resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fast-paced
environment. Ties to the Bay Area or California are preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislative issues, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and hearings, recommending
legislation to the Representative, and other tasks as assigned.
The Fall internship begins in August and will end mid-December, with flexible start and end
dates. At least 20 hours of availability per week is preferred.
The deadline to apply is July 18, 2025. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis, so
applicants are encouraged to apply as soon as possible. Due to the large volume of
applicants, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. To apply, please submit
a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as one PDF at this link. This position is
part time, in person, and is compensated at $15/ hour.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-210-25
Press Intern
Representative Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications for a paid press internship
in his Washington, DC office for the fall semester. The press intern will work closely with
the communications team.
Applicants should be organized, creative, familiar with current events, and detail oriented.
Responsibilities include answering telephones; compiling daily press clips; creating
content for social media; drafting press releases, newsletters, and other written materials;
maintaining press lists; clipping floor and hearing remarks; and designing graphics.
The ideal candidate is team-oriented, has a strong work ethic, and has an ability to excel in
fast-paced environments. Excellent written and oral communication skills are a must.
Relevant communications skills such as graphic design, social media, and video editing
experience are preferred.
The Fall internship begins in August and will end mid-December, with flexible start and end
dates. At least 20 hours of availability per week is preferred.
The deadline to apply is July 18th, 2025. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis,
so applicants are encouraged to apply as soon as possible. Due to the large volume of
applicants, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. To apply, please submit
a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as one PDF, as well as one sample
graphic you have created, at this link. This position is part time, in person, and is
compensated at $15/ hour.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-209-25
The House Judiciary Committee Democratic Staff, under the leadership of Ranking
Member Jamie Raskin, seeks legal, clerk, and press interns for the Fall 2025 internship
program. This program offers students firsthand experience with the operations of a
congressional committee and provides a unique opportunity to learn about the important
role the House Judiciary Committee plays in the legislative process. The Committee’s
jurisdiction spans a wide range of legislative and oversight issues, including oversight of
the U.S. Department of Justice, constitutional law, federal criminal law, voting rights,
immigration and naturalization, and antitrust law. Interns work closely with Committee

staff—including subcommittee teams, the oversight team, and communications staff—on
a variety of substantive projects.
The Committee strives to ensure that our internship class reflects the diversity of the
country; candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The
Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
The deadline for applications for the Fall 2025 session has been extended to July 8,
2025. All internships are in-person, based in Washington, DC, preferably full-time, and
open to undergraduate, graduate, and law students. Legal internships are available to
law and graduate students, while clerk and press internships are offered to undergraduate
students. Intern assignments will vary depending on the work of the House Judiciary
Committee each semester.
For a full description of the legal, clerk, and press internships, as well as to submit your
application, please visit our website: https://democratsjudiciary.house.gov/about/internship-opportunities.

MEM-208-25
Fall District Internship with the Office of Congresswoman Bynum
The Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-05) is seeking part-time interns to join
our district office in Oregon City, Oregon. Preferred start date beginning in August 2025,
with an end date in December 2025. Seeking applicants available to work in-person 12-24
hours per week.
DUTIES:
• Handle incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness.
• Assist Member and key staff with logistical and administrative duties.
• Receive and log input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response.
• Organize press clips and assist the communications team with social media posts and
talking points.
• Attend briefings and hearings, conduct research, and draft correspondence and
memoranda.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• College student in good academic standing.
• Good oral and written communication skills.

• The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and compassion
• Problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and use good judgement.
• Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by July 29.

MEM-207-25
Fall D.C. Internship with the Office of Congresswoman Bynum
The Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-05) is seeking part-time interns to join
our office in Washington DC. Preferred start date in early September 2025, with an end
date in December 2025. Seeking applicants available to work 12-24 hours per week.
DUTIES:
• Handle incoming correspondence with poise, professionalism, and promptness.
• Assist Member and key staff with logistical and administrative duties.
• Update the office’s legislative tracker and perform research on legislative measures.
• Attend briefings and hearings, conduct research, and draft correspondence and
memoranda.
• Partner with communications team to create speeches, social media posts, and talking
points.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• College student in good academic standing.
• Good oral and written communication skills.
• The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and compassion
• Problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and use good judgement.
• Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by July 29, 2025.
NOTICE:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-206-25
Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate, driven, and
committed to public service for an internship in his Salem office and Washington D.C.
office.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, current graduate students,
and recent college graduates. Interns receive a stipend distributed based on total hours
worked.
D.C. RESPONSIBILITIES
• Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
• Categorizing and responding to constituent mail.
• Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman.
• Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
• Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents.
• Assembling press and news clips.
• Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research.
DISTRICT RESPONSIBILITIES
• Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
• Assisting the Casework Team on a variety of casework requests involving federal
agencies.
• Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
• Assembling press and news clips.
• Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research and attending community events.
APPLICATIONS
Applicants can access the application
here: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd1NOVxgvmGvGyH_1u4e35RUkweW
U24Rmu7gA0Y3HOxKXTkjQ/viewform
Applicants can find more information on the internship portal at moulton.house.gov under
the ‘Services’ tab. All applications are due on July 10 at 11:59pm and will be reviewed after
the application period closes. If you have trouble accessing the application form above or
have other questions, please email Julia Clayton (Julia.clayton@mail.house.gov)

MEM-204-25
The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks qualified
undergrad students and recent graduates for Legislative Interns for the Fall 2025 session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give students a
thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative

process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with administrative
tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials
for staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow
staff at hearings and markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects within the
Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fast-paced
environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in particular, the
role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative process. Superior writing
and communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Fulltime availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply. Interns
will receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to receive
credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
(two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your cover letter, please
indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and whether you are available
to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Fall 2025 Legislative Intern Application” in the
subject line. The deadline for applications is July 25, 2025.
Please, no phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-196-25
Fall 2025 Intern, House Committee on Natural Resources – Democratic Staff
The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns for Fall 2025
(September 2 – December 12). Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and
dependable. Above all, we seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the
Natural Resources Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills,
and are eager to learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research,
prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid
communications.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and
concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations.
Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in
the United States, and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Assist with administrative duties
• Assist with legislative and policy projects

•
•
•
•

Research legislation, regulations, and public law
Assist with communications and outreach
Respond to requests for information
Attend briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff

The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work in-office when
Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a monthly stipend of
$3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military
status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable
accommodation to participate in the application or hiring process are encouraged to
request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
The application deadline is close of business on Friday, July 11. Interested candidates
should apply by visiting the House Natural Resources Committee Democrats’ website
at https://democrats-naturalresources.house.gov/internships.
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates who are
being actively considered for this position.

MEM-194-25
Congressman French Hill (AR02) has internship positions available for the Fall 2025 term
in both his DC and Little Rock offices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of
the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping central Arkansans. Intern
responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, assisting staff with
administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, and assisting with correspondence.
Interns should have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral
communication skills. Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters, take and
listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as
a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates. The
office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply, please send a resume cover letter, and 2 references or letters of
recommendation to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov indicating which location you are
applying for. Applications should be submitted by July 6 but will be accepted on a rolling
basis until all positions are filled.

If you have any questions, you can contact the office for additional information at (202)
225-2506.

MEM-193-25
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking part- and full-time interns
for the fall (September - December). Our interns work closely with Committee staff to
prepare materials for Committee meetings, conduct research projects, learn about the
Rules of the House and the various procedures for legislation to reach the House Floor,
and complete a variety of other administrative tasks. Ideal candidates have strong writing
skills, a good work ethic, an interest in learning about House floor procedures, and are
detail-oriented. Interns will gain experience in legislative analysis, political
communications, and institutional processes.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. Massachusetts ties are a plus. All
offers are conditional on completion of a federal criminal background check. The office is
an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter explaining why you want to
join the Democratic Staff of the House Rules Committee to democratsrules.house.gov/about/internships. No calls or drop-ins, please. The deadline to apply is
July 14, 2025.
Note: Students on quarter systems or with unusual schedules are still encouraged to
apply—please apply by the appropriate deadline in advance of your desired internship
term and detail your particular situation in your cover letter.

MEM-192-25
Title: “Fall 2025 Legislative Internship – DC Office of Congresswoman Mary Gay
Scanlon”
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Applications for Fall 2025 internships will be accepted beginning June 23rd, 2025 and
are due July 23rd, 2025.

Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
• Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
• Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public service.
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to
assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall
Legislative Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and
compile all application materials into one PDF document.

MEM-187-25
PRESS INTERNSHIP: The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is accepting
applications for Fall 2025 Press Interns in our Washington, D.C., Reading, and West
Chester offices. This internship will run from mid-late August through early December.
We offer stipends to applicants. Our internship program has returned to in-person work
with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have experience in a facedpaced, deadline-oriented work environment. Applicants must be independent problemsolvers, have strong writing skills, and be comfortable communicating to both internal and
external audiences. Technical experience with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign,
Illustrator), photo editing programs (Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software
(Premiere, Headliner) a major plus.
Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips, helping draft
copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital content. Press interns will have
the opportunity to staff the congresswoman to capture videos and photos of events. We

offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and why you’re
interested in interning in our office, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one example of digital work
(video, graphic or photo) to PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender,
LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

