Internship Openings
Week of August 24, 2026
Digital Fellowship MEM-264-26
The House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee (DPCC) is seeking a
motivated, digital-savvy fellow to join an aggressive communications team for the Fall
2026 fellowship term (approx. mid-September through mid-January).
This digital fellowship includes the production of high-quality web graphics and videos, as
well as assisting with events and various projects to further House Democrats' work and
messaging. Candidates must possess strong technical skills, advanced creativity and
artistic ability, and a high level of attention to detail. Knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite
(Premiere, Photoshop, InDesign) and Microsoft Excel/Google Sheets is required.
Candidate must be a good team player, willing to work on multiple projects at once, and
able to work under tight deadlines.
This is a 4-month fellowship with a $3,200 a month stipend. The fellowship is full-time and
in-person in Washington, DC.
Please submit all application materials via this form.
DEADLINE TO APPLY: 5PM on Wednesday, September 2, 2026.

Fall Digital/Press Intern MEM-261-26
The Office of Congressman Salud Carbajal (CA-24) is seeking a highly motivated and
creative Digital/Press Intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation based
in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2026 term (August/September - December). The
Digital/Press Intern will help build out the Congressman’s digital and social media
footprint, with heavy emphasis on creating engaging social media content and graphics.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist
with time-sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video
editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. California or Central Coast ties and Spanish
literacy are a plus. The intern will work closely with the Communications Director,
Digital/Creative Assistant, Legislative Aide/Correspondent, and Scheduler.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Compiling daily press clips
Creating engaging graphics and editing photos
Assisting the Digital/Creative Assistant with social media content, website content
and digital newsletters
Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
Assisting with press releases, op-eds, advisories, and other written materials
Creating and maintaining press lists
Compiling regular comms reports on press and social media results
Additional responsibilities include assisting the Legislative Aide/Correspondent
and Scheduler with administrative tasks (e.g. answering phone calls, greeting
visitors, etc.) and legislative tasks (e.g. batching incoming messages on Fireside,
drafting constituent letters, writing cosponsor recommendations, etc.)

PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:
A qualified candidate will possess strong social media and graphic design skills. Past
experiences with Canva, Photoshop, and other digital/graphic/video design platforms are a
major plus.
TO APPLY:
The internship will run from late August / early September to December 17. The hours
are roughly 32 hours a week and are flexible to accommodate schedules but generally
run 9 AM to 6 PM ET when Congress is in session and 9 AM to 5 PM ET when Congress is
out of session. This position is in-person. Interested applicants should email a
resume, cover letter, writing sample, two digital samples, and dates/hours of
availability to Tommy.Vo@mail.house.gov with the subject line “First Name Last
Name – Digital Intern.”
This is a full-time, limited term position and offers a $1,500 monthly stipend from the
office of Congressman Carbajal unless the intern is already receiving credit/stipend
through a third party. No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply. Deadline to apply is Wednesday, August 26, 2026. However, candidates are
encouraged to apply early, as applications will be reviewed and the position filled on a
rolling basis.

Law Clerk - MEM-256-26
U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Homeland Security: Oversight,
Investigations, and Accountability Subcommittee (Majority)
Description: Law clerks will have the opportunity to work with the Committee’s policy,
oversight, and investigative teams, conducting legal and policy research, reviewing
documents, and preparing materials for hearings, markups, and other Committee
activities.
Length: Specific dates will be determined on a case-by-case basis, but the fall clerkship
period runs from September to December. Preference will be given to candidates who are
available at least three days per week.
Pay: This is a paid position, and the Committee is happy to work with applicants seeking
academic credit.
Requirements: Applicants must be current law students with strong research and writing
skills who are enthusiastic about the Committee’s mission to protect the homeland and
strengthen national security.
Interested individuals should submit a resume, brief cover letter, and writing sample
to CHSJobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Law Clerkship.” Applications
will be reviewed on a rolling

Internship - MEM-251-26
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Fall 2026 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island office, to start at the beginning of September and go until end of
December.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
• Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the Member
office to constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;
• Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
• Assists Member and key staff (e.g. Staff Assistant, Press Assistant, Constituent
Services Team) with logistical and administrative duties;
• Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response;
• Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
• Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at local events;

•

Accompanies district staff to public forums, meetings, and events as a
representative to the Member.

Applicants should apply on our
website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships

Video Internship - MEM-249-26
VIDEO INTERNSHIP
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable Video Production Intern this fall. Interns will be responsible for
helping with clipping streams of sessions, editing and captioning videos, helping with
shoots, scripting content and other and administrative tasks as assigned. Successful
candidates will possess extreme familiarity with Adobe Premiere Pro. Additional
experiences with Adobe After Effects and Photoshop are a plus.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment is a must. Candidates will be
expected to work in-person in Washington, DC, with opportunities for remote work during
Congressional recesses. Full-time candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences
are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, portfolio, and your availability this fall to
ethan.cesar@mail.house.gov and OversightPress@mail.house.gov.

Press and Digital Internship - MEM-245-26
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of California,
seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2026 term. The Press and Digital
Intern will help communicate the Congresswoman’s work through social media, graphics,
photography, video, and other digital content. This position is well suited for a creative
candidate who is interested in public service and eager to build communications
experience in a congressional office.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist
with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video
editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. Press Intern responsibilities will vary but may
include answering phones and data entry. Washington DC interns may be asked to assist
in researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending briefings,
hearings, and markups, and responding to constituent correspondence.
Preferred qualifications may include:

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Strong writing, editing, and social media instincts
Familiarity with Canva, photography, video editing, or graphic design
An interest in digital marketing, audience engagement, or social media analytics
Strong media literacy, attention to detail, and sound judgment
An ability to listen closely, follow instructions, learn through observation and a
willingness to try new approaches
Preferred qualifications may include:
Strong writing, editing, and social media instincts
Familiarity with Canva, photography, video editing, or graphic design
An interest in digital marketing, audience engagement, or social media analytics
Strong media literacy, attention to detail, and sound judgment

An ability to listen closely, follow instructions, learn through observation and a willingness
to try new approaches
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official
website and complete the application form:
https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application, a cover
letter, resume, and 2 writing samples (1 writing sample & 1 graphic example preferred,
but not required).
Ties to California’s 7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are
considered on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race,
religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family
status, or military status.

Fall Internship - MEM-244-26
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of California,
seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Sacramento) offices for the Fall 2026
term. Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process firsthand and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data entry.
Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation for the Member
and legislative staff, attending briefings, hearings, and markups; and answering
constituent letters on various issues. Interns based in California may also be asked to
assist on a variety of constituent casework or in-district projects, as needed.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official
website and complete the application form:
https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application, a cover

letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to California’s 7th District are
preferred, but not required.
All applications are considered on a rolling basis. All applications are considered on a
rolling basis. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based
on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status.

