Internship Openings
Week of March 03, 2025
MEM-087-25
The House Democratic Caucus is currently seeking candidates for paid internships for the
2025 Summer term. Internships are full-time and in-person in our Washington, DC office.
Current college students and recent graduates are welcome to apply.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
supporting Members and staff of the House Democratic Caucus. Interns contribute to the
daily operations of the office and are expected to act in a dependable and professional
manner at all times. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, work efficiently under
pressure and manage multiple projects at one time. The internships include some physical
tasks like lifting and pushing carts as part of event setup and logistical responsibilities.
Responsibilities will include:
Press Intern: Drafting press releases and other written materials, maintaining press lists,
and assisting with press events and other Caucus events and meetings. Familiarity in
livestreaming and livestreaming software, and fluency in Spanish, is a plus.
Digital Intern: Drafting digital copy for the Caucus official social media channels,
collaborating on creative graphic and video content, and assisting with press conferences
and other Caucus events and meetings. Familiarity with livestreaming and livestreaming
software is a plus.
Operations Intern: Greeting guests, answering phones, monitoring and responding to the
Caucus email inbox, assisting with Caucus Meetings and events, supporting office
operations, attending briefings and drafting memos, and various day-to-day office tasks.
The House Democratic Caucus is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other
factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who
require a reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes
are encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.

Interested applicants should submit an application through this form
(https://bit.ly/HDCSummerInternship) and upload a resume, cover letter and one-paged
writing sample. Digital applicants may submit 1-2 digital samples.
The internship will run from Tuesday, May 27 to Friday, August 1, 2025. This internship
offers compensation of $2,400 per month. The deadline to apply for our Summer cohort is
Friday, April 4, 2025.

MEM-085-25
Press Internship
The Office of Representative Brad Schneider (D-IL-10) is now accepting applications for
Summer 2025 Press Interns in the Washington, D.C., office. This paid internship runs from
early May through late August and is open to both undergraduate and graduate students.
Hours are flexible to accommodate academic schedules, with general hours from 9:00
a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in
session.
As a press intern, you will collaborate closely with the communications team to create
engaging graphics, edit videos, and draft social media content. You may also have the
opportunity to join staffers alongside the Congressman at events or during meetings to
capture pictures and draft content on-site. Additional responsibilities include some
legislative internship duties, such as answering constituent calls, leading Capitol tours,
and assisting with front office administrative tasks.
The ideal candidate is adaptable, detail-oriented, and thrives in a fast-paced, deadlinedriven environment. Strong writing skills are essential, as is the ability to communicate
effectively with both internal and external stakeholders. Experience with graphic design
platforms like Canva, as well as photo and video editing software, is a plus.
Interested applicants should submit one PDF file containing a cover letter, resume, one
example of digital work (video, graphic, or photo). These materials should be sent to
Matthew.Rodriguez@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Summer 2025 Press Internship
Application – [Your Name]”. Please submit your application by 11:59 p.m. EST on March
21, 2025.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will only be contacted if you are selected for an
interview. This office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification,
family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-084-25

Legislative Internship
The Office of Representative Brad Schneider (D-IL-10) is now accepting applications for
Summer 2025 legislative interns in the Washington, D.C., office. This paid internship runs
from early June through late August and is open to both undergraduate and graduate
students. Hours are flexible to accommodate academic schedules, with general hours
from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when
not in session.
As a legislative intern, you will play a key role in ensuring the smooth operation of the office
while gaining valuable experience working with the legislative team on policy matters. Your
responsibilities will include answering phones, managing errands, researching legislation
for the Congressman and staff, attending hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, and
responding to constituent inquiries. This position provides a unique opportunity to gain
first-hand experience in learning about the legislative process and the diverse functions of
a congressional office.
The ideal candidate is adaptable, detail-oriented, and thrives in a fast-paced, deadlinedriven environment. Strong writing skills and the ability to communicate effectively with
both internal and external stakeholders are essential. Experience in a professional
environment and knowledge of basic congressional operations are a plus.
To apply for a legislative internship with Congressman Schneider, please complete the
internship application form on our website
(https://schneider.house.gov/students/internships) by 11:59 p.m. EST on March 21, 2025.
If you have trouble accessing the application form or have any questions, please email
Matthew.Rodriguez@mail.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will only be contacted if you are selected for an
interview. This office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification,
family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-083-25
Scheduling & Administrative Internship
The Office of Representative Brad Schneider (D-IL-10) is now accepting applications for a
Summer 2025 scheduling & administrative intern in the Washington, D.C. office. This paid
internship runs from early June through early August and is open to both undergraduate
and graduate students. This internship offers an exciting opportunity to contribute to the

Congressman’s success by assisting with administrative tasks, incoming scheduling
requests, and constituent services.
General hours for this internship are 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session
and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Preference will be given to residents of
Illinois’ 10th Congressional District, rising Seniors and spring 2025 graduates, and
applicants with availability to work three full days or more a week.
Key Responsibilities:
• Serve as the first point of contact for visitors, providing exceptional customer
service at the front desk.
• Answer and direct incoming phone calls, take messages, and handle constituent
inquiries efficiently.
• Assist with managing incoming mail and email, ensuring correspondence is logged
and routed appropriately.
• Organizing, vetting, and tracking incoming meeting requests and invitations;
assisting the Director of Scheduling with the Congressman’s daily and long-term
schedules; maintaining all scheduling files; and other executive assistant and
operations duties as needed.
• In coordination with the Director of Scheduling, acting as a point of contact for the
Congressman’s staff, constituents, and external stakeholders regarding scheduling
inquiries.
Qualifications:
• Strong organizational skills with a keen attention to detail and the ability to
multitask in a fast-paced environment.
• Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with a professional and
friendly demeanor.
• The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and work well with a team.
To apply for a scheduling & administrative internship with Congressman Schneider, please
complete the internship application form on our website
(https://schneider.house.gov/students/internships) by 11:59 p.m. EST on March 21, 2025.
If you have trouble accessing the application form or have any questions, please email
Matthew.Rodriguez@mail.house.gov.

MEM-079-25
Job Title: Congressional Intern, Office of Congressman Wittman
Location: Washington, D.C.
Type: Paid Internship
Duration: Spring Semester: January – May

Job Description: As a Congressional Intern for Congressman Rob Wittman, you will have
the unique opportunity to gain hands-on experience working for Virginia's 1st
Congressional District in the U.S. House of Representatives. Our office is committed to
serving our constituents, advancing thoughtful policies, and making a difference in the
lives of Virginians and all Americans. This paid internship will provide you with valuable
insights into the legislative process and a chance to contribute to meaningful work in a
congressional office. You will have the opportunity for exposure to the legislative process
and policymaking, insight into the workings of a congressional office, and valuable
professional development and mentorship.
Key Responsibilities:
·
Answering phone calls from constituents
·
Sorting mail and emails from constituents
·
Compile media clips
·
Conduct legislative research on various issues
·
Assist in drafting and editing policy briefs, speeches, and press releases
·
Attend congressional hearings, briefings, and meetings
·
Assist with administrative tasks and office operations
·
Perform various other duties as assigned
Qualifications:
·
Experience with constituent/customer services
·
Strong interest in politics, government, and public policy
·
Excellent research and writing skills
·
Effective communication and interpersonal skills
·
Enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working
·
Detail-oriented and able to multitask
·
Proficiency in Microsoft Office and other relevant software
·
A willingness to learn and adapt in a fast-paced environment
How to Apply: To be considered for this internship, please submit the following
documents to Nicolle.Miranda@mail.house.gov:
1. Resume
2. Cover letter explaining your interest in the congressional internship and your
relevant qualifications
3. Contact information for two references

MEM-078-25
Title: “Summer 2025 Legislative Internship – DC Office of Congresswoman Mary Gay
Scanlon”
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to accommodate

students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Applications for Summer 2025 internships will be accepted beginning Feb 21st, and are
due March 21st, 2025.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
• Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
• Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
• Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Summer
Legislative Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and compile all
application materials into one PDF document.

MEM-077-25
Communications Intern/Fellow with Committee on House Administration Democratic
Staff
The Committee on House Administration Democratic staff is currently seeking to fill the
Communications Intern/Communications Fellow vacancy.
The individual in this role will work closely with a fast-paced communications team.
Qualified candidates should have demonstrated graphic design experience, strong writing
and social media skills, and a desire to help create engaging content.
Key responsibilities will include:
• Drafting social media content and designing graphics
• Editing and captioning videos
• Compiling daily press clips
• Taking photos during Committee hearings and events
• Drafting press releases, media advisories, and weekly reports
The Committee on House Administration is primarily responsible for oversight of the
House offices and legislative branch agencies within the Committee’s portfolio. These

include the Library of Congress, Smithsonian Institution (including the National Zoo), Chief
Administrative Officer, Clerk of the House, Sergeant at Arms, House Inspector General,
United States Capitol Police, Government Publishing Office, Architect of the Capitol,
Office of Congressional Accessibility Services, and the Office of Congressional Workplace
Rights.
To apply, candidates should submit a resume, and at least two graphic design and writing
samples to resume.chadem@mail.house.gov with the subject line: "Communications
Intern _ [First Name] [Last Name]”.
This is a paid, full-time, limited term position. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status. The Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse
staff, and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-075-25
Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks Interns for his Washington, D.C., office for the
Summer 2025 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students, graduate students,
and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of a Congressional office and the
legislative process. Interns should have a general understanding of the U.S. political
system, value open communication, be eager to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be an educational
experience. Internships are offered for either academic credit or a stipend. Internship
applicants must be high school graduates. Current students and recent graduates will be
given first priority for the internship program.
Legislative intern responsibilities include:
• Attending committee hearings and congressional briefings,
• Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
• Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.
Press intern responsibilities include:
• Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press Secretary in
drafting and editing social media content, digital graphics, and other digital
materials,

Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
Answering phones and processing mail,
Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks, as directed.
Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic familiarity with graphic
design and video editing. Submission of a sample graphic or similar communications work
with your application is strongly encouraged.
•
•
•
•
•

This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover letter, resume,
three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf file, with the file name including
internship class, year, last name, and first name (i.e. Summer2025.Doe.Jane.pdf)
to CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by March 15, 2025. Please specify whether you
are applying for the press internship or the legislative internship. Applicants with strong
ties to the 49th District are given preference.

MEM-073-25
The Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-05) is seeking an energetic Intern to join
our DC team. Paid position 16-24 hours per week; with a targeted start date in early or
middle March 2025.
KEY DUTIES:
• Provide a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the Member
office to constituents, visitors, and other VIPs
• Handle incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness
• Assist Member and key staff with logistical and administrative duties
• Receive and log input from constituents on policy matters for the Member
office’s consideration and response
• Assist with constituent flag requests, tours of the Capitol, and arranging visits to
other national landmarks
• Attend briefings and hearings, collect Member signatures, deliver time
sensitive Member to Member correspondence, conduct research, and draft
correspondence and memoranda
Interested applicants can send their Resume and a Cover Letter
to Brett.Mulligan@mail.house.gov.

MEM-070-25

The Office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking Congressional
Interns for our Washington, D.C. office for the Summer 2025 term.
Our office values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial environment.
We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to grow. Interns will have
great opportunities to learn from office staff and network with others to make the most of
their time with our office!
Intern Expectations
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service; possess
excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and communication skills;
work well in a team environment; and have a general understanding of the US political
system.
Internship Responsibilities
Interns can expect to:
• Answer phones and assist in correspondence with constituents
• Greet constituents and office visitors
• Process tour requests and lead Capitol tours
• Handle mail
• Perform legislative research and draft memos
• Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant in drafting social media
content and other materials like press releases, website content, and newsletters
• Compile daily press clips
• Edit video clips
• Work on other administrative tasks as directed
Internship Dates and Details:
Summer internships are slated to start mid-May 2025 and go until the end of August 2025,
with some flexibility based on academic schedule. Interns are expected to work in person
in the office, Monday-Friday 9 a.m.- 5 p.m. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate
remote or hybrid internships.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. ET on Sunday, March 16, 2025.
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter detailing
weekly available hours IN ONE COMBINED DOCUMENT to:
• CA37.internships@mail.house.gov for DC office internship.
• You MUST follow these instructions:
o Use the subject line and title your document “First name Last name
[legislative] OR [press] – Summer 2025 internship”

Please reach out our Intern Coordinator, Maite McPherson, with any questions
at Maite.McPherson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-069-25
The Office of Congresswoman Grace Meng (NY-06) seeks candidates for paid Summer
2025 internship positions in the Washington D.C. office.
Intern responsibilities will vary and are designed to give interns insight into the legislative
process and a well-rounded experience on Capitol Hill. Some duties include answering
phones, running errands, giving Capitol tours, researching legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on
various issues before the House.
This internship will run from May/June to August. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students course schedules, but generally run from Monday to Friday, 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Applications for the Summer semester will be considered on a rolling basis. Priority will be
given to applicants who apply before March 15th. Interested applicants should email a
resume, cover letter, writing sample, and their availability
to ny06_intern_app@mail.house.gov. Please include your name and the semester for
which you are applying in the subject line.

MEM-068-25
The Office of Representative Donald Norcross (NJ-01) is seeking motivated candidates for
the Summer 2025 Internship program.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with legislative,
administrative, constituent relations, scheduling, and communications activities. Interns
will answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; attend hearings and
briefings; assist with legislative research; compile daily clips; and participate in
professional development activities.
Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and
professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
Interns receive a stipend.
Please send a resume, cover letter, two or three professional references, and a brief
writing sample as one combined PDF to internships.norcross@mail.house.gov. No phone
calls or drop-ins, please. Incomplete applications will not be reviewed.

MEM-066-25
LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP: The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is
accepting applications for Summer 2025 legislative interns in our West Chester, Reading,
and Washington, D.C. offices. This internship will run from late May through early August.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer stipends to students who are
in need. Our internship program has returned to in-person work with flexible telework
options should interns need to work from home.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a passion for
community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing to spend a lot of time
on the phone and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting memos for
our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or meetings. We offer
interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
Please submit applications through the “Legislative Internship” form our
website, Houlahan.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender,
LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-065-25
PRESS INTERNSHIP: The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is
accepting applications for Summer 2025 Press Interns in our Washington, D.C., Reading,
and West Chester offices. This internship will run from late May through early August.
We offer needs-based stipends to students who are in need. Our internship program has
returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have experience in a facedpaced, deadline-oriented work environment. Applicants must be independent problemsolvers, have strong writing skills, and be comfortable communicating to both internal and
external audiences. Technical experience with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign,

Illustrator), photo editing programs (Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software
(Premiere, Headliner) a major plus.
Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips, helping draft
copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital content. Press interns will have
the opportunity to staff the congresswoman to capture videos and photos of events. We
offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and why you’re
interested in interning in our office, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one example of digital work
(video, graphic or photo) to PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender,
LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-059-25
Internship Opportunity: Office of the Representative Joseph D. Morelle
The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting applications
for an internship during the 2025 Summer term. Applicants must be based in Washington,
D.C. for the duration of the summer internship (mid-May to mid-August, subject to
change).
Full-time paid internships run Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House
Calendar). Part-time internships are scheduled to accommodate students’ course
schedules, as well as the needs of the office. Part-time interns can expect to receive either
a stipend or academic credit. Interns must be legally eligible to work for the U.S. federal
government.
In Washington, D.C., interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations;
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing
inquiries;
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests;
• Day-to-day office work to assist with the functioning of the congressional office and
other duties as delegated by members of the staff;

•
•
•
•
•

Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting constituent
letters;
Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff;
Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team;
Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the Rochester
office;
Other administrative tasks as assigned.

Throughout the semester, interns will learn about the operations of a congressional office,
congressional communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should
possess excellent written and verbal communications skills, a strong attention to detail,
the ability to succeed in a fast-paced work environment, and a good sense of humor. New
York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following within the application form listed
below:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• Writing sample (ex. policy memo, short essay, etc.) (max. 2 pages)
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college graduates.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship, please visit our website:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.
To apply for the Summer 2025 DC Internship, please fill out the google form found here:
https://forms.gle/vPks4HTwadRtpDDF6. Our office will be accepting applications on a
rolling basis until March 15th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit their
application early.

MEM-058-25
Legislative Intern
The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks qualified
undergrad students and recent graduates for Legislative Interns for the Summer 2025
session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give students a
thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process.
Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with administrative tasks

such as answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials for
staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at
hearings and markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s
broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fast-paced
environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in particular, the
role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative process. Superior writing
and communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Fulltime availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or age.
Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply. Interns will
receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to receive
credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
(two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your cover letter, please
indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and whether you are available
to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Summer 2025 Legislative Intern Application” in
the subject line. The deadline for applications is March 21, 2025. Please no phone calls or
drop-ins.

MEM-055-25
Congressman French Hill Internship Program
Congressman French Hill (AR02) seeks interns to serve in his offices in
Washington, D.C., and Arkansas.
Interns will work in a fast-paced office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge
of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include (but are
not limited to) interacting with Arkansans and other visitors, conducting legislative
research and writing, drafting communications materials, and assisting Arkansans with
matters before the federal government.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Applicants should have working knowledge of
current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks.
Social media and other communications experience are a plus. Successful interns will
be self-starters, listen to and take direction, and be willing to work both independently
and as part of a team.
Standard internships take place as follows:
- Spring: January through May

- Summer: May through August
- Fall: September through November
Internships outside of this schedule may be offered on a case-by-case basis.
Paid and unpaid internships are available.
Interested individuals should send a resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov. For more information, please call (501) 324-5941 or
(202) 225-2506 and ask for the Intern Coordinator.

MEM-050-25
The Washington, D.C. ouice of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks Interns for the
upcoming Summer 2025 term.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and brieﬁngs, drafting and
editing constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the
legislative stau, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing support for
the day-to-day activities of the ouice. Interns are paid via a monthly stipend.
The Ouice of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin,
age, or socioeconomic status.
All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples to
WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should indicate their
availability on both an hourly and monthly basis.
The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM ET on Friday, April 11th, 2025.

MEM-044-25
The office of U.S. Congressman Jeff Van Drew (R-NJ-02) is currently accepting applications
for part and full-time interns for the summer session. This is a Republican office, and the
start date would be as early as May 1st with an end date in early August. This is a paid
internship with each intern receiving up to a $1,000 stipend depending on availability
based on a 40-hour workweek.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with our
nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the office and are
expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times. Duties include (but are not
limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, opening

and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various other
tasks to assist staff.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter to nj02internships@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re applying for a fall internship and format the
files as [Full Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter]."

MEM-041-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking interns
for the summer of 2025. This is an in-person opportunity.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of Representatives and
gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fast-paced office. Internships are
offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and stipends are offered based on need. Fulltime availability is preferred. Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required.
Start dates are flexible. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•

Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
Strong communications and writing skills.
Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
Self-motivated
Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.

Responsibilities:
•
•
•
•

Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms
of outreach.
Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.

To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•
•
•

Resume.
Cover letter.
Three references

