Internship Openings
Week of November 17, 2025
MEM-343-25
D.C. Spring 2026 Internship
Congresswoman Kat Cammack (FL-03):
Intern for Congresswoman Kat Cammack who proudly serves Florida’s Third
Congressional District, covering 12 counties in North Central Florida. She is now in her
third term and serves on the House Agriculture and House Energy and Commerce
Committees. While serving on these committees, Congresswoman Cammack brings
attention to the challenges faced by working-class families and Florida’s farmers,
ranchers, and producers with rising inflation, labor challenges, and supply-chain issues.
Background:
The Office of Congresswoman Kat Cammack has an immediate need to hire an intern in
the Washington, D.C. office in a part-time capacity. Interested candidates are encouraged
to submit a resume, cover letter, and social media handles by November 21. The office will
contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
Job Expectations:
Interns serve important roles for the office by providing support with office administration,
communications, and legislative research. Interns will have the opportunity to work in
various areas (e.g., communications, constituent services & administrative support,
legislative) and duties may vary.
Stipend:
A monthly stipend is provided to interns.
Varying Job Duties:
Constituent Services & Administrative Support Experience
• Answers incoming calls and captures constituent requests to ensure consideration by
Member office
• Conducts research and drafts responses to constituent correspondence to address key
issue areas

• Opens, sorts, and distributes mail and other messages to ensure the office can respond
to all inquiries in a timely manner
• Assists with constituent flag requests, tours of the Capitol, and arranging visits to other
national landmarks
Legislative Experience
• Processes incoming and outgoing communications to track and follow up on requests by
staff and constituents
• Partners with the legislative staff to draft responses to constituent inquiries on an array of
issue areas
• Performs research on issues or topics related to bills, committee hearings, and district
and state concerns
• Attends meetings with constituents and assists the legislative staff prepare for hearings
and mark-ups
Communications Experience
• Supports the communications team to draft and proofread written materials, such as
newsletters, social media posts, media advisories, and/or press releases
• Assists with Member’s social media posts and communication outreach to connect with
target audiences
• Monitors social media platforms to stay abreast of current events including district
events and relevant legislative news
• Designs graphics for social media posts to accompany and convey approved messages
Featured Skills:
• Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles; easily considers new
approaches.
• Constituent / Stakeholder Service Driven: Anticipates and meets the needs of
constituents. Delivers high-quality products and services.
• Initiative: Sets well-defined and realistic personal goals. Displays a high level of effort and
commitment towards completing assignments. Investigates new perspectives,
approaches, and behaviors, and takes steps to evaluate and improve performance.
• Interpersonal Skills: Develops and maintains effective relationships with others from
diverse backgrounds and in different situations. Shows understanding, courtesy, tact,
empathy, and politeness.
• Written Communication: Writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing manner
for the intended audience.
Preferences:
• Pursuing or completed Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and
experience
• Prior constituent service or customer relationship management experience is preferred
• A demonstrated interest in public service
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and social
media handles by no later than November 21 to JD.Elleson@mail.house.gov

MEM-342-25
Spring 2026 Legislative Internship – DC Office of Congresswoman Mary Gay Scanlon
Applications for Spring 2026 internships will be accepted beginning November 17,
2025 and are due December 9, 2025.
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•

Drafting constituent correspondence

•

Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman

•

Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda

•

Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones

Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public service.
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to
assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring
Legislative Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and
compile all application materials into one PDF document.

MEM-341-25
Winter/Spring Internship with the Office of Congresswoman Bynum
The Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-05) is seeking part-time interns to join
our office in Washington DC and our district office in Oregon City, Oregon. Current college
students and recent graduates with availability to work 12-24 hours per week starting in
January through spring of 2026 are encouraged to apply.
DUTIES:
• Handle incoming correspondence with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
• Assist Member and key staff with logistical and administrative duties;
• Update the office’s legislative tracker and perform research on legislative measures;
• Attend briefings and hearings, conduct research, and draft correspondence and
memoranda;
• Partner with communications team to create speeches, social media posts, and talking
points.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• College student in good academic standing;
• Good oral and written communication skills;
• The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and compassion
• Problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and use good judgement;
• Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please fill out the internship application on our website linked below. Please select
“Spring” to the question regarding “Desired Session.” Applications will close on November
21, 2025.
https://bynum.house.gov/services/internships
NOTICE:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-340-25
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Spring 2026 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island office, to start at the beginning of January and go until mid-May.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the
Member office to constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;
Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
Assists Member and key staff (e.g. Staff Assistant, Press Assistant,
Constituent Services Team) with logistical and administrative duties;
Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member
office’s consideration and response;
Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at local
events;
Accompanies district staff to public forums, meetings, and events as a
representative to the Member.

Applicants should apply on our website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-339-25
Congressman John McGuire is seeking motivated and dedicated interns to join his DC
office for the Spring 2026 semester. Interns in the DC office will have the opportunity to
witness the legislative process, engage in the behind-the-scenes operations of Congress,
and serve as a vital member of the staff while serving the people of Central Virginia.
Responsibilities will typically include:
• Answering phone calls for our constituents;
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff;
• Attending hearings and briefings;
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House;
• Guiding Capitol tours;
• Writing letters, and assisting with office management;
• and other duties.
Qualifications: The ideal candidate will possess exceptional written and oral
communication skills, a desire to serve the member’s constituents, a degree of
professionalism and an interest in the congressman’s issue areas, including national

defense and oversight. Virginia ties are preferred but not required. Full-time applicants are
preferred.
To apply, please fill out the application form through the website or send a resume and
cover letter to the mail listed on the site.
Internships | Representative John McGuire

MEM-338-25
The Office of Rep. Jill Tokuda (HI-02) seeks a paid Press/Digital Intern for the Spring 2026
semester in her Washington, D.C. office. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented with
strong written & oral communication skills, basic familiarity with graphic design (Canva
and Adobe Creative Suite), and most importantly, an enthusiastic willingness to learn and
help others wherever needed. Hawaiʻi ties strongly encouraged but not required.
Press/Digital Interns will have the opportunity to work closely with the communications
team and assist them with creating digital and social media content, editing video clips,
drafting press materials, and a variety of other creative projects or duties as needed.
Press/Digital Interns will also assist with daily office duties such as greeting constituents,
answering phone calls, and other administrative and operational tasks.
Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
• Compiling daily press clips
• Designing graphics
• Drafting social media content, e-newsletter content and/or press releases
• Editing and captioning videos
• Answering and screening phone calls
• Updating the website
• Compiling weekly reports on press and social media results
• Taking photos of hearings and events
• Other tasks as assigned by the Communications Director or Digital Director
Preferred Qualifications:
• Strong written & oral communication skills
• Collaborative attitude and strong work ethic
• Some photo, video or web experience
• Familiarity with Canva and/or Adobe Creative Suite
• Ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks
• Comfort with daily constituent interaction
• Basic understanding of the Congressional political process
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or
gender identity or expression. Interested candidates must submit a resume to
socialmedia.tokuda@mail.house.gov by December 5th, 2025 with the following subject

line: “Last Name – Press/Digital Intern.” Qualified candidates should submit a single PDF
saved with LastName.FirstName.PressDigitalIntern including the following:
• Cover letter
• Resume
• Two writing samples
• Two digital samples

MEM-337-25
The Office of Congressman David Scott (GA-13) is seeking motivated college students and
recent graduates for the spring 2026 internship program in his Washington DC and
Stockbridge, GA offices.
Ideal candidates will be organized, detail-oriented, and passionate about public service.
Applicants should have excellent communication and writing skills.
Key responsibilities include:
• Assisting with front office operations
• Answering phones and processing incoming requests
• Drafting letters, memos, and conducting legislative research
• Assisting with tours of the Capitol
Internships are in-person, paid, and run from January through May with flexible start and
end dates.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample in one combined
document to davidscott.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Full
Name - Spring Intern Application.” The application deadline is November 21, 2025.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-334-25
Congressman Vicente Gonzalez (TX-34) is seeking highly motivated interns to join our
Washington, D.C. and District Offices for the Spring 2026 semester.
This internship offers students and recent graduates a unique opportunity to learn about
the legislative process and gain firsthand experience serving the people of South Texas.
DC Office Responsibilities
• Greeting visitors and assisting with front office operations
• Answering phones and responding to constituent inquiries
• Drafting and processing constituent correspondence and flag requests
• Attending briefings and hearings on behalf of staff
• Conducting legislative and policy research
• Compiling press clips and supporting the communications team

•
•
•
•
•
•

Assisting with special projects and other office duties as assigned District Office
Responsibilities
Answering phones and assisting with constituent inquiries
Greeting and assisting walk-in visitors to the office
Conducting research to support district events and outreach efforts
Attending webinars and community briefings for staff
Providing general administrative and logistical support

Qualifications:
The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, a
high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public service. District or Rio
Grande Valley ties are strongly preferred but not required. Start and end dates are flexible,
and the program will run from January through May 2026.
Both full-time and part-time applicants will be considered. Stipends are available to
eligible interns and are provided at the discretion of the office and may vary depending on
program participation or academic credit arrangements. Apply: Submit a resume and
cover letter through our online application form:
https://gonzalez.house.gov/services/internships
The deadline for Spring 2026 Internship Applications is December 1.
Please email TX34DCOfficeMail@mail.house.gov with any questions and concerns.

MEM-332-25
The Office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) will is seeking a Legal
Fellow for our Washington, DC office for the Spring 2026 term. The Fellow will support the
Congresswoman’s policy work primarily related to her involvement on the House Judiciary
Committee, including civil rights and liberties, government ethics, criminal justice, prison
oversight, law enforcement, immigration, antitrust, and intellectual property. The Fellow
will also support the Congresswoman’s Legislative team with policy research and
writing. Applicants are encouraged to apply for school funding.
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service; possess
excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and communication skills;
work well in a fast-paced, team environment; be detail-oriented and self-starters; and have
a general understanding of the US political system.
Legal Fellow Responsibilities:

•
•
•
•
•
•

Policy research and writing
Draft memoranda and briefs
Support the legislative team in stakeholder meetings
Prepare the Congresswoman and members of staff for meetings and hearings with
research and administrative tasks
Work on other administrative tasks and duties as assigned
Answer phones and assist in correspondence with constituents

The Legal Fellowship slated to start January 2026 and go until late Spring 2026, with some
flexibility based on academic schedules. The candidate is expected to work in-person in
the office, Monday-Friday, 9am-5pm (Washington, DC interns and fellows will work
until 6pm on days where the House is in session). Unfortunately, we cannot
accommodate remote or hybrid internships.
Our office values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial environment.
We are a fellow with a can-do attitude who are eager to grow. Fellows will have great
opportunities to learn from office staff and network with others to make the most of their
time with our office!
Applicants should:
•

•
•

Compile their resume, a brief cover letter, and weekly hours of availability into ONE
COMBINED DOCUMENT titled "First name Last name -- Spring 2026 Legal
Fellowship”
Submit this document to CA37.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject
line "First name Last name -- Spring 2026 Legal Fellowship”
Deadline: December 1, 2025 at 5 pm. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis.

Please reach out our Intern Coordinator, Maite McPherson, with any questions
at Maite.McPherson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-331-25
The personal office of Congressman Brian Mast (FL-21) is accepting applications for
unpaid internships in Washington, D.C. for the Spring 2026 term. This internship will run
from January through May, with flexible start and end dates.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting staff with
administrative duties, communications projects, legislative research, and drafting
correspondence letters.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a general
understanding of the legislative process, possess strong written and oral communication

skills, and display strong interpersonal skills. Florida or district ties are not required. The
internship schedule is flexible for college students if needed.
Interested applicants should email their resumes, cover letters, availability, and ideal
timeframe to shelly.ballaish@mail.house.gov and david.casimes@mail.house.gov.
Please use the subject line “LASTNAME – Spring 2026 Internship.”
Please note that while Congressman Mast serves as Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, this internship is within his personal (Florida-based) office, so an interest in
the Congressman’s domestic legislative priorities and constituent services is essential.

