Member and Committee Openings
Week of May 27, 2025
MEM-164-25
Minority Professional Staff for the Subcommittees on Oversight and Investigations
and Office of Insular Affairs, House Natural Resources Committee
The Professional Staff member will play a central role in preparing for hearings in the
subcommittee and full committee, and in conducting oversight and investigations on the
issues and agencies in the full committee’s jurisdiction. The Committee Democrats value
experience conducting investigations, a legal/policy background, familiarity with the
Department of the Interior, NOAA and the Forest Service, written and verbal Spanish
fluency, and an understanding of the issues in the Committee’s jurisdiction. The position
requires strong organizational, time management, verbal and written communications
skills, as well as the ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
The successful candidate demonstrates an awareness and sensitivity to the needs and
concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations. The
candidate also understands how the work of the Committee intersects with racism,
economic, and social inequality in the United States and has a passion for working to
dismantle these systems.
Primary Responsibilities:
Drafting hearing memos, statements, and questions
Evaluating hearing witnesses
Briefing Members of Congress on the Committee and their staff
Legal/policy and issue-based research
Writing and implementing investigation plans
Drafting correspondence and document requests
Writing investigative reports
Meeting with subject matter experts
Possible light travel for field hearings or investigations.
Briefing members of the media
The position is based in Washington, D.C. The Professional Staff person will be expected to
work in office when Congress is in session. Women, LGBTQIA+, and racial/ethnic minority

candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples via the application
form by 5PM EST, June 3, 2025.
Salary Range is $70,000- $100,000 per year

MEM-163-25
Congresswoman Jill Tokuda is seeking an experienced, organized and highly motivated
Legislative Director to lead our office’s legislative work and strategy. The Legislative
Director provides strategic planning on legislative priorities in addition to managing their
own active issue portfolio which will include the House Armed Services Committee and/or
the Select Committee on China. The Legislative Director will also be responsible for
managing and mentoring the legislative team, coordinating with the district and
communications teams, fostering collaboration among staff members, and overseeing the
constituent correspondence program.
Preferred candidates will have Hill or policy experience, strong knowledge of the legislative
process, and management experience. The successful candidate will be an excellent
writer and communicator and able to juggle multiple priorities under extremely tight
deadlines.
Resumes will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please
email Hawaii02jobs@gmail.com (SUBJECT: Legislative Director, YOUR NAME) with a cover
letter, resume, and 2-3 references, all in one document. The starting salary for this position
is $95,000 and will be commensurate with experience. Hawaii ties are highly desirable but
not required.

MEM-162-25
Digital Director/Legislative Correspondent – Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez
(CA-38)
Congresswoman Linda Sánchez (CA-38), ranking member of the Ways and Means Trade
Subcommittee, leader in the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, and active member of the
Congressional Progressive Caucus and Congressional Labor Caucus, is seeking a dynamic
and creative Digital Director/Legislative Correspondent to join her team.
This position will be responsible for executing digital strategies to enhance the
congresswoman’s online presence, engage constituents, and amplify her legislative work.
This position will also be responsible for managing the correspondence system, including
sorting and drafting responses to constituent mail, and other duties as assigned. They will

work closely with the Communications Director and legislative team to help communicate
the congresswoman’s work with her constituents across all platforms.
The salary range for this position is $60,000 – $68,000.
Responsibilities:
•
•
•

Develop digital strategy and execution to boost the congresswoman’s presence on
social media, websites, and email campaigns.
Create engaging multimedia content including graphics, videos, and social media
posts
Drafting replies to constituent letters, including any research necessary,
proofreading letters, tracking trends in constituent correspondence.

Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•

Experience in digital strategy, content creation, or creative direction, with a strong
portfolio in social media, video content, and digital storytelling.
Experience in political campaigns, government offices, or progressive causes is
preferred.
Strong proficiency with digital design tools and social media platforms.
Ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment.
Spanish-language skills are strongly preferred.

The office values diversity and encourages individuals from all backgrounds to apply. To
apply for this position, please submit a cover letter, resume, sample letter or other writing
sample, and a three-item digital portfolio to CA38jobs@mail.house.gov with “Digital
Director/Legislative Correspondent” in the subject line. Links are fine for the digital
portfolio.
Deadline for submission is 5:00 pm on Friday, May 30th.

MEM-161-25
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR - The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is
seeking a dynamic and experienced Communications Director to lead our
communications efforts. The ideal candidate will be an exceptional writer and manager
with a proven track record in media relations and strategic communication. Most
importantly, the Communications Director should have a genuine commitment to public
service and advocate for the best interests of Virginia’s First District.
Key Responsibilities:
• Oversee a two-person communications team, providing leadership and guidance to
ensure effective messaging and outreach.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Collaborate closely with legislative staff to articulate the Member’s policy priorities
in a timely, efficient, and relevant manner.
Draft press releases, Member statements, and other communications materials
that effectively convey the Congressman’s positions.
Pitch op-eds to local and national media outlets, securing coverage that enhances
the Congressman’s profile.
Proactively seek opportunities for the Member’s appearances on local and national
radio, television, and podcasts.
Create timely and relevant talking points for the Member and staff to use in various
communication settings.
Manage the communications budget, ensuring resources are allocated effectively
to support outreach efforts.
Develop and oversee the overall communications and messaging strategy for
Congressman Wittman.

Qualifications:
• Previous experience in a communications role, preferably in a congressional office,
political campaign, or related field.
• Strong understanding of policy issues and legislative processes.
• Exceptional writing, editing, and verbal communication skills.
• Proven ability to build relationships with media and stakeholders.
• Experience managing a team and coordinating multiple projects.
Application Instructions:
Interested applicants should email a resume and a brief cover letter
to Nicolle.Miranda@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the subject line.

MEM-160-25
Job Title: Staff Assistant/Constituent Advocate
Annual Salary: minimum $45K; salary commensurate with experience
Description & Responsibilities: based in the Utica Office, this in-person position reports
to the District Director and will work in collaboration with the District Director, Utica
Regional Representative, Senior Constituent Advocate, and others to help operate the
Utica District Office and support the office's constituent services program, making sure
the office is accessible and receptive to Central New Yorkers. This staffer will play a vital
role in supporting the operations of the Utica office, ensuring constituents receive prompt,
professional service and helping to advance the Congressman’s priorities through serving
as a first point of contact for visitors and callers and coordinating office functions and
schedules.
This person will also help the Senior Constituent Advocate facilitate the Member's
constituent casework activities with federal departments and agencies and ensure

communication and information sharing between the district office and DC office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Serving as the ﬁrst point of contact for visitors and callers, providing a welcoming
and professional environment.
Works closely with other members of the opice to ensure the highest level of
constituent services, and to ensure constituent service is at the forefront of every
department's work
Drafting letters, certiﬁcates, and awards.
Manage constituent requests for ﬂags and tours, in partnership with DC stap.
Support the Syracuse District Opice Manager in hiring and supervising district opice
interns.
Assist the casework team with intake, case tracking, and federal agency liaison
duties as needed.
Maintain accurate and complete ﬁles on constituent casework and support
outreach to community leaders and stakeholders.
Represent the Congressman at events and meetings when the Regional
Representative is unable to, as assigned by the District Director.
Partnering with outreach stap to coordinate and support opice-sponsored events,
such as veterans fairs or community roundtables.
Performing additional duties as assigned.

Qualifications:
• Strong interpersonal and organizational skills
• Ability to handle sensitive information with discretion
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills
• Commitment to public service and constituent-focused work
• Previous experience in government, customer service, or constituent services is a
plus
• Proﬁciency in Spanish (speaking, reading, writing) is a plus
Additional benefits include the following options:
• FEHB or DC Healthlink health insurance with share of the premium paid by the
House
• Supplemental dental and vision insurance through FEDVIP – www.benefeds.com
• Flex spending account (FSA) for child care and/or health care - fsafeds.com
• Life insurance
• Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) with matching option
• Federal Employees Retirement System (FERS)
In addition, our office will offer:
• Structured annual review process

•
•
•

Student loan repayment program
Parking spot
Vacation days, sick days, and telework policy

The office is an equal employment opportunity employer and strongly encourages all
interested candidates to apply, including women, people of color, veterans, and LGBTQIA
individuals. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to
participate effectively in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes. Please e-mail a resume and cover
letter to newyork22jobs@gmail.com and include the job title “Staff
Assistant/Constituent Advocate” in the subject line by COB on Wednesday, June 4.
No walk ins or calls, please.

MEM-159-25
Senior Florida Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant & Driver in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include transporting the Member (including evenings), providing general
assistance to the Member, managing the D.C. Intern Program, answering phones,
processing mail and packages, welcoming office visitors, processing flag requests, general
office administration, assisting with scheduling/operations, and working with staff on other
duties as assigned.
Successful candidates will have professional experience and familiarity working in a
legislative environment, have proficiency in professional writing, customer service, timemanagement, and good organizational skills. A positive, solution-oriented personality who
has an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment is ideal.
South Florida/Florida ties are required and prior work in a Congressional or Senate office is
a major plus.
A safe car and a good driving record are required for this position.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to
FL25Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant – Last Name.” Please
save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name,
First name.” This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual
orientation, or gender identity or expression.

MEM-158- 25
Midwest Conservative Republican is seeking a Legislative Assistant/Senior Legislative
Assistant.

The Legislative Assistant/Senior Legislative Assistant is responsible for developing and
advancing proactive policy proposals, monitoring legislative developments in assigned
issue areas, drafting vote recommendations, agency correspondence, representing the
member in meetings with constituents and key stakeholders, and other duties as assigned.
This person will be responsible for handling the Agriculture Committee portfolio, in
addition to other policy areas as well.
Applicants should have previous Capitol Hill, legislative, or policy experience, excellent
research, writing, and verbal communication skills, strong attention to detail, and the
ability to handle multiple responsibilities simultaneously in a fast-paced environment. Ties
to the Midwest are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should submit a
resume midwesternrepublicanoffice@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line. This is not an entry level position.

MEM-156-25
The Legislative Correspondent is responsible for researching legislative issues at the
direction of the Chief of Staff, Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants or Aides; and
drafting correspondence to explain the Member’s position on public policy matters. This
person may be asked to meet with constituents and special interest groups on behalf of
the Member. This person will work closely with the Legislative Director, who is their
immediate supervisor, Legislative Assistants and interns, and reports to the Chief of Staff.
Overview
This staff member coordinates all legislative correspondence with the Legislative Director
and the other legislative staff. The Legislative Correspondent works both independently
and in collaboration with a team. They are expected to provide research for and respond to
letters from constituents and other interested parties and, on occasion, may assist in
drafting memos about key meetings, issues, and constituent groups for the Member. This
staff member also attends meetings with constituents and interest groups and provides
support for Committee hearing and markups. This position further requires keeping the
Member, Chief of Staff, and Legislative Director appraised of the status of mail received by
the office regarding legislation.
Essential Job Functions Required
• Drafts tailored letters for constituent inquiries that require special research or a
nuanced response;
• Creates and maintains a collection of prepared responses for general legislative
inquiries;
• Ensures that legislative responses to constituents are completed in a timely
manner;

•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Consults with the Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants to ensure the
Member’s library of legislative letters are accurate, up to date, and reflective of the
Member’s policy positions;
Attends legislative meetings with constituents and stakeholder groups, and assists
with Committee hearings and markups, upon request;
Performs special projects assigned by the Legislative Director, Chief of Staff, or
Member;
Answers thoroughly and in a timely fashion assigned constituent letters, including
any research necessary to formulate an adequate response to the letters;
Prints and proofreads form letters;
Drafts responses to constituent mail that cannot be answered with a form letter;
Provides information on and generates ideas for press, digital media, and
newsletters;
Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
Works well under pressure and handles stress;
Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
Performs other duties as assigned.

Qualifications/Skills and Knowledge Required
• Ability to learn general knowledge about the legislative process and of the House
organization and procedures;
• Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner;
• Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge of office computer applications; and
• Proficiency in word processing.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, marital status, parental status, military status, or any other
factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Qualified candidates should submit a
resume and cover letter.
Working Conditions
• Work is performed in an office environment. A hybrid work arrangement involving
telecommuting may also be approved, consistent with the needs of the office.
• Noise levels in office are usually moderate.
• Ability to work in a small workstation without expectation of privacy.

Education/Experience
At least one-year of legislative experience with strong academic credentials
preferred. Alternatively, one-year of related experience or training in legislation or
equivalent similar experience. Experience working in Congress is not required.
Please send resume and cover letter to resumes.hoyle@mail.house.gov with the subject
line: Legislative Correspondent Opening, by COB May 30, 2025. No calls or drop-ins
please.
FLSA Status: Nonexempt

MEM-155-25
The Office of Representative Mike Kelly (PA-16) seeks a Scheduler or Operations Director
to coordinate the Representative’s schedule and manage administrative duties in the DC
office.
Candidates must have exceptional organizational skills, attention to detail, and an ability
to manage competing demands and deadlines. Candidates must handle conflicting
requests, anticipate the needs of the Member, and exercise sound and efficient judgment
when scheduling meetings, events, and travel.
Candidate must have strong communication skills. Capitol Hill or other relevant
administrative, operations, or scheduling experience is preferred. Please send a resume
and references to kevin.dawson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-154-25
Caseworker Job Opportunity – CA-16 District Office
Bay Area Member of Congress (CA-16) seeks highly motivated and detail-orientated
Caseworker to help constituents interface with federal agencies. The Caseworker position
monitors and provides periodic updates to the Member of Congress, Chief of Staff and
District Director on district and local casework issues. This position acts as an advocate
for constituents and a liaison to federal, district, and local government agencies and
stakeholders for the Member and constituents. A caseworker answers casework
correspondence and verbal and written communications with constituents as it pertains to
their casework portfolio. The Caseworker works with their colleagues to maintain a
constituent-centered team that purses excellence in public service in order to improve and
inspire the lives of the people of the 16th Congressional District.

The Office of California’s 16th District is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are
committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment, and we
provide reasonable accommodations to applicants and employees with disabilities. All
qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.
Additional Information:
Applications are due Friday, May 30, 2025. If you have any questions or comments about
the recruitment, selection, or hiring process, please email
CA16DOResumes@mail.house.gov or call 408-245-2339, 711(TTY).
Interested candidates must submit a cover letter, resume, and one brief writing sample to
CA16DOResumes@mail.house.gov with subject line:
“Caseworker Application – (Applicant’s Name)”.
Salary Range: $60,000 – $70,000.
Applications will be considered as they arrive.
Webpage: Congressman Sam Liccardo | Representing California's 16th District

MEM-152-25
The Office of Congressman Gabe Vasquez seeks a full-time Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include answering phones, handling tour and flag requests, greeting
constituents, driving the Member (including evenings), and other administrative tasks as
needed. This position will also be responsible for managing the correspondence system,
including sorting and drafting responses to constituent mail, and other duties as assigned.
Candidates must have exceptional oral and written communication skills, meticulous
attention to detail, expertise prioritizing and managing multiple tasks under tight
deadlines, a commitment to public service, and the ability to work under pressure in a fastpaced environment for a battleground Member. Familiarity with IQ and prior Hill
experience (including internships) is also helpful.
Possession of a driver’s license, a good driving record, and safe vehicle are required for
this position. New Mexico ties and Spanish-language proficiency are also a plus. The
starting salary for this position is $52,000.
To apply, please send a cover letter and resume as a single document to
NM02applications@mail.house.gov with “SA/LC: [Your Name]” as the subject line. Please
no walk-ins or phone calls.

This office is an equal opportunity employer; the office does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status, or any other characteristic protected by
applicable law.

MEM-150-25
Congressman Ryan Mackenzie (PA-07) is seeking to hire a Legislative Assistant
The Office of Congressman Ryan Mackenzie (PA-07) is hiring a Legislative Assistant to
manage the Congressman’s Committee on Education and Workforce assignment and
several other issues, including healthcare, tax, and small business. Responsibilities for
this role include advancing the Member’s priorities and monitoring key developments
within assigned legislative areas, drafting vote recommendations and preparing materials
for Committee activity, and conducting meetings with constituent groups and key
stakeholders. Qualified applicants will have a strong work ethic, strong interpersonal and
communication skills (both written and verbal), attention to detail, and the ability to handle
competing priorities in a fast-paced environment effectively. Prior experience with
Education or Labor policy is preferred but not required.
Interested applicant should submit their resumes to Julia.Hearthway@mail.house.gov.

MEM-149-25
Congressman Mark DeSaulnier (D-CA), member of the Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee, seeks an experienced Legislative Staffer to handle a diverse legislative
portfolio to include Transportation Committee work. Duties include identifying and
advancing policy proposals, committee hearing and mark-up preparation and staffing,
building relationships with district and federal stakeholders and advocacy organizations as
well as agency and congressional staff, briefing the Congressman and drafting legislative
memos, policy background, constituent correspondence, and other duties as assigned.
Title to be based on candidate’s experience.
Ideal candidate will be a strategic, detail-oriented thinker with experience formulating and
advancing legislation. Qualified candidates will exercise discretion and independent
judgement, have excellent organizational, research, writing, communication, and time
management skills, and a willingness to work in a team environment. Knowledge of
California is a plus. This is not an entry level position – prior legislative experience on
Capitol Hill and working knowledge of House processes and procedures is preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience. The office is an equal opportunity employer. All
qualified candidates are encouraged to apply, including women, people of color, and other

members of traditionally underrepresented communities. Qualified candidates should
send resume, cover letter, and references to DeSaulnierResumes@gmail.com.

MEM-147-25
Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib (MI-12) seeks a detail-oriented, experienced and wellorganized D.C. based Operations Manager/Scheduler. The Operations Manager will be
responsible for the management and coordination of the members’ schedule and overall
operations of the office and its functions.
Responsibilities for the position may include:
• Manages all D.C. and district-based scheduling requests, which includes
scheduling for Committee hearings, meetings with other Members, Senators, the
Administration, and community-based organizations and all district stakeholders,
coordinating as necessary with other congressional opices;
• Manages the collection and coordination of talking points and other prep
documents for the Congresswoman’s meetings, speaking engagements, and other
events for her daily binder and ensures it is updated with all appropriate materials;
• Supports the drafting of the Congresswoman’s correspondences, including follow
up and thank you letters for meeting attendees;
• Arranges travel for the Member and for stap traveling on opicial business, both air
and ground travel;
• Manages opice equipment and ensures that all stap are equipped with supplies and
inventory is maintained and good working condition;
• Manages opice stationary and works with appropriate vendors for opice supply;
• Coordinates special projects for the Congresswoman in partnership with opice
stap.
• Manages the administrative responsibilities of the Stap Assistant and other
employees conducting administrative tasks;
• Support stap assistant and communications team on commendation and greeting
requests as needed;
• Support Stap Assistant & District Director on management of internship program,
including making assignments and managing work projects;
• Works in partnership with District Director on scheduling all district-based events;
• Other responsibilities as assigned by the Congresswoman and the Chief of Stap.
Qualifications:
• Candidates must be proactive, have strong attention to detail, and the ability to
multitask epectively in a fast-paced environment.
• Must be familiar with video conferencing platforms (ex. Zoom, Microsoft Teams,
Skype, etc.).
• Must have familiarity with scheduling platforms (ex. google calendar, outlook, etc.)

•
•

Must have great communication and organizational skills as well as strong writing
skills.
Previous hill experience strongly preferred.

This position will often require evening and weekend work, so a strong candidate will be
able to work a flexible schedule. Michigan ties are highly desirable, but not required.
Starting salary is $70,000.00 and will commensurate with experience. The Office is
unionized and offers robust, competitive benefits. To apply, please email
Rashida.Jobs@mail.house.gov (SUBJECT LINE: Operations, YOUR NAME) with a cover
letter, resume and 2-3 references.
Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+, and other members of other marginalized
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status. This position reports to the Chief of Staff and Member.

MEM-144-25
The Office of Congressman Josh Gottheimer seeks a Press Secretary in his Washington,
D.C. office. Applicants must have exceptional writing skills, attention to detail, and an
ability to manage competing demands and deadlines.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
1. Managing the Congressman’s digital media;
2. Creating and posting social media posts;
3. Producing graphics and editing photos and videos;
4. Drafting press releases, statements, and talking points;
5. Compiling daily press clips; and
6. Managing the Member’s website.
Candidates with New Jersey ties are preferred. This office is an equal-opportunity
employer. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To Apply: Interested candidates should apply by sending resume and cover letter
to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Press Secretary Application: Last Name” in the subject
line.”

This is not an entry-level position; at least 2-3 years of full-time, post-graduation
professional experience in press and digital communications or a related field is required
(internships do not count toward this requirement). Candidates should be aware that this
position will require frequent evening and occasional weekend work.

MEM-143-25
Title: Chief Clerk
First Line Supervisor: Deputy Staff Director
Second Line Supervisor: Staff Director
Duties/Responsibilities:
1. Timely notices of all committee events, including hearings, meetings, markups, and
round table discussions per House and Committee rules.
2. Prepares hearing room for all Committee hearings, meetings, markups, and round
tables, including preparation of materials for members, the court reporter, and
media.
3. Clerks all committee hearings, meetings, and markups
a. Records member attendance
b. Records votes on the electronic system
c. Runs monitors (currently with AMX remote)
d. Maintains HVAC gavel sheets (Majority only)
4. Manages committee repository in compliance with the House Rules, including:
a. Uploads legislation for markups
b. Uploads all hearing documents, including witness lists, testimony,
legislation, biographies, and truth in-testimony statements
5. Committee Transcripts – Orders transcripts from the Official Reporter and sends
them to members and witnesses for correction.
6. Track the transcript and printed hearing status of all hearings by maintaining the
chart in the printer’s folder.
7. Remains current on House Rules and rule changes relating to the clerk’s duties.
8. Maintains HVAC Committee Member lists for the Full Committee and
Subcommittees.
9. Maintains HVAC LA and Scheduler lists for the Subcommittees and Full Committee.
10. Maintains all email distribution email lists.
11. Provides a summary of all legislative action from all markups to the Committee
Digest (committee.digest@mail.house.gov).
12. Serves as liaison to the House Recording Studio for audio in Hearing Rooms and
AMX remote to run hearing room monitors.
13. Prepares all organizational materials or members at the start of a new Congress.
14. Archiving – Responsible for ensuring the Committee complies with all archiving
requirements, including:

a. Responsible for maintaining and organizing all legislation referred to the
Committee.
b. Responsible for maintaining and organizing all bills reported from
subcommittees and the full Committee.
c. Prepare all committee documents for depositing in the National Archives at
the end of each congressional year.
15. Creates and maintains an HVAC Clerks Handbook explaining the clerical duties and
procedures.
16. Provides front office support on phones and greeting visitors.
17. Supervises the Staff Assistant and operation of the front office.
18. Performs other duties as assigned
Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Excellent communication skills
Strong organizational skills
Attention to detail
Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills
Knowledge of the legislative process
Knowledge of House record-keeping requirements
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
Punctual

Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with
the interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:

Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, references, and three writing
samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Chief Clerk” in the subject line. No calls
or walk-ins, please.

MEM-142-25
Staff Director, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, House Committee on
Veterans’ Affairs
Core Responsibilities:
• Serve as the principal advisor to the full Committee Chairman, subcommittee
Chairman, and Republican Members for issues under the jurisdiction of the
Subcommittee.
• Provide in-depth policy analysis and political strategy for issues that fall under the
jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Lead and supervise the implementation of the Subcommittee’s legislative initiatives
including the formulation, drafting, introduction, passage, negotiation, and
enactment of all legislation under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Plan for and supervise the Subcommittee staff in the organization of, and
preparation for, hearings, to include but not limited to, the determination of the
agenda, briefing of witnesses and Members, and drafting remarks and questions for
the Chairman.
• Conduct informational and oversight meetings with Administration officials,
including Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and other agencies, Veteran Service
Organizations, non-profit organizations, industry experts, and veterans on all issues
under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Plan and supervise implementation of the Subcommittee’s oversight agenda of
issues within its jurisdiction, including sending requests for information, writing
oversight letters, conducting oversight visits, reviewing document productions,
cultivating sources of information, determining the veracity of information received,
and other oversight measures, as needed.
• Build relationships with internal and external partners, including Veteran Service
Organizations, member offices, industry, and contacts within VA and other
government agencies to promote and enact the legislative and oversight agenda of
the Subcommittee, and that of the full Committee Chairman.
• Represent and discuss the full Committee or Subcommittee Chairman’s views at
various conferences and speaking events.
• Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Stap
Director, or Deputy Stap Director; as needed.
Minimum Qualifications:
• Bachelor of Arts or Science
• This is not an entry level position.

•

At least ﬁve to seven years of relevant policy or oversight experience. Experience on
Capitol Hill or knowledge of veteran policy is desired but other experience will be
considered.

Required Skills:
• Ability to lead and mentor Subcommittee stap
• Team oriented
• Ability to establish working relationships
• Strong writing and editing skills
• Problem solving
• Strong verbal communication
• Ability to work well under pressure
• Attention to detail
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
• Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with
the interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, three professional
references to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Oversight and Investigations Staff
Director” in the subject line. In your cover letter please indicate what you believe are the
three most pressing challenges facing the Department of Veterans Affairs. No calls or
walk-ins, please.

MEM-140-25
Senior Legislative Assistant, Rep. Tony Gonzales (TX-23)

CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to develop legislative initiatives relevant to the Member's position on the House
Appropriations Committee and the Committee on Homeland Security;
• to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House ﬂoor;
• to meet with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• at least 2 years of legislative experience in a full-time, legislative position
• prior Capitol Hill experience is strongly preferred;
• excellent oral and written communication skills;
• thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• ability to work well under pressure;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted
in subject line.

MEM-139-25
Press Assistant/Press Secretary, Rep. Tony Gonzales (TX-23)
The Office of Congressman Tony Gonzales seeks a Press Secretary or Press Assistant in
his Washington, D.C. office (title and pay commensurate with experience). Applicants
must have exceptional writing skills, attention to detail, and an ability to manage
competing demands and deadlines.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Managing the Congressman’s digital media.
• Coordinating the creation of print and digital advertisements;
• Creating and posting social media posts;
• Producing graphics and editing photos and videos;
• Drafting press releases and weekly newsletters;
• Compiling daily press clips; and
• Managing the Member’s website.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Candidates with Texas ties are preferred.

This is not an entry-level position; at least 1-2 years of full-time, post-graduation
professional experience in press and digital communications or a related field is required
(internships do not count toward this requirement).
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted
in subject line.

