Member and Committee Openings
Week of November 04, 2024
MEM-458-24
The Washington, D.C. O2ice of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), member of the
House Judiciary Committee, is seeking a law clerk to work with her legislative team. Under
the supervision of the o2ice’s Legislative Counsel, the law clerk will conduct legal and
policy research, attend and sta2 Judiciary Committee hearings, make vote
recommendations, and draft legal and policy memos and other documents. Highachieving law students interested in public law, policy, politics, or government service are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Law clerks will engage in serious, substantive work across a number of issue areas,
including antitrust enforcement, administrative law reform, civil rights and civil liberties,
court reform and oversight, criminal justice, voting rights, and intellectual property. The
clerkship is unpaid but available for academic credit.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please email a (1) resume, (2) cover letter, (3) writing sample, and (4) list of three
references with email contacts to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov. Please send all
application documents in a single PDF ﬁle and include “Law Clerk – FirstName Last Name”
in the subject line.

MEM-458-24
Position: District Representative
Location: North Las Vegas, Nevada
Salary: Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience
Time commitment: Full-time, requires some evenings and weekends
Application Deadline: Until position is ﬁlled

Congressman Steven Horsford’s District O2ice is seeking to hire a full-time District
Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to join our
high-energy team.
Job Summary:
Under the supervision of the District Director, the District Representative acts as the
representative for the Member. District Representative responsibilities include
strengthening relationships with key stakeholders, as well as attending engagements on
behalf of the Member. Caseworker responsibilities include helping constituents resolve
problems with federal agencies through written and verbal communication.
Responsibilities:
Outreach Responsibilities:
• Ensure outreach e2orts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals.
• Coordinate closely with sta2 to ensure district priorities are reﬂective in legislative
priorities.
• Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders.
• Organize and participate in community events, town halls, and outreach campaigns to
engage constituents.
Casework Responsibilities:
• Act as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility,
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local
agencies.
• Handle casework assignments and assess casework for problems requiring legislative
action, making recommendations to the District Director and Chief of Sta2.
• Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents.
Communications and Professionalism:
• Maintain a good working relationship with the Member, sta2, and constituents.
• Accept performance-based criticism and directions.
• Work well under pressure and handle stress.
• Work a ﬂexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
• Perform other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
• Political knowledge and comfortable navigating complicated situations
• Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer service
manners; public speaking skills
• Ability to multi-task, manage time e2ectively, and adapt to changing priorities
• Candidates must be able to work a ﬂexible schedule, including occasional nights,
weekends and some holidays.
Beneﬁts:

• Comprehensive health insurance coverage, including medical, dental, and vision plans.
• Paid annual and sick leave.
• Thrift Savings Plan Retirement program.
• Student Loan Repayment.
• Health and Wellness programs.
• Transit Beneﬁts.
• House Professional Development programs.
• Employee purchasing/government discounts
Position Qualiﬁcations/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest in public
service and familiarity with District 4 community is preferred.
Application Instructions:
This is a full-time position based in the North Las Vegas district o2ice. Salary is competitive
and commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and
veteran are encouraged to apply.
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples (no longer
than two pages) and three professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with
"District Representative,” [Last Name, First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions
must be in a single PDF ﬁle.

MEM-457-24
Congressman Joaquin Castro seeks an organized, hardworking StaG Assistant for his San
Antonio District O2ice.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Front O2ice
Welcome guests and manage incoming telephone calls.
Assist with processing constituent mail.
Respond to constituent requests for information.
Perform administrative and clerical duties related to managing the front o2ice.
Draft constituent correspondence.
Additional Responsibilities:
Work with DC o2ice sta2 to facilitate requests.
Manage annual congressional constituent programs.
Assist with casework for state inquiries, housing, and local referrals, and assist with federal
casework as needed.
Perform other duties as assigned.

The salary for this position is $50,000 per year. Our o2ice provides a competitive beneﬁts
package that includes health insurance, dental, a federal student loan repayment program,
and a Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) retirement plan.
Preferred Education:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience preferred
Preferred Experience:
Prior constituent service or customer relationship management is preferred
Ties to the District is preferred
The deadline to apply is November 8, 2024 . To apply, please email
roseann.maldonado@mail.house.gov with “SA – Name” in the subject line and the
following application materials attached as one combined PDF.
Cover Letter
Resume
1-2 writing samples.
Two references, including name, title, organization, phone number, Email, and a onesentence description of your relationship to the reference.
The O2ice of Congressman Joaquin Castro is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants
will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin.

MEM-457-24
The o2ice of Congresswoman Grace Meng (NY-06) seeks a hardworking, collaborative
team-player to serve as a Constituent Liaison & Field Representative in her district o2ice
based in Flushing, Queens. Candidates should have extensive knowledge of and familiarity
with Queens. Successful candidates are well-organized, timely, have access to a safe
vehicle and a good driving record, and the ability to sometimes work on evenings or
weekends.
Responsibilities include:
• Managing and conducting constituent casework related to the federal government,
as well as helping constituents with local resources
• Serving as a liaison with the community and local stakeholders
• Identifying federal cases and working with appropriate agencies on behalf of
constituents; Connecting constituents with local resources for non-federal cases
• Tracking constituent issues and identifying emerging trends
• Building relationships with local stakeholders, federal, state, and local agencies and
sta2ers
• Building and maintaining relationships with local stakeholders

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Attending and participating in community meetings on behalf of the
Congresswoman, including but not limited to monthly community boards.
Collaborating with district sta2 to ensure that the Congresswoman and o2ice have
an equitable and highly visible presence across all areas of the district
Staying up to date on local news and issues
Supporting town hall
Providing transportation for the Member
Sta2ing the Member at events and meetings within the district and across NY area
Additional duties as needed

Skills and qualiﬁcations:
• Successful candidates are highly organized and possess strong oral and written
communication skills.
• Successful s candidates possess a bachelor’s or associate degree and equivalent
work experience
• Candidate should be a team-player with a positive attitude.
• Candidate should be collaborative, proactive, and eager to work in a fast-paced
environment, in which they are challenged to think creatively and encouraged to
grow.
• Candidate should be a proﬁcient problem solver, with a keen ability to ask questions
and actively seek assistance when needed.
Compensation and beneﬁts: Competitive salary and beneﬁts package, including health
insurance, retirement, and paid leave.
Salary: $50,000.00 - $60,000.00 per year
Candidates who reside in NY-06 are highly encouraged. BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and
candidates from other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
The o2ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Interested applicants should send a resume and writing sample with the subject line
“Constituent Liaison & Field Representative” to Ny06resume@mail.house.gov

MEM-456-24
Job Opening: Senior Legislative Assistant or Policy Advisor
The O2ice of Congressman Jamie Raskin (MD-08) seeks an energetic and detail-oriented
Senior Legislative Assistant or Policy Advisor to advance the Congressman’s priorities
related to the environment, energy, transportation, and other policy areas to be assigned.
This is a full-time, in-person position in the Washington, D.C. o2ice.

Key responsibilities will include:
• Identifying and proactively pursuing legislation and other policy initiatives related to the
priorities of the Congressman and Maryland’s Eighth District.
• Working closely with the Legislative Director and Chief of Sta2 to formulate and execute a
coordinated legislative strategy for the Congressman for assigned issue areas, and working
with external stakeholders, the Congressional Research Service, Legislative Counsel,
committee sta2, and other Congressional o2ices to draft and advance legislation and
other policy initiatives.
• Tracking legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas in order to provide
the Congressman and relevant sta2 with timely legislative updates, generate ideas, and
work with communications team on press releases, op-eds, and speeches.
• Preparing and sta2ing the Congressman for meetings with constituents, advocacy
groups, visitors and others.
• Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups on the Congressman’s
behalf.
• Drafting and reviewing constituent correspondence.
This position will report directly to the Legislative Director and work in close collaboration
with the Congressman, Chief of Sta2, the District O2ice team, and the communications
team. This position may include evening and weekend work as the Congressional schedule
requires.
Key qualiﬁcations include:
• At least three years of relevant and substantive professional experience, including
legislative experience and experience researching public policy, preparing
recommendations and building coalitions. This is not an entry-level position.
• Subject matter knowledge and expertise in environmental and energy policy.
• Willingness to cover a diverse issue portfolio and be responsive to constituents’ varied
concerns and perspectives.
• Exceptional writing skills, attention to detail, and creativity.
• Strong verbal communications skills and ability to communicate e2ectively with the
Congressman, colleagues, constituents, and external stakeholders.
• Hard work, keen organization, e2ective time management, professional and discreet
approach, and ability to work in a fast-paced and collaborative environment and quickly
respond to requests from the Congressman, colleagues, and constituents.
• Ties to Maryland’s Eighth District, published articles and books, and facility with other
languages are a plus.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, military status, gender identity and expression, marital status, parental status, or

sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law, in any of its
activities or operations. Salary and title will be commensurate with experience.
The deadline for applications is Friday, November 8 at 5pm. To apply, please send an email
to MD08.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant or Policy Advisor: Last
Name” in the subject line and the following application materials attached as one
combined PDF:
o Cover letter (not to exceed two pages) – please customize your letter to this position
o Résumé
o Two writing samples (not to exceed two pages each)
o Three references – for each reference, please include name, current title/o2ice, phone
number, email, and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference

MEM-452-24
Congressman Brendan Boyle (PA-2) is seeking a full-time sta2 member to serve as a
Special Assistant in his Washington, DC o2ice.
Responsibilities include (but are not limited to):
• Sta2ing/driving the member when in Washington, DC.
• Ensuring that the member has all necessary documents and materials prior to
events, including coordinating with the Operations Director and Scheduler regarding
member scheduling and logistics.
• Working with other Washington, DC based sta2 to prepare documents and other
materials for the member prior to events and meetings.
• Managing the o2ice’s phone and voicemail system.
• Helping to manage the o2ice’s interns.
• Coordinating tours and ﬂag requests.
• Assisting the scheduler and legislative sta2 with record keeping and other
administrative tasks.
• Other duties as needed.
Required skills include the following:
• Strong organizational and communication abilities.
• Proﬁciency in Microsoft O2ice (Word, Outlook, Excel, Teams).
• The ability to multi-task and prioritize e2ectively.
• Being a self-starter, detail oriented and punctual at all times.
• Having a strong general knowledge of the physical layout of Washington, DC.
Skills that are not required but are will be looked favorably upon include the following:
• Proﬁciency in Spanish or any other foreign language.

•
•
•
•

Previous experience working on a political campaign or in the o2ice of an elected
o2icial. Candidates with prior Washington, DC based congressional (i.e. Capitol
Hill) experience will be given priority.
Having a connection to Philadelphia or Southeastern Pennsylvania.
Having good general knowledge of the physical layout of Capitol Hill, including
House and Senate o2ice buildings, as well as the U.S. Capitol Building.
Proﬁciency with Intranet Quorum or other CRM software.

Prospective applicants should have a valid driver’s license, as well as full-time access to a
working automobile. Prospective applicants should be able to work in dynamic and rapidly
paced work environment, have a deﬁned interest in public service, and should be prepared
for the need to work evenings and some weekends as needed (schedule ﬂexibility is a
must, particularly during weeks Congress is in session).
Compensation will be commensurate with experience. This position includes paid leave,
retirement beneﬁts, full medical, dental, vision insurance, student loan repayment support
for qualiﬁed individuals, among other beneﬁts.
Prospective applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
PA02.Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please no calls or drop ins. This o2ice is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national
origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.

MEM-451-24
Background:
The o2ice of a conservative mid-western Member of Congress seeks to hire a Deputy Chief
of StaG based in the D.C. o2ice.
Job Expectations:
The Deputy Chief of Sta2 will work closely with the Member, the Chief of Sta2, and District
Director to determine and execute the overall strategies of the o2ice. This includes, but is
not limited to, formulating policy positions, overseeing the o2ice’s legislative and media
relations strategies, and collaborating with District sta2 on important outreach and
communication e2orts. In addition, the Deputy Chief of Sta2 will provide leadership and
guidance to structure the o2ice to provide outstanding constituent relations.
Salary Level/Range:
Dependent upon skills and experience.
Preferences:
• Bachelor's degree

• Demonstrated interest in public service
• Previous Hill experience, particularly on policy and legislation
Applicant Instructions:
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume and cover letter
to ConservativeMidwestGOP@gmail.com.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-442-24
Congressman Jason Crow (CO-06) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working Legislative
Assistant, based in our Washington, D.C. o2ice. This position reports to the Legislative
Director. The LA will handle a domestic-facing portfolio, including animals, arts, postal,
small business, housing, and telecom.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Key duties include:
Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio of issue
areas
Working with external stakeholders, CRS, Legislative Counsel, and committee sta2 to draft
legislation based on the Member’s priorities
Preparing and sta2ing the Member for meetings, and assisting in the drafting of remarks, as
needed
Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Legislative Director, and
legislative, communications, and district teams on legislative updates
Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communications skills and be detailoriented, organized, and creative. Other key qualities include:
Commitment to a collaborative work environment
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage competing priorities
Ability to communicate up and down within the team
Ability to learn the Congressman’s voice and legislative priorities
Interest in identifying and pursuing new opportunities and the ability to anticipate and
adapt to challenges
This o2ice is committed to building a diverse and inclusive team: candidates of color,
women, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are encouraged to apply. This o2ice is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status. Colorado ties are a plus and prior Hill experience is preferred.
Compensation is competitive and commensurate with level of experience.

Qualiﬁed applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (no more
than 3 pages) as one combined PDF to co06.resumes@mail.house.gov. Include
“Legislative Assistant – [Full Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on
a rolling basis as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-438-24
District Director
(District OGice)
OGice of Congresswoman Jill Tokuda
SUMMARY:
Rep. Jill Tokuda is looking for a highly motivated individual to manage her Hawaii sta2 and
oversee operations and objectives to ensure community and constituent needs are met
fully and in a timely manner. This position develops outreach and constituent service
strategies, represents the Congresswoman in meetings and at events, supervises district
sta2, and plans/assigns work. The ideal candidate would have supervisory experience and
leadership skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, and extremely strong written and
verbal communication skills. Attention to detail and ability to work collaboratively is
required.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Works with sta2 to put together the Congresswoman’s district schedule.
Ensures casework is being handled in a timely manner and that messages,
commendations, and correspondence are being delivered before deadlines. Proofs
documents sent out from the district o2ice.
Oversees the annual congressional competitions for art & computer applications, as well
as the military academy nominations process.
Directly oversees district sta2 including ﬁeld representatives.
Maintains communication with the Congresswoman and the Chief of Sta2, ensuring they
are abreast of local concerns and any Hawaii sta2 issues, suggests strategies for handling
when needed.
Candidates must be able to work a ﬂexible schedule, including occasional nights and
weekends. Interested candidates are requested to submit a cover letter, resume, and three
references to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-431-24
Congresswoman Alma Adams, member of the House Education and the Workforce
Committee, seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant to join her team. The policy
portfolio and areas of responsibility for this position is mostly focused on Education and

Workforce Committee work. The portfolio of work will include other issues however they
will be assigned based on experience and need.
This position reports to the Legislative Director and Chief of Sta2 and will include extensive
work with the Congresswoman and the rest of her team. Qualiﬁed candidates should have
knowledge of the legislative process and demonstrate an ability to take initiative.
Hill experience is required.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
1. Preparing and sta2ing Member for meetings, committee hearings and markups, ﬂoor
votes, and related events;
2. Representing Member in meetings with constituents and both national- and local-level
advocacy groups, think thanks, and other groups relevant to policy portfolio;
3. Tracking legislation and other developments in assigned issue area(s), monitor relevant
committee and ﬂoor activity, track developing local/international news events, make
recommendations for votes, cosponsor ships and letters for Member to sign;
4. Building and maintaining positive relationships with congressional sta2, district and
national stakeholders, advocacy organizations, Executive Branch o2icials, and other key
stakeholders relevant to policy portfolio;
5. Building support for Member’s policy priorities and developing/implementing ideas for
new initiatives (legislation, letters, events, press, etc.)
6. Drafting legislation, letters, ﬂoor/committee remarks, talking points, press related
materials, and other written material related to policy portfolio; and
7. Other duties as assigned by senior sta2.
The O2ice of Representative Alma Adams is an equal opportunity employer, committed to
developing an organization that is reﬂective of and attentive to the needs of the diverse
community we serve. The o2ice does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age,
religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to NC12.Resume@mail.hosue.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-425-24
The o2ice of Rep. Greg Landsman seeks a highly motivated, energetic, and organized
individual to serve as a Legislative Correspondent, based in our DC o2ice.
The LC reports to the Legislative Director and works in close collaboration with the
Member, Chief of Sta2, and communications and district teams. The LC will manage the
Congressman’s constituent mail program and provide support to the full legislative team.
Key duties include:

Drafting tailored letters in response to constituent inquiries
Maintain and update current response letter library
Sorts/batches incoming constituent mail by issue area
Ensures accurate batching and a timely response to all constituents
Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups as needed
Communicating clearly and consistently with the Legislative Director, Chief of Sta2, and
Member
Key qualities include:
Strong verbal and written communications skills and ability to communicate both up and
down within the team
Excellent organizational skills and ability to prioritize assignments
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and quickly respond to requests from the
Member and the team
Commitment to a collaborative work environment
Ability to quickly learn and adapt to the Congressman’s voice, style, and legislative
priorities
Comfort with receiving and delivering feedback
Attention to detail, creativity, and most of all, hustle.
Salary range is $50,000 - $55,000, commensurate with experience. Title commensurate
with experience.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Ohio ties are a plus. The
o2ice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please
email jobs.landsman@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Correspondent” in the subject line
and the following application materials attached as one combined PDF:
Cover letter
Résumé
Brief writing sample
Two references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email, and a
one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not contact these
references without reaching out to you for your approval)
No phone calls or drop bys, please.

MEM-424-24
The o2ice of Rep. Greg Landsman seeks a highly motivated, energetic, and detail-oriented
individual to serve as a Legislative Aide, based in our DC o2ice.

The Legislative Aide reports to the Legislative Director and works in close collaboration with
the Member, Chief of Sta2, and communications and district teams. Exact issue area
portfolio is ﬂexible, and applicants with backgrounds in any issue area are encouraged to
apply.
Key duties include:
Preparing and sta2ing the Member for meetings
Working with committee sta2, external stakeholders, Legislative Counsel, and the
Congressional Research Service to draft legislation based on the Member’s priorities
Creating vote recommendations on legislation coming to the Floor within a given issue area
Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio of issue
areas
Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Chief of Sta2, and legislative,
communications, and district teams on legislative updates
Overseeing special projects, that may include drafting letters of support, and researching
and advising local stakeholders on federal funding/grant opportunities
Key qualities include:
Strong verbal and written communications skills and ability to communicate both up and
down within the team
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and quickly respond to requests from the
Member and the team
Commitment to a collaborative work environment
Ability to quickly learn and adapt to the Congressman’s voice, style, and legislative
priorities
Comfort with receiving and delivering feedback
Attention to detail, creativity, and most of all, hustle
The salary for this position is $65,000.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Ohio ties are a plus. The
o2ice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please email
jobs.landsman@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Aide” in the subject line and attach the
following application materials as one combined PDF:
Cover letter
Résumé
Two references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email, and a
one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not contact these
references without reaching out to you for your approval)

No phone calls or drop bys, please.

MEM-415-24
JOB SUMMARY
The O2ice of Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) seeks a dynamic and experienced
Communications Director to lead the development and implementation of
communication strategies that promote the Member's priorities and initiatives. The ideal
candidate will have a strong background in media relations, public a2airs, and strategic
messaging, as well as the ability to work collaboratively with legislative and district teams.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Develop and implement comprehensive communication strategies for the Member.
•Oversee media relations, including drafting press releases and managing inquiries.
•Coordinate communications e2orts with legislative initiatives.
•Craft speeches, op-eds, and other written materials.
•Manage social media presence and digital communications.
•Work closely with the Chief of Sta2 and Legislative Director to align messaging.
•Monitor and analyze media coverage of the Member and relevant issues.
•Serve as the primary spokesperson for the Member.
•Train and prepare the Member for public appearances and interviews.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Bachelor’s degree in Communications, Public Relations, or a related ﬁeld.
•5+ years of experience in communications, media relations, or public a2airs.
•Strong writing and editing skills with attention to detail.
•Experience working in a fast-paced political environment.
•Familiarity with social media platforms and digital communication strategies.
•Ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines e2ectively.
•Strong interpersonal and team collaboration skills.
•Knowledge of current legislative issues and their impact on constituents.
•Familiarity with California and/or District 43 preferred.
SALARY
•Commensurate with experience.
APPLICANT INSTRUCTIONS:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and at least 3 references
to ellis.mcginnis@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the subject line.
Applications will be accepted until the position is ﬁlled. Incomplete applications may not
be considered. This o2ice is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-411-24

The O2ice of Congressman John Garamendi seeks an experienced Communications
Director.
The Communications Director will design and execute a communications plan to elevate
the Representative and better connect him with his constituents. This will include but is not
exclusive to drafting press releases, authoring op-eds, pitching and coordinating earned
media, overseeing social media content and strategy, creating direct constituent mail, and
telephone town halls. The role will also directly manage and mentor two other
communications sta2 members.
This is not an entry-level position; a strong background in communications is required.
Exceptional candidates will have signiﬁcant earned media experience, management
experience, and writing in with a strong prospective. Our o2ice is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity,
national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ+ identiﬁcation, family status, or military status.
Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Our o2ice is a tightknit community, and we
are also looking for someone who can continue to foster that environment and encourage
cross-talent collaboration.
Applications are requested by October 14th but will be considered on a rolling basis. To
apply, please email ca08.jobs@mail.house.gov with Communications Director Applicant in
the subject line and the following application materials attached as one combined PDF: 1.
Cover letter; 2. Résumé; and 3. Two writing samples, preferably a press release and an oped. Salary will depend on experience, but is expected to align with the median salary of
communications directors in personal o2ices in the House of Representatives.

MEM-410-24
CONGRESSIONAL STAFF: Full Time Constituent Services Representative
SUMMARY: The Constituent Services Representative position acts as a liaison to federal,
district, and local agencies for the Member/constituents and answers casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents. Candidates must be a selfstarter, excited to problem solve, hardworking, dependable, and organized as well as
possess strong oral and written communication skills. This position requires the ability to
work well under pressure, good judgment, strong customer service skills, and a
commitment to public service. Availability to work some evenings and weekends is
required. Ability to communicate in multiple languages is also highly desirable. A vehicle to
travel to evening and weekend events is also recommended.

Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a cover letter and resume
to ny08team@gmail.com with the Subject Line: Constituent Services Representative
Position.
Women, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
• Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies;
• Handles casework assignments and special projects at the direction of the Director of
Constituent Services;
• Continually screens active cases/ constituent service requests and acts as a liaison
with constituents to ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
• Maintains up-to-date ﬁles on all cases and categories of information of importance to
the o2ice;
• Attends and monitors scheduled district meetings on behalf of the Member with
constituents and groups during regular o2ice hours, some evenings and weekends;
• Logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors & telephone calls;
• Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework and constituent concerns in Congressional Management System Database;
• Performs cross functional tasks with other departments, as needed.
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the o2ice; Maintains a good
working relationship with the Member, sta2, and constituents;
• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong customer service, oral and written communication skills;
• Familiarity with local, state and federal agencies; Strong knowledge of issues and
events in the district in which the Member is involved;
• Professional telephone manner and excellent customer and client service skills;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities;
• Knowledge of o2ice policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge and proﬁciency in Microsoft o2ice suite and other o2ice computer
applications.

MEM-392-24

Congresswoman Emilia Sykes seeks a Communications Director to serve in their
Washington, D.C. o2ice. Candidates must be proactive, possess superior written and oral
communication skills, and be able to execute a robust communications strategy. This is
not an entry-level position. Only candidates with prior political or legislative
communications experience will be considered.
Primary responsibilities:
•Creating and executing a robust communications plan;
•Establishing and maintaining relationships with Ohio, national, and D.C.-based media;
•Advancing press events and sta2ing the Member as needed, including occasional night
and weekend commitments;
•Drafting and distributing press releases, statements, and media advisories;
Creating, editing, and strategically placing op-eds;
•Overseeing the development of social media content creation, including rapid response;
•Managing a franked communications plan including text messages, e-newsletters, digital
ads, radio ads, 499s, mailers, etc;
•Pitching to reporters and producers, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the
main point-of-contact for media;
•Updating the website as needed;
•Managing the Press Secretary; and
•Performing other duties as assigned.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The o2ice is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
The salary range for this position is $90,000-$100,000 based on experience.
To apply, please send a resume, three references, and two writing samples in one pdf to
JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: Full Name –
Communications Director.

MEM-382-24

The Military and Veterans AGairs Liaison is responsible for maintaining relationships with
veterans, military members, military installations and organizations, veterans organizations
and o2ices, and other like entities within the district. Additionally, the liaison will be
responsible for all military and veterans related casework and lead the o2ice’s service
academy nomination process.
•

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility including
answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal communications
with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned issue
areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents, organizations,
etc;
Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal o2icials and other persons or groups to form
e2ective relationships for the Member;
Acts as a liaison to and notiﬁes the appropriate media when the Member will be in the
liaison’s area and works with the Member’s Scheduler and Press Secretary to ensure
appropriate media participation;
Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes recommendations
to the District Director and Director of Constituent Services;
Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district o2ices;
Assists with the handling of o2ice matters such as logging incoming and outgoing
correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district activities in
his or her assigned issue areas;
Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure that their
cases are handled in a responsive manner;
Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, sta2, and constituents;
Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience preferred;
Previous o2ice experience is preferred;
Previous experience working for a Member of Congress, elected o2icial, or government
agency preferred;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
Meets attendance requirements as established by the o2ice;
Accepts performance based criticism and directions;
Strong oral and written communication skills;
Works well under pressure and handles stress;
Works a ﬂexible schedule including some nights and weekends;
Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and procedures;
Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
Professional telephone manner;
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities;
Knowledge of o2ice policies, practices, and procedures;
Knowledge of o2ice computer applications; and
Proﬁciency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
Work is mainly performed in an o2ice environment;
Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
This job is primarily performed in-person
This position will be in the District O2ices of Congressman Max Miller (Medina and Parma,
Ohio)
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume to
Raymond.Paoletta@mail.house.gov.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-135-24
PRESS SECRETARY- The O2ice of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03) seeks an
experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. o2ice. Candidates must be able to
manage media relations, press opportunities, and messaging for a senior member of
Congress. This role reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active relationships with
top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience will receive preferred
consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations, messaging,
and risk management.
•Advance press events and sta2 the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current relationships
with national, and D.C.-based media.

•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the o2ice’s larger communications
strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The O2ice of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and
gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic
information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status,
military service, or other non-merit factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as
candidates from underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.

