Member and Committee Openings
Week of November 11, 2024
MEM-476-24
Congressman Dan Crenshaw (R-TX-02) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working Legislative
Assistant (LA), based in our Washington, D.C. oDice. This position reports to the Legislative
Director. The LA will handle an economic facing portfolio, including Budget and
Appropriations, Financial Services, and Tax, with other issues to follow.
Key duties include:
• Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Legislative Director, and
legislative, communications, and district teams on legislative updates
• Preparing and staDing the Member for meetings, and assisting in the drafting of remarks,
as needed
• Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio of
issue areas Working with external stakeholders, Congressional Research Service (CRS),
Legislative Counsel, and committee staD to draft legislation based on the Member’s
priorities
• Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communications skills and be detailoriented, organized, and creative. They must be able to quickly learn the member’s voice
and think in a proactive, communications-focused manner.
Other key qualities include:
• Commitment to a collaborative work environment
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage competing priorities
• Ability to communicate up and down within the team
• Ability to learn the Congressman’s voice and legislative priorities
• Interest in identifying and pursuing new opportunities and the ability to anticipate and
adapt to challenges
Hill experience is required. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with level of
experience. Qualiﬁed applicants should submit a resume and writing sample (no more
than 3 pages) as one combined PDF to Kenneth.Depew@mail.house.gov. Include
“Legislative Assistant – [Full Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on
a rolling basis as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-475-24
Overview: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks Constituent Services
Representative for his oDice in Santa Rosa, California. The Constituent Services
Representative responsibilities include answering casework correspondence and verbal
communications with constituents; acting as liaison with federal, district, and local
agencies for the Member and constituents; oDice administrative responsibilities and other
duties important to serving the people of the congressional district.
Job Duties:
• Serves as a liaison with federal government entities for individual constituent concerns
• Assesses casework trends and identiﬁes issues requiring legislative action and/or
additional Congressional oversight
• Prepares incoming and outgoing constituent casework to manage casework in assigned
areas of expertise
• Maintains accurate and complete ﬁles on all assigned casework to keep track of all
casework progress
• Screens and monitors cases to determine if referring the case to other government
entities is appropriate
• Answers casework correspondence, meets with constituents, and serves as a liaison with
federal, state, and local authorities to act as the representative for the Member within their
areas of responsibility
• Writes responses to constituent letters relating to casework to answer questions or
inform them of case progress
• Support ODice in executing public meetings and annual Congressional activities such as
the Congressional Art Competition, Congressional App Competition, and other similar
events.
• Orders all oDice supplies to maintain oDice functionality and similar administrative duties
• Acts as the Intern Coordinator supporting the onboarding, training, and supervision of
interns
• Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and ensure
work is completed in an eDicient and eDective manner
Featured Skills: Candidates must be a self-starter, hard-working, highly dependable, and
organized as well as possess strong oral and written communication skills and the ability to
work quickly under pressure. Good judgment, strong customer service and interpersonal
skills, attention to detail, ability to work in a team environment, a passion for public
service, and availability to work some evenings and weekends are required. Driver’s license
and access to vehicle is required. Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of
education and experience preferred. Prior experience working for federal, state, or local
government, especially related to casework is preferred. Familiarity with Member's district,
especially the Sonoma Valley, is preferred. Ability to communicate in multiple languages,
especially Spanish, is highly desirable.

MEM-474-24
Title: Digital Director, House Committee on Veterans’ ADairs, Republican StaD
Reports to: Communications Director, House Committee on Veterans’ ADairs
The Republican (Majority) staD of the House Committee on Veterans’ ADairs is seeking a
full-time Digital Director.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Drafting press releases, ﬂoor speeches, quotes, talking points, social media posts,
one-pagers, and scripts for speaking engagements and video productions.
• Creating, developing, and managing social media posts and a broader social media
strategy.
• Managing sending out press releases, oDicial statements, media advisories, and
other external communications.
• Managing the Committee website.
• Managing the internal and external Committee press list, to include growing the
external press list.
• Managing hearing livestreams.
• Clipping and posting Committee Members’ hearing and ﬂoor remarks in real-time.
• Photographing hearings, events, and meetings, to include occasional videography.
• Creating graphics for social media and visual aids.
• Compiling, monitoring, and distributing daily press clips.
• Perform other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will possess strong written, verbal, and digital communication skills,
an interest in veterans’ issues, the ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative, forwardthinking environment, professionalism, and a good sense of humor. This is not an entry
level position; prior Capitol Hill communications experience or private-sector equivalent is
required.
Beneﬁts:
• Employees may be eligible for the following beneﬁts:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the
interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, references, and three writing
samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Digital Director” in the subject line. No
calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-473-24
Title: Sta? Assistant, House Committee on Veterans’ ADairs, Republican StaD
Reports to: Chief Clerk, House Committee on Veterans’ ADairs
StaD assistants often serve as the ﬁrst point of contact for constituents, guests, and VIPs,
setting the tone for the oDice. The StaD Assistant provides general administrative support
to staD, staDs front oDice and phones, preparation for hearings/committee business,
processes mail, and assists with other duties as assigned. Previous Hill experience is
recommended but not required.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Foster a welcoming atmosphere and create a positive ﬁrst impression for the
oDice's constituents, visitors, and VIPs.
Provide front oDice administrative coverage to include answering phones, and
processing mail.
Maintain ﬁles for mail, bills, reports, and public laws, and other legislative papers.
Prepare binders for full committee events (hearings, markups, ﬂoor, etc.).
Prepares hearing room for hearings, markups, and other committee business.
Review the Congressional Record daily for information that impacts the Committee.
Maintain contact lists for committee staD and committee member personal oDice
staD.
Oversee the internship program, which includes supervising and training interns.
Manages hearing room reservations
Maintain Republican email distribution and contact lists.
Monitor oDice supplies to ensure that staD have needed supplies.
Serve as the secondary ODice Safety Coordinator.
Perform other duties as assigned.

Beneﬁts:

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Employees may be eligible for the following beneﬁts:
Sick and Annual Leave
Student Loan Repayment Program
Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
Thrift Savings Plan
Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the
interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and references to
VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “StaD Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walkins, please.

MEM-471-24
HEALTH POLICY ADVISOR/SENIOR HEALTH POLICY ADVISOR
Congressman Ami Bera, M.D. (CA-06) seeks a qualiﬁed candidate to support his legislative
activities related to health care, including but not limited to: Medicare/Medicaid ﬁnancing,
graduate medical education (GME), workforce issues, drug pricing, childhood cancer,
social isolation, mental health, pandemic preparedness, biosecurity, and the intersection
of health care and artiﬁcial intelligence.
Responsibilities will include:
• To research, develop and plan legislative and event/caucus initiatives
• StaD the member on the Bipartisan House AI Taskforce, Doctor’s Caucus, and lead
his work on the Health Care Innovation Caucus and Childhood Cancer Caucus
• To monitor legislative developments within various Committees of jurisdiction in the
House and Senate, and the House ﬂoor
• To draft/prepare Congressman Bera with the necessary information, such as talking
points or background
• To draft constituent, stakeholder, and industry correspondence for the Member
• To meet with constituents, stakeholders, special interests groups, industry
representatives on behalf of the Member

•
•

To maintain vital relationships with District stakeholders, constituents, academics,
patient groups, relevant industry experts to maintain an open line of communication
and holistic understanding of key issues
To travel to the district once per quarter for events and meetings

This is NOT an entry level position. Successful candidates must be highly self-motivated,
enthusiastic about thinking outside the box, be detail-oriented, work well under pressure,
be able to explain complex ideas clearly and concisely, have strong interpersonal and
networking skills, think creatively, and be able to handle multiple projects at once.
Candidates will report directly to the member and travel to the district on a quarterly basis.
Hill or agency experience is preferred. California or Sacramento ties preferred. This oDice is
an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age,
religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity
or expression. Interested applicants should submit: a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page
writing sample and email to jobs.ca06@gmail.com

MEM-470-24
House Judiciary Committee – Sta? Assistant
The Democratic staD of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a StaD Assistant.
Candidates should have excellent organizational skills and strong research, writing, and
communication skills.
Responsibilities include overseeing logistics for hearings and markups; providing
administrative and research support to committee and subcommittee counsels; and
coordinating calendars for the committee, the subcommittees, and the senior staD.
Additional responsibilities may include serving as an assistant clerk during markups and
managing the committee’s internship program. The ideal candidate will be willing to learn
from our counsels and grow into more substantive role over time.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staD reﬂects the diversity of the country’s
population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The
Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital
or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national
origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and include “StaD
Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-469-24

Counsel for the House Judiciary Committee – National Security
The Democratic StaD of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a dedicated, hard-working
lawyer with a minimum of ﬁve years of relevant legal experience to serve as a committee
counsel, working with counsels across multiple subcommittees and reporting to the Chief
Oversight Counsel.
Responsibilities include serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the Committee
on matters of law and policy within the Committee’s jurisdiction, with a focus on national
security, surveillance, and civil liberties; drafting legislation; preparing hearings; drafting
statements, memos, and brieﬁng materials; attending classiﬁed brieﬁngs; and providing
guidance to Democratic House oDices on matters of national security and constitutional
law.
A successful candidate must demonstrate exceptional writing and legal research skills, a
strong work ethic, a professional temperament, and an ability to work on novel and
complex matters. This candidate must also be able to work collaboratively with a broad
range of personalities. In addition, sound political judgment, prior legislative or policy
experience, a substantive background in national security law, an active security
clearance, and a demonstrated commitment to public service are strongly preferred. A
sense of humor is a plus.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staD represents the diversity of the country’s
population. The Committee also encourages women and members of historically
disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Job.JDEM@mail.house.gov. Please include “National Security Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-468-24
Counsel for the House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution – Reproductive Rights
The Democratic StaD of the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on the
Constitution seeks a dedicated, hard-working lawyer with a minimum of ﬁve years of
relevant legal experience to serve as subcommittee counsel, reporting to the chief counsel
for the subcommittee.
Responsibilities include serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the Committee
on matters of law and policy within the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction, with a focus on
reproductive rights and the privacy of patients and health care providers; drafting
legislation; preparing hearings; drafting statements, memos, and brieﬁng materials; and

providing guidance to Democratic House oDices on matters of constitutional and civil
rights law.
A successful candidate must demonstrate exceptional writing and legal research skills, a
strong work ethic, a professional temperament, and an ability to work on novel and
complex matters. This candidate must be able to work collaboratively with a broad range of
personalities. In addition, sound political judgment, prior legislative or policy experience, a
substantive background in civil rights or constitutional law, and a demonstrated
commitment to public service are strongly preferred. A sense of humor is a plus.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staD represents the diversity of the country’s
population. The Committee also encourages women and members of historically
disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to Job.JDEM@mail.house.gov. Please include “Constitution Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-467-24
Press Secretary/Communications Director
Congressman Tom Suozzi seeks a Press Secretary or Communications Director to serve in
his Washington, D.C. oDice. Successful candidates will have very strong writing skills, a
close eye to detail, ﬂuency with social media platforms and digital tools, and experience
working with national and local press. Responsibilities include writing press releases,
statements and media advisories; creating and managing social media content, including
graphics and videos; drafting talking points and op-eds; and creating franked
communications, including e-newsletters, mailers and telephone townhalls.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin. Qualiﬁed individuals should submit a resume, cover letter and relevant portfolio to
NY03.jobs@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-458-24
The Washington, D.C. ODice of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), member of the
House Judiciary Committee, is seeking a law clerk to work with her legislative team. Under
the supervision of the oDice’s Legislative Counsel, the law clerk will conduct legal and
policy research, attend and staD Judiciary Committee hearings, make vote
recommendations, and draft legal and policy memos and other documents. High-

achieving law students interested in public law, policy, politics, or government service are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Law clerks will engage in serious, substantive work across a number of issue areas,
including antitrust enforcement, administrative law reform, civil rights and civil liberties,
court reform and oversight, criminal justice, voting rights, and intellectual property. The
clerkship is unpaid but available for academic credit.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please email a (1) resume, (2) cover letter, (3) writing sample, and (4) list of three
references with email contacts to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov. Please send all
application documents in a single PDF ﬁle and include “Law Clerk – FirstName Last Name”
in the subject line.

MEM-458-24
Position: District Representative
Location: North Las Vegas, Nevada
Salary: Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience
Time commitment: Full-time, requires some evenings and weekends
Application Deadline: Until position is ﬁlled
Congressman Steven Horsford’s District ODice is seeking to hire a full-time District
Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to join our
high-energy team.
Job Summary:
Under the supervision of the District Director, the District Representative acts as the
representative for the Member. District Representative responsibilities include
strengthening relationships with key stakeholders, as well as attending engagements on
behalf of the Member. Caseworker responsibilities include helping constituents resolve
problems with federal agencies through written and verbal communication.
Responsibilities:
Outreach Responsibilities:
• Ensure outreach eDorts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals.
• Coordinate closely with staD to ensure district priorities are reﬂective in legislative
priorities.
• Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders.
• Organize and participate in community events, town halls, and outreach campaigns to
engage constituents.

Casework Responsibilities:
• Act as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility,
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local
agencies.
• Handle casework assignments and assess casework for problems requiring legislative
action, making recommendations to the District Director and Chief of StaD.
• Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents.
Communications and Professionalism:
• Maintain a good working relationship with the Member, staD, and constituents.
• Accept performance-based criticism and directions.
• Work well under pressure and handle stress.
• Work a ﬂexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
• Perform other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
• Political knowledge and comfortable navigating complicated situations
• Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer service
manners; public speaking skills
• Ability to multi-task, manage time eDectively, and adapt to changing priorities
• Candidates must be able to work a ﬂexible schedule, including occasional nights,
weekends and some holidays.
Beneﬁts:
• Comprehensive health insurance coverage, including medical, dental, and vision plans.
• Paid annual and sick leave.
• Thrift Savings Plan Retirement program.
• Student Loan Repayment.
• Health and Wellness programs.
• Transit Beneﬁts.
• House Professional Development programs.
• Employee purchasing/government discounts
Position Qualiﬁcations/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest in public
service and familiarity with District 4 community is preferred.
Application Instructions:
This is a full-time position based in the North Las Vegas district oDice. Salary is competitive
and commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and
veteran are encouraged to apply.

Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples (no longer
than two pages) and three professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with
"District Representative,” [Last Name, First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions
must be in a single PDF ﬁle.

MEM-457-24
The oDice of Congresswoman Grace Meng (NY-06) seeks a hardworking, collaborative
team-player to serve as a Constituent Liaison & Field Representative in her district oDice
based in Flushing, Queens. Candidates should have extensive knowledge of and familiarity
with Queens. Successful candidates are well-organized, timely, have access to a safe
vehicle and a good driving record, and the ability to sometimes work on evenings or
weekends.
Responsibilities include:
• Managing and conducting constituent casework related to the federal government,
as well as helping constituents with local resources
• Serving as a liaison with the community and local stakeholders
• Identifying federal cases and working with appropriate agencies on behalf of
constituents; Connecting constituents with local resources for non-federal cases
• Tracking constituent issues and identifying emerging trends
• Building relationships with local stakeholders, federal, state, and local agencies and
staDers
• Building and maintaining relationships with local stakeholders
• Attending and participating in community meetings on behalf of the
Congresswoman, including but not limited to monthly community boards.
• Collaborating with district staD to ensure that the Congresswoman and oDice have
an equitable and highly visible presence across all areas of the district
• Staying up to date on local news and issues
• Supporting town hall
• Providing transportation for the Member
• StaDing the Member at events and meetings within the district and across NY area
• Additional duties as needed
Skills and qualiﬁcations:
• Successful candidates are highly organized and possess strong oral and written
communication skills.
• Successful s candidates possess a bachelor’s or associate degree and equivalent
work experience
• Candidate should be a team-player with a positive attitude.
• Candidate should be collaborative, proactive, and eager to work in a fast-paced
environment, in which they are challenged to think creatively and encouraged to
grow.

•

Candidate should be a proﬁcient problem solver, with a keen ability to ask questions
and actively seek assistance when needed.

Compensation and beneﬁts: Competitive salary and beneﬁts package, including health
insurance, retirement, and paid leave.
Salary: $50,000.00 - $60,000.00 per year
Candidates who reside in NY-06 are highly encouraged. BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and
candidates from other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
The oDice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Interested applicants should send a resume and writing sample with the subject line
“Constituent Liaison & Field Representative” to Ny06resume@mail.house.gov

MEM-452-24
Congressman Brendan Boyle (PA-2) is seeking a full-time staD member to serve as a
Special Assistant in his Washington, DC oDice.
Responsibilities include (but are not limited to):
• StaDing/driving the member when in Washington, DC.
• Ensuring that the member has all necessary documents and materials prior to
events, including coordinating with the Operations Director and Scheduler regarding
member scheduling and logistics.
• Working with other Washington, DC based staD to prepare documents and other
materials for the member prior to events and meetings.
• Managing the oDice’s phone and voicemail system.
• Helping to manage the oDice’s interns.
• Coordinating tours and ﬂag requests.
• Assisting the scheduler and legislative staD with record keeping and other
administrative tasks.
• Other duties as needed.
Required skills include the following:
• Strong organizational and communication abilities.
• Proﬁciency in Microsoft ODice (Word, Outlook, Excel, Teams).
• The ability to multi-task and prioritize eDectively.
• Being a self-starter, detail oriented and punctual at all times.
• Having a strong general knowledge of the physical layout of Washington, DC.

Skills that are not required but are will be looked favorably upon include the following:
• Proﬁciency in Spanish or any other foreign language.
• Previous experience working on a political campaign or in the oDice of an elected
oDicial. Candidates with prior Washington, DC based congressional (i.e. Capitol
Hill) experience will be given priority.
• Having a connection to Philadelphia or Southeastern Pennsylvania.
• Having good general knowledge of the physical layout of Capitol Hill, including
House and Senate oDice buildings, as well as the U.S. Capitol Building.
• Proﬁciency with Intranet Quorum or other CRM software.
Prospective applicants should have a valid driver’s license, as well as full-time access to a
working automobile. Prospective applicants should be able to work in dynamic and rapidly
paced work environment, have a deﬁned interest in public service, and should be prepared
for the need to work evenings and some weekends as needed (schedule ﬂexibility is a
must, particularly during weeks Congress is in session).
Compensation will be commensurate with experience. This position includes paid leave,
retirement beneﬁts, full medical, dental, vision insurance, student loan repayment support
for qualiﬁed individuals, among other beneﬁts.
Prospective applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
PA02.Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please no calls or drop ins. This oDice is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national
origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.

MEM-451-24
Background:
The oDice of a conservative mid-western Member of Congress seeks to hire a Deputy Chief
of Sta? based in the D.C. oDice.
Job Expectations:
The Deputy Chief of StaD will work closely with the Member, the Chief of StaD, and District
Director to determine and execute the overall strategies of the oDice. This includes, but is
not limited to, formulating policy positions, overseeing the oDice’s legislative and media
relations strategies, and collaborating with District staD on important outreach and
communication eDorts. In addition, the Deputy Chief of StaD will provide leadership and
guidance to structure the oDice to provide outstanding constituent relations.
Salary Level/Range:
Dependent upon skills and experience.
Preferences:

• Bachelor's degree
• Demonstrated interest in public service
• Previous Hill experience, particularly on policy and legislation
Applicant Instructions:
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume and cover letter
to ConservativeMidwestGOP@gmail.com.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-442-24
Congressman Jason Crow (CO-06) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working Legislative
Assistant, based in our Washington, D.C. oDice. This position reports to the Legislative
Director. The LA will handle a domestic-facing portfolio, including animals, arts, postal,
small business, housing, and telecom.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Key duties include:
Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio of issue
areas
Working with external stakeholders, CRS, Legislative Counsel, and committee staD to draft
legislation based on the Member’s priorities
Preparing and staDing the Member for meetings, and assisting in the drafting of remarks, as
needed
Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Legislative Director, and
legislative, communications, and district teams on legislative updates
Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communications skills and be detailoriented, organized, and creative. Other key qualities include:
Commitment to a collaborative work environment
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage competing priorities
Ability to communicate up and down within the team
Ability to learn the Congressman’s voice and legislative priorities
Interest in identifying and pursuing new opportunities and the ability to anticipate and
adapt to challenges
This oDice is committed to building a diverse and inclusive team: candidates of color,
women, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are encouraged to apply. This oDice is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital

status, or parental status. Colorado ties are a plus and prior Hill experience is preferred.
Compensation is competitive and commensurate with level of experience.
Qualiﬁed applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (no more
than 3 pages) as one combined PDF to co06.resumes@mail.house.gov. Include
“Legislative Assistant – [Full Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on
a rolling basis as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-438-24
District Director
(District O?ice)
O?ice of Congresswoman Jill Tokuda
SUMMARY:
Rep. Jill Tokuda is looking for a highly motivated individual to manage her Hawaii staD and
oversee operations and objectives to ensure community and constituent needs are met
fully and in a timely manner. This position develops outreach and constituent service
strategies, represents the Congresswoman in meetings and at events, supervises district
staD, and plans/assigns work. The ideal candidate would have supervisory experience and
leadership skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, and extremely strong written and
verbal communication skills. Attention to detail and ability to work collaboratively is
required.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Works with staD to put together the Congresswoman’s district schedule.
Ensures casework is being handled in a timely manner and that messages,
commendations, and correspondence are being delivered before deadlines. Proofs
documents sent out from the district oDice.
Oversees the annual congressional competitions for art & computer applications, as well
as the military academy nominations process.
Directly oversees district staD including ﬁeld representatives.
Maintains communication with the Congresswoman and the Chief of StaD, ensuring they
are abreast of local concerns and any Hawaii staD issues, suggests strategies for handling
when needed.
Candidates must be able to work a ﬂexible schedule, including occasional nights and
weekends. Interested candidates are requested to submit a cover letter, resume, and three
references to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-431-24

Congresswoman Alma Adams, member of the House Education and the Workforce
Committee, seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant to join her team. The policy
portfolio and areas of responsibility for this position is mostly focused on Education and
Workforce Committee work. The portfolio of work will include other issues however they
will be assigned based on experience and need.
This position reports to the Legislative Director and Chief of StaD and will include extensive
work with the Congresswoman and the rest of her team. Qualiﬁed candidates should have
knowledge of the legislative process and demonstrate an ability to take initiative.
Hill experience is required.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
1. Preparing and staDing Member for meetings, committee hearings and markups, ﬂoor
votes, and related events;
2. Representing Member in meetings with constituents and both national- and local-level
advocacy groups, think thanks, and other groups relevant to policy portfolio;
3. Tracking legislation and other developments in assigned issue area(s), monitor relevant
committee and ﬂoor activity, track developing local/international news events, make
recommendations for votes, cosponsor ships and letters for Member to sign;
4. Building and maintaining positive relationships with congressional staD, district and
national stakeholders, advocacy organizations, Executive Branch oDicials, and other key
stakeholders relevant to policy portfolio;
5. Building support for Member’s policy priorities and developing/implementing ideas for
new initiatives (legislation, letters, events, press, etc.)
6. Drafting legislation, letters, ﬂoor/committee remarks, talking points, press related
materials, and other written material related to policy portfolio; and
7. Other duties as assigned by senior staD.
The ODice of Representative Alma Adams is an equal opportunity employer, committed to
developing an organization that is reﬂective of and attentive to the needs of the diverse
community we serve. The oDice does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age,
religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to NC12.Resume@mail.hosue.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-425-24
The oDice of Rep. Greg Landsman seeks a highly motivated, energetic, and organized
individual to serve as a Legislative Correspondent, based in our DC oDice.
The LC reports to the Legislative Director and works in close collaboration with the
Member, Chief of StaD, and communications and district teams. The LC will manage the

Congressman’s constituent mail program and provide support to the full legislative team.
Key duties include:
Drafting tailored letters in response to constituent inquiries
Maintain and update current response letter library
Sorts/batches incoming constituent mail by issue area
Ensures accurate batching and a timely response to all constituents
Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups as needed
Communicating clearly and consistently with the Legislative Director, Chief of StaD, and
Member
Key qualities include:
Strong verbal and written communications skills and ability to communicate both up and
down within the team
Excellent organizational skills and ability to prioritize assignments
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and quickly respond to requests from the
Member and the team
Commitment to a collaborative work environment
Ability to quickly learn and adapt to the Congressman’s voice, style, and legislative
priorities
Comfort with receiving and delivering feedback
Attention to detail, creativity, and most of all, hustle.
Salary range is $50,000 - $55,000, commensurate with experience. Title commensurate
with experience.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Ohio ties are a plus. The
oDice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please
email jobs.landsman@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Correspondent” in the subject line
and the following application materials attached as one combined PDF:
Cover letter
Résumé
Brief writing sample
Two references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email, and a
one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not contact these
references without reaching out to you for your approval)
No phone calls or drop bys, please.

MEM-424-24

The oDice of Rep. Greg Landsman seeks a highly motivated, energetic, and detail-oriented
individual to serve as a Legislative Aide, based in our DC oDice.
The Legislative Aide reports to the Legislative Director and works in close collaboration with
the Member, Chief of StaD, and communications and district teams. Exact issue area
portfolio is ﬂexible, and applicants with backgrounds in any issue area are encouraged to
apply.
Key duties include:
Preparing and staDing the Member for meetings
Working with committee staD, external stakeholders, Legislative Counsel, and the
Congressional Research Service to draft legislation based on the Member’s priorities
Creating vote recommendations on legislation coming to the Floor within a given issue area
Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio of issue
areas
Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Chief of StaD, and legislative,
communications, and district teams on legislative updates
Overseeing special projects, that may include drafting letters of support, and researching
and advising local stakeholders on federal funding/grant opportunities
Key qualities include:
Strong verbal and written communications skills and ability to communicate both up and
down within the team
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and quickly respond to requests from the
Member and the team
Commitment to a collaborative work environment
Ability to quickly learn and adapt to the Congressman’s voice, style, and legislative
priorities
Comfort with receiving and delivering feedback
Attention to detail, creativity, and most of all, hustle
The salary for this position is $65,000.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Ohio ties are a plus. The
oDice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please email
jobs.landsman@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Aide” in the subject line and attach the
following application materials as one combined PDF:
Cover letter
Résumé

Two references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email, and a
one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not contact these
references without reaching out to you for your approval)
No phone calls or drop bys, please.

MEM-410-24
CONGRESSIONAL STAFF: Full Time Constituent Services Representative
SUMMARY: The Constituent Services Representative position acts as a liaison to federal,
district, and local agencies for the Member/constituents and answers casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents. Candidates must be a selfstarter, excited to problem solve, hardworking, dependable, and organized as well as
possess strong oral and written communication skills. This position requires the ability to
work well under pressure, good judgment, strong customer service skills, and a
commitment to public service. Availability to work some evenings and weekends is
required. Ability to communicate in multiple languages is also highly desirable. A vehicle to
travel to evening and weekend events is also recommended.
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a cover letter and resume
to ny08team@gmail.com with the Subject Line: Constituent Services Representative
Position.
Women, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
• Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies;
• Handles casework assignments and special projects at the direction of the Director of
Constituent Services;
• Continually screens active cases/ constituent service requests and acts as a liaison
with constituents to ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
• Maintains up-to-date ﬁles on all cases and categories of information of importance to
the oDice;
• Attends and monitors scheduled district meetings on behalf of the Member with
constituents and groups during regular oDice hours, some evenings and weekends;
• Logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors & telephone calls;
• Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework and constituent concerns in Congressional Management System Database;
• Performs cross functional tasks with other departments, as needed.
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the oDice; Maintains a good
working relationship with the Member, staD, and constituents;

• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong customer service, oral and written communication skills;
• Familiarity with local, state and federal agencies; Strong knowledge of issues and
events in the district in which the Member is involved;
• Professional telephone manner and excellent customer and client service skills;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities;
• Knowledge of oDice policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge and proﬁciency in Microsoft oDice suite and other oDice computer
applications.

MEM-392-24
Congresswoman Emilia Sykes seeks a Communications Director to serve in their
Washington, D.C. oDice. Candidates must be proactive, possess superior written and oral
communication skills, and be able to execute a robust communications strategy. This is
not an entry-level position. Only candidates with prior political or legislative
communications experience will be considered.
Primary responsibilities:
•Creating and executing a robust communications plan;
•Establishing and maintaining relationships with Ohio, national, and D.C.-based media;
•Advancing press events and staDing the Member as needed, including occasional night
and weekend commitments;
•Drafting and distributing press releases, statements, and media advisories;
Creating, editing, and strategically placing op-eds;
•Overseeing the development of social media content creation, including rapid response;
•Managing a franked communications plan including text messages, e-newsletters, digital
ads, radio ads, 499s, mailers, etc;
•Pitching to reporters and producers, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the
main point-of-contact for media;
•Updating the website as needed;
•Managing the Press Secretary; and
•Performing other duties as assigned.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The oDice is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,

sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
The salary range for this position is $90,000-$100,000 based on experience.
To apply, please send a resume, three references, and two writing samples in one pdf to
JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: Full Name –
Communications Director.

MEM-382-24
The Military and Veterans A?airs Liaison is responsible for maintaining relationships with
veterans, military members, military installations and organizations, veterans organizations
and oDices, and other like entities within the district. Additionally, the liaison will be
responsible for all military and veterans related casework and lead the oDice’s service
academy nomination process.
•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility including
answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal communications
with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned issue
areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents, organizations,
etc;
Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal oDicials and other persons or groups to form
eDective relationships for the Member;
Acts as a liaison to and notiﬁes the appropriate media when the Member will be in the
liaison’s area and works with the Member’s Scheduler and Press Secretary to ensure
appropriate media participation;
Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes recommendations
to the District Director and Director of Constituent Services;
Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district oDices;
Assists with the handling of oDice matters such as logging incoming and outgoing
correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district activities in
his or her assigned issue areas;
Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure that their
cases are handled in a responsive manner;
Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staD, and constituents;
Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):

•
•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•

Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience preferred;
Previous oDice experience is preferred;
Previous experience working for a Member of Congress, elected oDicial, or government
agency preferred;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
Meets attendance requirements as established by the oDice;
Accepts performance based criticism and directions;
Strong oral and written communication skills;
Works well under pressure and handles stress;
Works a ﬂexible schedule including some nights and weekends;
Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and procedures;
Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
Professional telephone manner;
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities;
Knowledge of oDice policies, practices, and procedures;
Knowledge of oDice computer applications; and
Proﬁciency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
Work is mainly performed in an oDice environment;
Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
This job is primarily performed in-person
This position will be in the District ODices of Congressman Max Miller (Medina and Parma,
Ohio)
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume to
Raymond.Paoletta@mail.house.gov.
Notice:

All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-135-24
PRESS SECRETARY- The ODice of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03) seeks an
experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. oDice. Candidates must be able to
manage media relations, press opportunities, and messaging for a senior member of
Congress. This role reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active relationships with
top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience will receive preferred
consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations, messaging,
and risk management.
•Advance press events and staD the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current relationships
with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the oDice’s larger communications
strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The ODice of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and
gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic
information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status,
military service, or other non-merit factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as
candidates from underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.

