Internship Openings
Week of May 12, 2025
MEM-146-25
Digital/Press Intern
The Office of Congressman Salud Carbajal (CA-24) is seeking a highly motivated and
creative Digital/Press Intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation based
in his Washington, D.C. office for the Summer 2025 term (June to August/September). The
Digital/Press Intern will help build out the Congressman’s digital and social media
footprint, with heavy emphasis on creating engaging social media content and graphics.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist
with time-sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video
editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. California or Central Coast ties and Spanish
literacy are a plus. The intern will work closely with the Communications Director, Digital
Director/Press Secretary, and Legislative Correspondent.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Compiling daily press clips
• Creating engaging graphics and editing photos
• Assisting the Digital/Creative Assistant with social media content, website content
and digital newsletters
• Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
• Assisting with press releases, op-eds, advisories, and other written materials
• Creating and maintaining press lists
• Compiling regular comms reports on press and social media results
• Additional responsibilities include assisting the Legislative Correspondent with
administrative tasks (e.g. answering phone calls, greeting visitors, etc.) and
legislative tasks (e.g. batching incoming messages on Fireside, drafting constituent
letters, writing cosponsor recommendations, etc.)
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:
A qualified candidate will possess strong social media and graphic design skills. Past
experiences with Canva, Photoshop, and other digital/graphic/video design platforms are a
major plus.

TO APPLY:
The internship will run from June to August/September. The hours are roughly 32 hours a
week and are flexible to accommodate schedules and time zones, but generally run 9 AM
to 6 PM ET when Congress is in session and 9 AM to 5 PM ET when Congress is out of
session. This position is in-person with some flexibility for telework.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, two digital
samples, and dates/hours of availability to Tommy.Vo@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “First Name Last Name – Digital Intern.” This is a full-time, limited term position and
offers a $1,500 monthly stipend from the office of Congressman Carbajal’s unless the
intern is already receiving credit/stipend through a third party. No phone calls, or walk-ins,
please. This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Deadline to apply is Tuesday, May 13.

