Internship Openings
Week of June 30, 2025
MEM-215-25
Fall Internship for House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs- Majority
Background:
House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs has a need to hire an intern in the Washington, D.C.
office in a full-time capacity. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume
and cover letter.
Job Expectations:
Interns provide support with a variety of committee activities, including but not limited to:
administrative and logistical support for hearings, business meetings, and mark-ups;
assisting the committee’s communications team with media relations activities; and
conducting legislative research for policy issues within the committee’s jurisdiction.
Job Duties:
Administrative Support
• Provides administrative and logistical support to ensure Committee hearings,
business meetings, and mark-ups are run in an efficient and effective manner
• Serves as an initial point of contact for visitors (e.g., hearing witnesses, government
officials, and other VIPs) who have business with the Committee and its staff
• Answers phone calls and routes mail and other messages to appropriate
committee staff for further action
Legislative
• Partners with the committee staff prepare stakeholder inquiries on oversight and
policy issue areas within the committee’s jurisdiction
• Performs research on issues or topics related to public law, regulation, and
legislation
• Attends meetings with stakeholders and assists the legislative staff prepare for
hearings and mark-ups

Featured Skills:
• Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles
• Research and Analysis: Collects, synthesizes, and analyzes information from a
variety of stakeholders and sources in an objective, unbiased manner to inform
strategic decision making.
• Planning and Coordination: Organizes work and sets priorities. Coordinates with
others to accomplish goals; monitors progress and evaluates outcomes.
• Interpersonal Skills: Develops and maintains effective relationships with others
from diverse backgrounds and in different situations. Shows understanding,
courtesy, tact, empathy, and politeness.
• Written Communication: Writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing
manner.
Preferences:
• Pursuing or completing Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education
and experience
• A demonstrated interest in public service
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume by 8/01/2025
to nicholas.west@mail.house.gov. Please follow the subject template:
HVAC_Fall_Firstname_Lastname
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-214-25
The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY, will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Fall Semester 2025.
Applications will be accepted June 24th, 2025 – July 25th, 2025.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Completing constituent calls
• Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations
• Day-to-day office work

•
•

Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the D.C.
office
Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case work
or work on District-based projects of importance

Interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office, congressional
communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
•
•
•
•

Resume
Cover letter
One-page writing sample
Dates of availability

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students and current graduate students.
For more information on the district internship please
visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
To apply for the Summer 2025 District Office Internship, please fill out the google form
found here: Fall 2025 DO Internship Application Google Form. Our office will be
accepting applications on a rolling basis until July 25th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early.

MEM-213-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting applications
for an internship during the 2025 Fall term. Applicants must be based in Washington,
D.C. for the duration of the fall internship (early September to mid-December, subject to
change).
Full-time paid internships run Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House
Calendar). Part-time internships are scheduled to accommodate students’ course
schedules, as well as the needs of the office. Part-time interns can expect to receive either
pay or academic credit. Interns must be a U.S. citizen and legally eligible to work for the
U.S. federal government.

In Washington, D.C., interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations.
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing
inquiries.
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests.
• Day-to-day office work to assist with the functioning of the congressional office and
other duties as delegated by members of the staff.
• Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting constituent
letters.
• Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff.
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team.
• Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the Rochester
office.
• Other administrative tasks as assigned.
Throughout the semester, interns will learn about the operations of a congressional office,
congressional communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should
possess excellent written and verbal communications skills, a strong attention to detail,
the ability to succeed in a fast-paced work environment, and a good sense of humor. New
York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following within the application form listed below:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• Writing sample (ex. policy memo, short essay, etc.) (max. 2 pages)
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college graduates.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.
To apply for the Fall 2025 DC Internship, please fill out the google form found here: Fall
2025 DC Internship Application Google Form. Our office will be accepting applications
on a rolling basis until July 25th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit
their application early.

MEM-211-25
Legislative Intern
Representative Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications for paid legislative
internships in his Washington, DC office for the fall semester.
The ideal candidate will have excellent written and oral communications skills, interest in
the legislative process, resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fast-paced
environment. Ties to the Bay Area or California are preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislative issues, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and hearings, recommending
legislation to the Representative, and other tasks as assigned.
The Fall internship begins in August and will end mid-December, with flexible start and end
dates. At least 20 hours of availability per week is preferred.
The deadline to apply is July 18, 2025. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis, so
applicants are encouraged to apply as soon as possible. Due to the large volume of
applicants, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. To apply, please submit
a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as one PDF at this link. This position is
part time, in person, and is compensated at $15/ hour.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-210-25
Press Intern
Representative Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications for a paid press internship
in his Washington, DC office for the fall semester. The press intern will work closely with
the communications team.
Applicants should be organized, creative, familiar with current events, and detail oriented.
Responsibilities include answering telephones; compiling daily press clips; creating
content for social media; drafting press releases, newsletters, and other written materials;
maintaining press lists; clipping floor and hearing remarks; and designing graphics.

The ideal candidate is team-oriented, has a strong work ethic, and has an ability to excel in
fast-paced environments. Excellent written and oral communication skills are a must.
Relevant communications skills such as graphic design, social media, and video editing
experience are preferred.
The Fall internship begins in August and will end mid-December, with flexible start and end
dates. At least 20 hours of availability per week is preferred.
The deadline to apply is July 18th, 2025. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis,
so applicants are encouraged to apply as soon as possible. Due to the large volume of
applicants, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. To apply, please submit
a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as one PDF, as well as one sample
graphic you have created, at this link. This position is part time, in person, and is
compensated at $15/ hour.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-209-25
The House Judiciary Committee Democratic Staff, under the leadership of Ranking
Member Jamie Raskin, seeks legal, clerk, and press interns for the Fall 2025 internship
program. This program offers students firsthand experience with the operations of a
congressional committee and provides a unique opportunity to learn about the important
role the House Judiciary Committee plays in the legislative process. The Committee’s
jurisdiction spans a wide range of legislative and oversight issues, including oversight of
the U.S. Department of Justice, constitutional law, federal criminal law, voting rights,
immigration and naturalization, and antitrust law. Interns work closely with Committee
staff—including subcommittee teams, the oversight team, and communications staff—on
a variety of substantive projects.
The Committee strives to ensure that our internship class reflects the diversity of the
country; candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The
Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
The deadline for applications for the Fall 2025 session has been extended to July 8,
2025. All internships are in-person, based in Washington, DC, preferably full-time, and
open to undergraduate, graduate, and law students. Legal internships are available to
law and graduate students, while clerk and press internships are offered to undergraduate

students. Intern assignments will vary depending on the work of the House Judiciary
Committee each semester.
For a full description of the legal, clerk, and press internships, as well as to submit your
application, please visit our website: https://democratsjudiciary.house.gov/about/internship-opportunities.

MEM-208-25
Fall District Internship with the Office of Congresswoman Bynum
The Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-05) is seeking part-time interns to join
our district office in Oregon City, Oregon. Preferred start date beginning in August 2025,
with an end date in December 2025. Seeking applicants available to work in-person 12-24
hours per week.
DUTIES:
• Handle incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness.
• Assist Member and key staff with logistical and administrative duties.
• Receive and log input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response.
• Organize press clips and assist the communications team with social media posts and
talking points.
• Attend briefings and hearings, conduct research, and draft correspondence and
memoranda.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• College student in good academic standing.
• Good oral and written communication skills.
• The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and compassion
• Problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and use good judgement.
• Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by July 29.

MEM-207-25
Fall D.C. Internship with the Office of Congresswoman Bynum
The Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-05) is seeking part-time interns to join
our office in Washington DC. Preferred start date in early September 2025, with an end
date in December 2025. Seeking applicants available to work 12-24 hours per week.

DUTIES:
• Handle incoming correspondence with poise, professionalism, and promptness.
• Assist Member and key staff with logistical and administrative duties.
• Update the office’s legislative tracker and perform research on legislative measures.
• Attend briefings and hearings, conduct research, and draft correspondence and
memoranda.
• Partner with communications team to create speeches, social media posts, and talking
points.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• College student in good academic standing.
• Good oral and written communication skills.
• The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and compassion
• Problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and use good judgement.
• Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by July 29, 2025.
NOTICE:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-206-25
Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate, driven, and
committed to public service for an internship in his Salem office and Washington D.C.
office.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, current graduate students,
and recent college graduates. Interns receive a stipend distributed based on total hours
worked.
D.C. RESPONSIBILITIES
• Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
• Categorizing and responding to constituent mail.
• Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman.
• Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
• Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents.
• Assembling press and news clips.

Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research.
DISTRICT RESPONSIBILITIES
• Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
• Assisting the Casework Team on a variety of casework requests involving federal
agencies.
• Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
• Assembling press and news clips.
• Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research and attending community events.
•

APPLICATIONS
Applicants can access the application
here: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd1NOVxgvmGvGyH_1u4e35RUkweW
U24Rmu7gA0Y3HOxKXTkjQ/viewform
Applicants can find more information on the internship portal at moulton.house.gov under
the ‘Services’ tab. All applications are due on July 10 at 11:59pm and will be reviewed after
the application period closes. If you have trouble accessing the application form above or
have other questions, please email Julia Clayton (Julia.clayton@mail.house.gov)

MEM-205-25
Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Summer 2025
internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship program
intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates, and students
currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman DeLauro's office
combine administrative and legislative work. Interns are involved in all aspects of the office
including constituent services, correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to
providing general staff support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude. Interning in Congresswoman
DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form (also located on
delauro.house.gov/services/internships), cover letter, resume, brief writing sample (1-2
pages), and two reference contacts in a single PDF file to Lydia.McCarty@mail.house.gov
with the subject line “Fall 2025 Internship” by 6pm on July 3rd. Applicants must submit all
required materials in a single PDF file to be considered.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such person’s

race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military, disability, or sexual
orientation.

MEM-204-25
The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks qualified
undergrad students and recent graduates for Legislative Interns for the Fall 2025 session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give students a
thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative
process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with administrative
tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials
for staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow
staff at hearings and markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects within the
Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fast-paced
environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in particular, the
role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative process. Superior writing
and communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Fulltime availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply. Interns
will receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to receive
credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
(two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your cover letter, please
indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and whether you are available
to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Fall 2025 Legislative Intern Application” in the
subject line. The deadline for applications is July 25, 2025.
Please, no phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-203-25
The Office of Congresswoman Luz Rivas (CA-29) seeks a qualified undergraduate or
graduate student in the D.C. office for a paid Fall internship beginning Monday August 4,
2025. The application is due July 1, 2025.
Washington DC

In Washington, responsibilities include but are not limited to answering and logging calls,
managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, assisting legislative and communications
staff, and other tasks as assigned. In addition, interns may be assigned to assist with
various DC-based projects of importance.
If you are interested in an internship with the Washington office, please send all the
information listed below in an email to the D.C. intern coordinator
at CA29Internship@mail.house.gov with "Fall 2025 Internship Application" as the subject
line.
• 1 Page Resume
• 1 Page Cover Letter
• 3 References (Include name, phone number, email)
• Ties to the District
• M-F availability, hours in Eastern Time.
• Preferred start and end date
Ideal candidates will work well under deadlines; are organized, hard-working, and detailoriented; have excellent customer service skills, and can work well with others in fastpaced environments. District ties are a plus. Diverse and bilingual candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, sex
(including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.

MEM-202-25
The Office of Congresswoman Grace Meng (NY-06) seeks candidates for its Fall 2025
internship program in the Washington D.C. office.
Ideal candidates will have strong writing and communication skills, a good sense of
professionalism, and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment. This internship is
intended for current undergraduate students, graduate students, and recent graduates.
Intern responsibilities are designed to give interns insight into the legislative process and
provide a well-rounded experience on Capitol Hill. Some duties include answering phones,
running errands, giving Capitol tours, researching legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on various issues
before the House.
Start/end dates and hours are flexible to accommodate academic schedules. The
internship generally runs from September to December/early-January, and working hours
are 9:00am to 5:00pm Monday through Friday.

Applications for the Fall semester will be considered on a rolling basis. Priority will be given
to applicants who apply before July 11th. Interested applicants should email a resume,
cover letter, writing sample, and their availability to ny06_intern_app@mail.house.gov.
Please include your name and the semester for which you are applying in the subject line.

MEM-196-25
Fall 2025 Intern, House Committee on Natural Resources – Democratic Staff
The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns for Fall 2025
(September 2 – December 12). Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and
dependable. Above all, we seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the
Natural Resources Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills,
and are eager to learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research,
prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid
communications.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and
concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations.
Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in
the United States, and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Assist with administrative duties
• Assist with legislative and policy projects
• Research legislation, regulations, and public law
• Assist with communications and outreach
• Respond to requests for information
• Attend briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work in-office when
Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a monthly stipend of
$3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military
status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable
accommodation to participate in the application or hiring process are encouraged to
request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
The application deadline is close of business on Friday, July 11. Interested candidates
should apply by visiting the House Natural Resources Committee Democrats’ website
at https://democrats-naturalresources.house.gov/internships.

Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates who are
being actively considered for this position.

MEM-194-25
Congressman French Hill (AR02) has internship positions available for the Fall 2025 term
in both his DC and Little Rock offices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of
the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping central Arkansans. Intern
responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, assisting staff with
administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, and assisting with correspondence.
Interns should have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral
communication skills. Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters, take and
listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as
a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates. The
office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply, please send a resume cover letter, and 2 references or letters of
recommendation to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov indicating which location you are
applying for. Applications should be submitted by July 6 but will be accepted on a rolling
basis until all positions are filled.
If you have any questions, you can contact the office for additional information at (202)
225-2506.

MEM-193-25
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking part- and full-time interns
for the fall (September - December). Our interns work closely with Committee staff to
prepare materials for Committee meetings, conduct research projects, learn about the
Rules of the House and the various procedures for legislation to reach the House Floor,
and complete a variety of other administrative tasks. Ideal candidates have strong writing
skills, a good work ethic, an interest in learning about House floor procedures, and are
detail-oriented. Interns will gain experience in legislative analysis, political
communications, and institutional processes.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. Massachusetts ties are a plus. All
offers are conditional on completion of a federal criminal background check. The office is

an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter explaining why you want to
join the Democratic Staff of the House Rules Committee to democratsrules.house.gov/about/internships. No calls or drop-ins, please. The deadline to apply is
July 14, 2025.
Note: Students on quarter systems or with unusual schedules are still encouraged to
apply—please apply by the appropriate deadline in advance of your desired internship
term and detail your particular situation in your cover letter.

MEM-192-25
Title: “Fall 2025 Legislative Internship – DC Office of Congresswoman Mary Gay
Scanlon”
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Applications for Fall 2025 internships will be accepted beginning June 23rd, 2025 and
are due July 23rd, 2025.
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
• Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
• Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public service.
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to
assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.

To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall
Legislative Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and
compile all application materials into one PDF document.

MEM-191-25
The Office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking a current law
student or recent law school graduate for a full-time Fall Legal Fellowship for our
Washington, D.C. office beginning mid-August 2025.
Our office values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial environment.
We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to grow. Interns will have
great opportunities to learn from office staff and network with others to make the most of
their time with our office!
Fellowship Expectations:
The Fellow will support the Congresswoman’s policy work primarily related to her
involvement on the House Judiciary Committee, including civil rights and liberties,
government ethics, criminal justice, prison oversight, law enforcement, immigration,
antitrust, and intellectual property. The Fellow will also support the Congresswoman’s
Legislative team with policy research and writing. Applicants are encouraged to apply for
school funding.
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service; possess
excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and communication skills;
work well in a fast-paced, team environment; be detail-oriented and self-starters; and have
a general understanding of the US political system. Candidates must possess a JD.
Legal Fellow Responsibilities:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Policy research and writing
Draft memoranda and briefs
Support the legislative team in stakeholder meetings
Prepare the Congresswoman and members of staff for meetings and hearings with
research and administrative tasks
Work on other administrative tasks and duties as assigned
Answer phones and assist in correspondence with constituents

Internship Dates and Details:
The Fall Fellowship is slated to start mid-August 2025 and go until mid-December 2025,
with some flexibility based on academic schedule. The Fellow is expected to work in
person in the office, Monday-Friday 9 a.m.- 5 p.m.

Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. ET on Sunday, July 6th, 2025.
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter detailing
weekly available hours IN ONE COMBINED
DOCUMENT to: CA37.internships@mail.house.gov

MEM-190-25
The Office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking Congressional
Interns for our Washington, D.C. and Los Angeles offices for the Fall 2025 term.
Our office values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial environment.
We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to grow. Interns will have
great opportunities to learn from office staff and network with others to make the most of
their time with our office!
Intern Expectations
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service; possess
excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and communication skills;
work well in a team environment; and have a general understanding of the US political
system.
Internship Responsibilities
D.C. Interns can expect to:
• Answer phones and assist in correspondence with constituents
• Greet constituents and office visitors
• Process tour requests and lead Capitol tours
• Handle mail
• Perform legislative research and draft memos
• Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant in drafting social media
content and other materials like press releases, website content, and newsletters
• Compile daily press clips
• Edit video clips
• Work on other administrative tasks as directed
L.A. District Office Interns can expect to:
• Answer phones and assist in correspondence with constituents
• Greet constituents and office visitors
• Handle mail
• Intake constituent casework
• Assist the Field and Casework teams with constituent outreach and
engaging district events

Conduct research and draft memos
Work on other administrative tasks as directed
•

•

Internship Dates and Details:
Fall internships are slated to start mid-August to mid-December 2025, with some flexibility
based on academic schedule. Interns are expected to work in person in the office,
Monday-Friday 9 a.m.- 5 p.m. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate remote or
hybrid internships.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. ET on Sunday, July 6th, 2025.
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter detailing
weekly available hours IN ONE COMBINED DOCUMENT to:
• CA37.internships@mail.house.gov for DC office internship.
• You MUST follow these instructions:
o Use the subject line and title your document “First name Last name -Summer 2025 internship”
• CA37.DOinternships@mail.house.gov for Los Angeles office internship
o Use the subject line and title your document “First name Last name –
Summer 2025 Internship”
Please reach out our Intern Coordinator, Maite McPherson, with any questions
at Maite.McPherson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-187-25
PRESS INTERNSHIP: The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is accepting
applications for Fall 2025 Press Interns in our Washington, D.C., Reading, and West
Chester offices. This internship will run from mid-late August through early December.
We offer stipends to applicants. Our internship program has returned to in-person work
with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have experience in a facedpaced, deadline-oriented work environment. Applicants must be independent problemsolvers, have strong writing skills, and be comfortable communicating to both internal and
external audiences. Technical experience with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign,
Illustrator), photo editing programs (Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software
(Premiere, Headliner) a major plus.
Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips, helping draft
copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital content. Press interns will have
the opportunity to staff the congresswoman to capture videos and photos of events. We

offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and why you’re
interested in interning in our office, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one example of digital work
(video, graphic or photo) to PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender,
LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-186-25
LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP: The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is
accepting applications for Fall 2025 legislative interns in our West Chester, Reading, and
Washington, D.C. offices. This internship will run from late mid-late August through early
December.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer stipends to applicants. Our
internship program has returned to in-person work with flexible telework options should
interns need to work from home.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a passion for
community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing to spend a lot of time
on the phone and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting memos for
our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or meetings. We offer
interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
Please submit applications through the “Legislative Internship” form our website,
Houlahan.house.gov by July 13, 2025.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are selected for
an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based
on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-184-25
Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks press and legislative interns for his Washington,
D.C., office for the Fall 2025 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students, graduate students,
and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of a Congressional office and the
legislative process. Interns should have a general understanding of the U.S. political
system, value open communication, be eager to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be an educational
experience. Internships are offered for either academic credit or a stipend. Internship
applicants must be high school graduates. Current students and recent graduates will be
given first priority for the internship program.
Legislative intern responsibilities include:
•
Attending committee hearings and congressional briefings,
•
Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
•
Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
•
Answering phones and processing mail,
•
Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
•
Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.
Press intern responsibilities include:
•
Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press Secretary in
drafting and editing social media content, digital graphics, and other digital materials,
•
Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
•
Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
•
Answering phones and processing mail,
•
Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
•
Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks, as directed.
Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic familiarity with graphic
design and video editing. Submission of a sample graphic or similar communications work
with your application is strongly encouraged.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover letter, resume,
three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf file, with the file name including
internship class, year, last name, and first name (i.e. Fall2025.Doe.Jane.pdf) to
CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by July 15. Please specify whether you are applying

for the press internship or the legislative internship. Applicants with strong ties to the 49th
District are given preference.

MEM-183-25
Oversight and Investigations Law Clerk
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations (Democratic Staff) is seeking a Law Clerk for Fall 2025 to assist in
conducting oversight and investigations of issues within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction. Law Clerks will work closely with Subcommittee counsel and professional
staff on a wide range of issues related to the environment, energy, health care, and
consumer protection sectors. This is a paid position.
Responsibilities include assisting in the preparation for Congressional hearings;
contributing to the management of investigations of governmental and private entities;
conducting research, document review, and analysis; drafting letters, memoranda, and
investigative reports; and coordinating with other Subcommittees of the full Committee.
The ideal candidate will be in at least their second year of law school or is a recent law
school graduate who is a detail-oriented and proactive problem-solver with strong
communication and legal research and writing skills. Women, people of color, veterans,
and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Law clerks will receive a stipend, and
applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their
educational institution.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C O&I Law Clerk.”
Applications are due on June 30, 2025.

MEM-178-25
Congressman French Hill (AR02) has internship positions available for the Fall 2025 term
in both his DC and Little Rock offices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of
the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping central Arkansans. Intern
responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, assisting staff with
administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, and assisting with correspondence.
Interns should have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral
communication skills. Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters, take and

listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as
a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates. The
office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov
indicating which location you are applying for. Applications should be submitted by June
30 but will be accepted on a rolling basis until all positions are filled.
If you have any questions, you can contact the office for additional information at (202)
225-2506.

MEM-175-25
Congresswoman Suzan DelBene, representing the 1st Congressional District of
Washington state, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District offices. Interns will
work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of
the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls,
assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with
constituent correspondence. Kirkland, WA interns will have the opportunity to attend
community events and tours with the Congresswoman and staff. Washington, D.C. interns
will have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
briefings for the legislative staff.
Qualifications: The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral
communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in
public service. Washington state ties are a plus but are not required.
Important Information: Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest in
public service. Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should
be able to commit to at least 17 hours per week during the internship. A stipend of
$1,000/month will be provided to full-time interns, and a stipend of $500/month will be
provided to part time interns.
Apply: To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample (1 to 2
pages) through this form.
The deadline for Fall 2025 Internship Applications is 11:59 PM on Sunday, July 6, 2025.

Due to a high volume of applications, you may only be contacted if you are selected for an
interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification,
family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or walk ins - please email internship.delbene@mail.house.gov with any
questions or concerns.

MEM-171-25
The office of U.S. Congressman Jeff Van Drew (Republican-NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for his Washington, D.C. office for full and part-time interns for the fall
internship session. This is a conservative office, so each intern will be required to express
the Congressman's conservative perspective to constituents and people who call into the
office.
The start date would be as early as August 6th (flexible depending on availability) with a
flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and have access to transit
benefits. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the office
and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times. Duties include (but
are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
opening and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various
other tasks to assist staff. Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for
their internship through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter to nj02internships@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re applying for a fall internship and format the
files as [Full Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter]."

