Internship Openings
Week of November 24, 2025
MEM-358-25
The Office of Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a paid Press and Digital Fellow
based in Washington, D.C., to join a fast-paced, collaborative team for Spring 2026. Fellow
must be a hard-working individual with demonstrated digital skills and the ability to
prioritize multiple tasks at once. Fellowship is full-time for Spring with a monthly stipend.
Job Functions:
• Create timely and engaging social media content
• Produce high-quality graphics and videos (including script writing and production)
• Draft press materials like releases and quotes as required
• Work with Chief of Staff and Communications Director to strategize and execute on
communications goals
• All other tasks as assigned
Qualifications:
• Prior experience in digital communications, including graphic design and video
editing
• Strong writing and grammar skills
• Excellent time management and interpersonal communication skills
• Senior year students or recent graduates with degrees in communications-focused
majors are preferred
Please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (2 pages maximum) and 2-3 graphic or
video samples in a single pdf to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line “Press
and Digital Fellow Spring 2026 – Last Name.” Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race,
sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Diverse applicants encouraged to apply. Maryland ties are a plus.

MEM-357-25
Winter 2026 Press Internship

The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Democrats are seeking a motivated
and creative full-time winter 2026 Press Intern. The press intern will work closely and
collaboratively with a fast-paced communications team. Qualified candidates should have
demonstrated graphic design experience, strong writing and social media skills, and a
desire to create engaging communications strategies. Knowledge of video editing software
is a plus.
Responsibilities may include:
• Designing graphics
• Editing and captioning videos
• Drafting social media and e-newsletter content
• Updating the website
• Compiling weekly reports on press and social media results
• Compiling daily press clips in collaboration with the communications team
• Taking photos of hearings and events
Ideally, the internship will run from January through March 2026. To apply, candidates
should submit a resume and a writing sample to TransportDems@mail.house.gov with
"Press Intern" and [First Name] [Last Name] in the subject line. The deadline to apply is
December 5, 2025.
This is a full-time, limited term position and offers a monthly stipend of $3,208. The office
is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-353-25
The House Democratic Caucus is currently seeking candidates for paid internships for the
2026 spring term. Internships are full-time and in-person in our Washington, DC office.
Current college students and recent graduates are welcome to apply.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
supporting Members and staff of the House Democratic Caucus. Interns contribute to the
daily operations of the office and are expected to act in a dependable and professional
manner at all times. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, work efficiently under
pressure and manage multiple projects at one time. The internships include some physical
tasks like lifting and pushing carts as part of event setup and logistical responsibilities.
Responsibilities will include:
•

Press Intern: Drafting press releases and other written materials, maintaining press
lists, and assisting with press events and other Caucus events and meetings.

•

•

Familiarity in livestreaming and livestreaming software, and fluency in Spanish, is a
plus.
Digital Intern: Drafting digital copy for the Caucus official social media channels,
collaborating on creative graphic and video content, and assisting with press
conferences and other Caucus events and meetings. Familiarity with livestreaming
and livestreaming software is a plus.
Operations Intern: Greeting guests, answering phones, monitoring and responding
to the Caucus email inbox, assisting with Caucus Meetings and events, supporting
office operations, attending briefings and drafting memos, and various day-to-day
office tasks.

The House Democratic Caucus is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other
factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who
require a reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes
are encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
Interested applicants should submit an application through this form
(https://airtable.com/appgOLFczrtUpbCFJ/pagKurOJcbZqm7PiI/form) and upload a
resume, cover letter and one-paged writing sample. Digital applicants may submit 1-2
digital samples. The internship will run from Monday, January 12 to Friday, May 8, 2026.
This internship offers compensation of $2,400 per month. The deadline to apply for our fall
cohort is Monday, December 1, 2025.

MEM-347-25
The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns with our DC
office for the Spring 2026 session. The internship would begin in January and last until midMay.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge over the day-to-day
happenings within Congress. Additionally, interns will receive a monthly stipend. The
internship is an ideal fit for any student that is interested in politics, law or government –
however, any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the legislative
staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping with
administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
• Be a current undergraduate or graduate student, or have recently graduated.
• Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
• Have strong communications and writing skills.
• Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.

North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should address
their application materials to Katonya Pettaway at Interns.NC03@gmail.com. Applications
should include a cover letter, resume, and what the individual’s internship schedule may
look like.

MEM-346-25
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2026 term.
Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process first-hand
and the many functions of a Congressional office. The Press and Digital Intern will
help build out the Congresswoman’s digital and social media presence, with heavy
emphasis on creating engaging social media content and graphics.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist
with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video
editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. Press Intern responsibilities will vary but may
include answering phones and data entry. Washington DC interns may be asked to assist
in researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending briefings,
hearings, and markups; and answering constituent letters on various issues.
To apply, To apply, please complete the application form found on Congresswoman
Matsui's website: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the
application, a cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to California’s
7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a rolling
basis. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification,
family status, or military status.

MEM-345-25
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Sacramento) offices
for the Spring 2026 term. Legislative interns will have a unique opportunity to learn
about the legislative process first-hand and the many functions of a Congressional
office.
Legislative intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data
entry. Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending briefings, hearings, and markups; and answering
constituent letters on various issues. Interns based in California may also be asked to
assist on a variety of constituent casework or in-district projects, as needed.

To apply, please complete the application form found on Congresswoman Matsui's
website: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application, a cover
letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to California’s 7th District are
preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a rolling basis. This office is
an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, religion,
disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family status,
or military status.

MEM-342-25
Spring 2026 Legislative Internship – DC Office of Congresswoman Mary Gay Scanlon
Applications for Spring 2026 internships will be accepted beginning November 17,
2025 and are due December 9, 2025.
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•

Drafting constituent correspondence

•

Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman

•

Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda

•

Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones

Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public service.
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to
assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring
Legislative Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and
compile all application materials into one PDF document.

MEM-340-25
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Spring 2026 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island office, to start at the beginning of January and go until mid-May.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the
Member office to constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;
Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
Assists Member and key staff (e.g. Staff Assistant, Press Assistant,
Constituent Services Team) with logistical and administrative duties;
Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member
office’s consideration and response;
Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at local
events;
Accompanies district staff to public forums, meetings, and events as a
representative to the Member.

Applicants should apply on our website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-339-25
Congressman John McGuire is seeking motivated and dedicated interns to join his DC
office for the Spring 2026 semester. Interns in the DC office will have the opportunity to
witness the legislative process, engage in the behind-the-scenes operations of Congress,
and serve as a vital member of the staff while serving the people of Central Virginia.
Responsibilities will typically include:
• Answering phone calls for our constituents;
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff;
• Attending hearings and briefings;
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House;
• Guiding Capitol tours;
• Writing letters, and assisting with office management;
• and other duties.
Qualifications: The ideal candidate will possess exceptional written and oral
communication skills, a desire to serve the member’s constituents, a degree of
professionalism and an interest in the congressman’s issue areas, including national

defense and oversight. Virginia ties are preferred but not required. Full-time applicants are
preferred.
To apply, please fill out the application form through the website or send a resume and
cover letter to the mail listed on the site.
Internships | Representative John McGuire

MEM-334-25
Congressman Vicente Gonzalez (TX-34) is seeking highly motivated interns to join our
Washington, D.C. and District Offices for the Spring 2026 semester.
This internship offers students and recent graduates a unique opportunity to learn about
the legislative process and gain firsthand experience serving the people of South Texas.
DC Office Responsibilities
• Greeting visitors and assisting with front office operations
• Answering phones and responding to constituent inquiries
• Drafting and processing constituent correspondence and flag requests
• Attending briefings and hearings on behalf of staff
• Conducting legislative and policy research
• Compiling press clips and supporting the communications team
• Assisting with special projects and other office duties as assigned District Office
Responsibilities
• Answering phones and assisting with constituent inquiries
• Greeting and assisting walk-in visitors to the office
• Conducting research to support district events and outreach efforts
• Attending webinars and community briefings for staff
• Providing general administrative and logistical support
Qualifications:
The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, a
high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public service. District or Rio
Grande Valley ties are strongly preferred but not required. Start and end dates are flexible,
and the program will run from January through May 2026.
Both full-time and part-time applicants will be considered. Stipends are available to
eligible interns and are provided at the discretion of the office and may vary depending on
program participation or academic credit arrangements. Apply: Submit a resume and
cover letter through our online application form:
https://gonzalez.house.gov/services/internships

The deadline for Spring 2026 Internship Applications is December 1.
Please email TX34DCOfficeMail@mail.house.gov with any questions and concerns.

MEM-332-25
The Office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) will is seeking a Legal
Fellow for our Washington, DC office for the Spring 2026 term. The Fellow will support the
Congresswoman’s policy work primarily related to her involvement on the House Judiciary
Committee, including civil rights and liberties, government ethics, criminal justice, prison
oversight, law enforcement, immigration, antitrust, and intellectual property. The Fellow
will also support the Congresswoman’s Legislative team with policy research and
writing. Applicants are encouraged to apply for school funding.
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service; possess
excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and communication skills;
work well in a fast-paced, team environment; be detail-oriented and self-starters; and have
a general understanding of the US political system.
Legal Fellow Responsibilities:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Policy research and writing
Draft memoranda and briefs
Support the legislative team in stakeholder meetings
Prepare the Congresswoman and members of staff for meetings and hearings with
research and administrative tasks
Work on other administrative tasks and duties as assigned
Answer phones and assist in correspondence with constituents

The Legal Fellowship slated to start January 2026 and go until late Spring 2026, with some
flexibility based on academic schedules. The candidate is expected to work in-person in
the office, Monday-Friday, 9am-5pm (Washington, DC interns and fellows will work
until 6pm on days where the House is in session). Unfortunately, we cannot
accommodate remote or hybrid internships.
Our office values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial environment.
We are a fellow with a can-do attitude who are eager to grow. Fellows will have great
opportunities to learn from office staff and network with others to make the most of their
time with our office!
Applicants should:

•

•
•

Compile their resume, a brief cover letter, and weekly hours of availability into ONE
COMBINED DOCUMENT titled "First name Last name -- Spring 2026 Legal
Fellowship”
Submit this document to CA37.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject
line "First name Last name -- Spring 2026 Legal Fellowship”
Deadline: December 1, 2025 at 5 pm. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis.

Please reach out our Intern Coordinator, Maite McPherson, with any questions
at Maite.McPherson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-331-25
The personal office of Congressman Brian Mast (FL-21) is accepting applications for
unpaid internships in Washington, D.C. for the Spring 2026 term. This internship will run
from January through May, with flexible start and end dates.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting staff with
administrative duties, communications projects, legislative research, and drafting
correspondence letters.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a general
understanding of the legislative process, possess strong written and oral communication
skills, and display strong interpersonal skills. Florida or district ties are not required. The
internship schedule is flexible for college students if needed.
Interested applicants should email their resumes, cover letters, availability, and ideal
timeframe to shelly.ballaish@mail.house.gov and david.casimes@mail.house.gov.
Please use the subject line “LASTNAME – Spring 2026 Internship.”
Please note that while Congressman Mast serves as Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, this internship is within his personal (Florida-based) office, so an interest in
the Congressman’s domestic legislative priorities and constituent services is essential.

