Member and Committee Openings
Week of November 18, 2024
MEM-478-24
Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks a Field Representative to join his district o<ice in
Pawtucket, RI. Candidates must have exceptional communications skills, be detail
oriented, proactive, a strong understanding of Rhode Island, and able to work in a fastpaced, collaborative environment. Candidates are expected to serve as a liaison with
federal, state, and/or local agencies and constituent groups, communicate and meet with
constituents with and on behalf of the Congressman, sta< the Congressman and represent
the o<ice at district events, manage grant and federal funding support requests from
constituents and local stakeholders, and answer casework correspondence, and other
duties as assigned. Some key functions of the position include:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Meeting with local groups and constituents.
Proactively seeking opportunities to develop community outreach relationships.
Working closely with the District Director and Washington D.C. o<ice to implement
planned outreach events and to suggest new innovative ideas.
Representing or speaking on behalf of the Congressman at events and local
meetings.
Staying abreast of local news and issues a<ecting Rhode Islanders.
Monitoring and updating the Congressman and sta< on district and local issues.
Responding to casework and federal funding inquiries from constituents.
Performing other duties as assigned.

Successful applicants must be detail oriented, have a positive attitude, and the genuine
desire to serve constituents in Rhode Island’s First Congressional District. Congressional
or other relevant grant writing and managing experience is strongly preferred. Rhode Island
ties are a plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The o<ice does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status,
sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. To apply, send in a
single PDF with a resume, a cover letter, and three references (including name, current title
and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)

to RI01JobsAmo@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name – Field
Representative.”

MEM-475-24
Overview: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks Constituent Services
Representative for his o<ice in Santa Rosa, California. The Constituent Services
Representative responsibilities include answering casework correspondence and verbal
communications with constituents; acting as liaison with federal, district, and local
agencies for the Member and constituents; o<ice administrative responsibilities and other
duties important to serving the people of the congressional district.
Job Duties:
• Serves as a liaison with federal government entities for individual constituent concerns
• Assesses casework trends and identiﬁes issues requiring legislative action and/or
additional Congressional oversight
• Prepares incoming and outgoing constituent casework to manage casework in assigned
areas of expertise
• Maintains accurate and complete ﬁles on all assigned casework to keep track of all
casework progress
• Screens and monitors cases to determine if referring the case to other government
entities is appropriate
• Answers casework correspondence, meets with constituents, and serves as a liaison with
federal, state, and local authorities to act as the representative for the Member within their
areas of responsibility
• Writes responses to constituent letters relating to casework to answer questions or
inform them of case progress
• Support O<ice in executing public meetings and annual Congressional activities such as
the Congressional Art Competition, Congressional App Competition, and other similar
events.
• Orders all o<ice supplies to maintain o<ice functionality and similar administrative duties
• Acts as the Intern Coordinator supporting the onboarding, training, and supervision of
interns
• Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and ensure
work is completed in an e<icient and e<ective manner
Featured Skills: Candidates must be a self-starter, hard-working, highly dependable, and
organized as well as possess strong oral and written communication skills and the ability to
work quickly under pressure. Good judgment, strong customer service and interpersonal
skills, attention to detail, ability to work in a team environment, a passion for public
service, and availability to work some evenings and weekends are required. Driver’s license
and access to vehicle is required. Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of
education and experience preferred. Prior experience working for federal, state, or local
government, especially related to casework is preferred. Familiarity with Member's district,

especially the Sonoma Valley, is preferred. Ability to communicate in multiple languages,
especially Spanish, is highly desirable.

MEM-474-24
Title: Digital Director, House Committee on Veterans’ A<airs, Republican Sta<
Reports to: Communications Director, House Committee on Veterans’ A<airs
The Republican (Majority) sta< of the House Committee on Veterans’ A<airs is seeking a
full-time Digital Director.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Drafting press releases, ﬂoor speeches, quotes, talking points, social media posts,
one-pagers, and scripts for speaking engagements and video productions.
• Creating, developing, and managing social media posts and a broader social media
strategy.
• Managing sending out press releases, o<icial statements, media advisories, and
other external communications.
• Managing the Committee website.
• Managing the internal and external Committee press list, to include growing the
external press list.
• Managing hearing livestreams.
• Clipping and posting Committee Members’ hearing and ﬂoor remarks in real-time.
• Photographing hearings, events, and meetings, to include occasional videography.
• Creating graphics for social media and visual aids.
• Compiling, monitoring, and distributing daily press clips.
• Perform other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will possess strong written, verbal, and digital communication skills,
an interest in veterans’ issues, the ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative, forwardthinking environment, professionalism, and a good sense of humor. This is not an entry
level position; prior Capitol Hill communications experience or private-sector equivalent is
required.
Beneﬁts:
• Employees may be eligible for the following beneﬁts:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)

•

Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the
interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, references, and three writing
samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Digital Director” in the subject line. No
calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-473-24
Title: Sta@ Assistant, House Committee on Veterans’ A<airs, Republican Sta<
Reports to: Chief Clerk, House Committee on Veterans’ A<airs
Sta< assistants often serve as the ﬁrst point of contact for constituents, guests, and VIPs,
setting the tone for the o<ice. The Sta< Assistant provides general administrative support
to sta<, sta<s front o<ice and phones, preparation for hearings/committee business,
processes mail, and assists with other duties as assigned. Previous Hill experience is
recommended but not required.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Foster a welcoming atmosphere and create a positive ﬁrst impression for the
o<ice's constituents, visitors, and VIPs.
Provide front o<ice administrative coverage to include answering phones, and
processing mail.
Maintain ﬁles for mail, bills, reports, and public laws, and other legislative papers.
Prepare binders for full committee events (hearings, markups, ﬂoor, etc.).
Prepares hearing room for hearings, markups, and other committee business.
Review the Congressional Record daily for information that impacts the Committee.
Maintain contact lists for committee sta< and committee member personal o<ice
sta<.
Oversee the internship program, which includes supervising and training interns.
Manages hearing room reservations
Maintain Republican email distribution and contact lists.
Monitor o<ice supplies to ensure that sta< have needed supplies.
Serve as the secondary O<ice Safety Coordinator.
Perform other duties as assigned.

Beneﬁts:
• Employees may be eligible for the following beneﬁts:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the
interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and references to
VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Sta< Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walkins, please.

MEM-470-24
House Judiciary Committee – Sta@ Assistant
The Democratic sta< of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a Sta< Assistant.
Candidates should have excellent organizational skills and strong research, writing, and
communication skills.
Responsibilities include overseeing logistics for hearings and markups; providing
administrative and research support to committee and subcommittee counsels; and
coordinating calendars for the committee, the subcommittees, and the senior sta<.
Additional responsibilities may include serving as an assistant clerk during markups and
managing the committee’s internship program. The ideal candidate will be willing to learn
from our counsels and grow into more substantive role over time.
The Committee strives to ensure that our sta< reﬂects the diversity of the country’s
population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The
Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital

or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national
origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and include “Sta<
Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-469-24
Counsel for the House Judiciary Committee – National Security
The Democratic Sta< of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a dedicated, hard-working
lawyer with a minimum of ﬁve years of relevant legal experience to serve as a committee
counsel, working with counsels across multiple subcommittees and reporting to the Chief
Oversight Counsel.
Responsibilities include serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the Committee
on matters of law and policy within the Committee’s jurisdiction, with a focus on national
security, surveillance, and civil liberties; drafting legislation; preparing hearings; drafting
statements, memos, and brieﬁng materials; attending classiﬁed brieﬁngs; and providing
guidance to Democratic House o<ices on matters of national security and constitutional
law.
A successful candidate must demonstrate exceptional writing and legal research skills, a
strong work ethic, a professional temperament, and an ability to work on novel and
complex matters. This candidate must also be able to work collaboratively with a broad
range of personalities. In addition, sound political judgment, prior legislative or policy
experience, a substantive background in national security law, an active security
clearance, and a demonstrated commitment to public service are strongly preferred. A
sense of humor is a plus.
The Committee strives to ensure that our sta< represents the diversity of the country’s
population. The Committee also encourages women and members of historically
disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Job.JDEM@mail.house.gov. Please include “National Security Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-468-24
Counsel for the House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution – Reproductive Rights
The Democratic Sta< of the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on the

Constitution seeks a dedicated, hard-working lawyer with a minimum of ﬁve years of
relevant legal experience to serve as subcommittee counsel, reporting to the chief counsel
for the subcommittee.
Responsibilities include serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the Committee
on matters of law and policy within the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction, with a focus on
reproductive rights and the privacy of patients and health care providers; drafting
legislation; preparing hearings; drafting statements, memos, and brieﬁng materials; and
providing guidance to Democratic House o<ices on matters of constitutional and civil
rights law.
A successful candidate must demonstrate exceptional writing and legal research skills, a
strong work ethic, a professional temperament, and an ability to work on novel and
complex matters. This candidate must be able to work collaboratively with a broad range of
personalities. In addition, sound political judgment, prior legislative or policy experience, a
substantive background in civil rights or constitutional law, and a demonstrated
commitment to public service are strongly preferred. A sense of humor is a plus.
The Committee strives to ensure that our sta< represents the diversity of the country’s
population. The Committee also encourages women and members of historically
disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to Job.JDEM@mail.house.gov. Please include “Constitution Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-467-24
Press Secretary/Communications Director
Congressman Tom Suozzi seeks a Press Secretary or Communications Director to serve in
his Washington, D.C. o<ice. Successful candidates will have very strong writing skills, a
close eye to detail, ﬂuency with social media platforms and digital tools, and experience
working with national and local press. Responsibilities include writing press releases,
statements and media advisories; creating and managing social media content, including
graphics and videos; drafting talking points and op-eds; and creating franked
communications, including e-newsletters, mailers and telephone townhalls.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin. Qualiﬁed individuals should submit a resume, cover letter and relevant portfolio to
NY03.jobs@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-462-24
The Washington, D.C. O<ice of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), member of the
House Judiciary Committee, is seeking a law clerk to work with her legislative team. Under
the supervision of the o<ice’s Legislative Counsel, the law clerk will conduct legal and
policy research, attend and sta< Judiciary Committee hearings, make vote
recommendations, and draft legal and policy memos and other documents. Highachieving law students interested in public law, policy, politics, or government service are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Law clerks will engage in serious, substantive work across a number of issue areas,
including antitrust enforcement, administrative law reform, civil rights and civil liberties,
court reform and oversight, criminal justice, voting rights, and intellectual property. The
clerkship is unpaid but available for academic credit.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please email a (1) resume, (2) cover letter, (3) writing sample, and (4) list of three
references with email contacts to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov. Please send all
application documents in a single PDF ﬁle and include “Law Clerk – FirstName Last Name”
in the subject line.

MEM-458-24
Position: District Representative
Location: North Las Vegas, Nevada
Salary: Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience
Time commitment: Full-time, requires some evenings and weekends
Application Deadline: Until position is ﬁlled
Congressman Steven Horsford’s District O<ice is seeking to hire a full-time District
Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to join our
high-energy team.
Job Summary:
Under the supervision of the District Director, the District Representative acts as the
representative for the Member. District Representative responsibilities include
strengthening relationships with key stakeholders, as well as attending engagements on
behalf of the Member. Caseworker responsibilities include helping constituents resolve
problems with federal agencies through written and verbal communication.

Responsibilities:
Outreach Responsibilities:
• Ensure outreach e<orts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals.
• Coordinate closely with sta< to ensure district priorities are reﬂective in legislative
priorities.
• Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders.
• Organize and participate in community events, town halls, and outreach campaigns to
engage constituents.
Casework Responsibilities:
• Act as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility,
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local
agencies.
• Handle casework assignments and assess casework for problems requiring legislative
action, making recommendations to the District Director and Chief of Sta<.
• Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents.
Communications and Professionalism:
• Maintain a good working relationship with the Member, sta<, and constituents.
• Accept performance-based criticism and directions.
• Work well under pressure and handle stress.
• Work a ﬂexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
• Perform other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
• Political knowledge and comfortable navigating complicated situations
• Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer service
manners; public speaking skills
• Ability to multi-task, manage time e<ectively, and adapt to changing priorities
• Candidates must be able to work a ﬂexible schedule, including occasional nights,
weekends and some holidays.
Beneﬁts:
• Comprehensive health insurance coverage, including medical, dental, and vision plans.
• Paid annual and sick leave.
• Thrift Savings Plan Retirement program.
• Student Loan Repayment.
• Health and Wellness programs.
• Transit Beneﬁts.
• House Professional Development programs.
• Employee purchasing/government discounts
Position Qualiﬁcations/Education:

Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest in public
service and familiarity with District 4 community is preferred.
Application Instructions:
This is a full-time position based in the North Las Vegas district o<ice. Salary is competitive
and commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and
veteran are encouraged to apply.
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples (no longer
than two pages) and three professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with
"District Representative,” [Last Name, First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions
must be in a single PDF ﬁle.

MEM-452-24
Congressman Brendan Boyle (PA-2) is seeking a full-time sta< member to serve as a
Special Assistant in his Washington, DC o<ice.
Responsibilities include (but are not limited to):
• Sta<ing/driving the member when in Washington, DC.
• Ensuring that the member has all necessary documents and materials prior to
events, including coordinating with the Operations Director and Scheduler regarding
member scheduling and logistics.
• Working with other Washington, DC based sta< to prepare documents and other
materials for the member prior to events and meetings.
• Managing the o<ice’s phone and voicemail system.
• Helping to manage the o<ice’s interns.
• Coordinating tours and ﬂag requests.
• Assisting the scheduler and legislative sta< with record keeping and other
administrative tasks.
• Other duties as needed.
Required skills include the following:
• Strong organizational and communication abilities.
• Proﬁciency in Microsoft O<ice (Word, Outlook, Excel, Teams).
• The ability to multi-task and prioritize e<ectively.
• Being a self-starter, detail oriented and punctual at all times.
• Having a strong general knowledge of the physical layout of Washington, DC.
Skills that are not required but are will be looked favorably upon include the following:

•
•

•
•
•

Proﬁciency in Spanish or any other foreign language.
Previous experience working on a political campaign or in the o<ice of an elected
o<icial. Candidates with prior Washington, DC based congressional (i.e. Capitol
Hill) experience will be given priority.
Having a connection to Philadelphia or Southeastern Pennsylvania.
Having good general knowledge of the physical layout of Capitol Hill, including
House and Senate o<ice buildings, as well as the U.S. Capitol Building.
Proﬁciency with Intranet Quorum or other CRM software.

Prospective applicants should have a valid driver’s license, as well as full-time access to a
working automobile. Prospective applicants should be able to work in dynamic and rapidly
paced work environment, have a deﬁned interest in public service, and should be prepared
for the need to work evenings and some weekends as needed (schedule ﬂexibility is a
must, particularly during weeks Congress is in session).
Compensation will be commensurate with experience. This position includes paid leave,
retirement beneﬁts, full medical, dental, vision insurance, student loan repayment support
for qualiﬁed individuals, among other beneﬁts.
Prospective applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
PA02.Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please no calls or drop ins. This o<ice is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national
origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.

MEM-451-24
Background:
The o<ice of a conservative mid-western Member of Congress seeks to hire a Deputy Chief
of Sta@ based in the D.C. o<ice.
Job Expectations:
The Deputy Chief of Sta< will work closely with the Member, the Chief of Sta<, and District
Director to determine and execute the overall strategies of the o<ice. This includes, but is
not limited to, formulating policy positions, overseeing the o<ice’s legislative and media
relations strategies, and collaborating with District sta< on important outreach and
communication e<orts. In addition, the Deputy Chief of Sta< will provide leadership and
guidance to structure the o<ice to provide outstanding constituent relations.
Salary Level/Range:
Dependent upon skills and experience.
Preferences:
• Bachelor's degree

• Demonstrated interest in public service
• Previous Hill experience, particularly on policy and legislation
Applicant Instructions:
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume and cover letter
to ConservativeMidwestGOP@gmail.com.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-442-24
Congressman Jason Crow (CO-06) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working Legislative
Assistant, based in our Washington, D.C. o<ice. This position reports to the Legislative
Director. The LA will handle a domestic-facing portfolio, including animals, arts, postal,
small business, housing, and telecom.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Key duties include:
Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio of issue
areas
Working with external stakeholders, CRS, Legislative Counsel, and committee sta< to draft
legislation based on the Member’s priorities
Preparing and sta<ing the Member for meetings, and assisting in the drafting of remarks, as
needed
Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Legislative Director, and
legislative, communications, and district teams on legislative updates
Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communications skills and be detailoriented, organized, and creative. Other key qualities include:
Commitment to a collaborative work environment
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage competing priorities
Ability to communicate up and down within the team
Ability to learn the Congressman’s voice and legislative priorities
Interest in identifying and pursuing new opportunities and the ability to anticipate and
adapt to challenges
This o<ice is committed to building a diverse and inclusive team: candidates of color,
women, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are encouraged to apply. This o<ice is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status. Colorado ties are a plus and prior Hill experience is preferred.
Compensation is competitive and commensurate with level of experience.

Qualiﬁed applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (no more
than 3 pages) as one combined PDF to co06.resumes@mail.house.gov. Include
“Legislative Assistant – [Full Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on
a rolling basis as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-410-24
CONGRESSIONAL STAFF: Full Time Constituent Services Representative
SUMMARY: The Constituent Services Representative position acts as a liaison to federal,
district, and local agencies for the Member/constituents and answers casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents. Candidates must be a selfstarter, excited to problem solve, hardworking, dependable, and organized as well as
possess strong oral and written communication skills. This position requires the ability to
work well under pressure, good judgment, strong customer service skills, and a
commitment to public service. Availability to work some evenings and weekends is
required. Ability to communicate in multiple languages is also highly desirable. A vehicle to
travel to evening and weekend events is also recommended.
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a cover letter and resume
to ny08team@gmail.com with the Subject Line: Constituent Services Representative
Position.
Women, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
• Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies;
• Handles casework assignments and special projects at the direction of the Director of
Constituent Services;
• Continually screens active cases/ constituent service requests and acts as a liaison
with constituents to ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
• Maintains up-to-date ﬁles on all cases and categories of information of importance to
the o<ice;
• Attends and monitors scheduled district meetings on behalf of the Member with
constituents and groups during regular o<ice hours, some evenings and weekends;
• Logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors & telephone calls;
• Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework and constituent concerns in Congressional Management System Database;
• Performs cross functional tasks with other departments, as needed.
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the o<ice; Maintains a good
working relationship with the Member, sta<, and constituents;

• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong customer service, oral and written communication skills;
• Familiarity with local, state and federal agencies; Strong knowledge of issues and
events in the district in which the Member is involved;
• Professional telephone manner and excellent customer and client service skills;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities;
• Knowledge of o<ice policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge and proﬁciency in Microsoft o<ice suite and other o<ice computer
applications.

MEM-382-24
The Military and Veterans A@airs Liaison is responsible for maintaining relationships with
veterans, military members, military installations and organizations, veterans organizations
and o<ices, and other like entities within the district. Additionally, the liaison will be
responsible for all military and veterans related casework and lead the o<ice’s service
academy nomination process.
•

•
•
•

•
•
•

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility including
answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal communications
with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned issue
areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents, organizations,
etc;
Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal o<icials and other persons or groups to form
e<ective relationships for the Member;
Acts as a liaison to and notiﬁes the appropriate media when the Member will be in the
liaison’s area and works with the Member’s Scheduler and Press Secretary to ensure
appropriate media participation;
Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes recommendations
to the District Director and Director of Constituent Services;
Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district o<ices;

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Assists with the handling of o<ice matters such as logging incoming and outgoing
correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district activities in
his or her assigned issue areas;
Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure that their
cases are handled in a responsive manner;
Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, sta<, and constituents;
Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience preferred;
Previous o<ice experience is preferred;
Previous experience working for a Member of Congress, elected o<icial, or government
agency preferred;

•
•
•

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
Meets attendance requirements as established by the o<ice;
Accepts performance based criticism and directions;
Strong oral and written communication skills;
Works well under pressure and handles stress;
Works a ﬂexible schedule including some nights and weekends;
Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and procedures;
Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
Professional telephone manner;
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities;
Knowledge of o<ice policies, practices, and procedures;
Knowledge of o<ice computer applications; and
Proﬁciency in word processing.

•
•
•

WORKING CONDITIONS:
Work is mainly performed in an o<ice environment;
Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
This job is primarily performed in-person

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•

This position will be in the District O<ices of Congressman Max Miller (Medina and Parma,
Ohio)
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume to
Raymond.Paoletta@mail.house.gov.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-135-24
PRESS SECRETARY- The O<ice of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03) seeks an
experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. o<ice. Candidates must be able to
manage media relations, press opportunities, and messaging for a senior member of
Congress. This role reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active relationships with
top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience will receive preferred
consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations, messaging,
and risk management.
•Advance press events and sta< the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current relationships
with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the o<ice’s larger communications
strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The O<ice of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and
gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic
information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status,

military service, or other non-merit factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as
candidates from underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.

