Internship Openings
Week of January 20, 2025
MEM-017-25
The O&ice of Congressman Brian Mast (R-FL-21) is currently accepting applications for
unpaid internships at the Washington, DC member o&ice during the spring 2025 term. This
internship will run from early February through May.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting sta& with
administrative duties, projects, legislative research, and drafting constituent
correspondence.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a general
understanding of the legislative process, and possess strong written and oral
communication skills. Florida ties are not necessary but preferred. The internship schedule
is ﬂexible for college students if needed.
Interested applicants should email their resumes and a brief writing sample to
joseph.harrington@mail.house.gov. Please use the subject line “LASTNAME - Spring 2025
internship.”

MEM-001-25
The Democratic Sta& of the U.S. House Select Committee on Strategic Competition
between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party seeks qualiﬁed
undergraduate students and graduates for paid internships beginning as early as January
20th.
This position is hybrid (in-o&ice and remote).
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting Committee sta& in preparing for
congressional hearings, conducting legislative research, providing support to
investigations, drafting memoranda, and performing other policy and administrative tasks
as necessary.

Interns play a key role in the o&ice and will work closely with Committee counsel and sta&.
Our ideal candidates are organized, committed, and eager to join a fast-paced environment
and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in particular, the role that
congressional committees play in the federal legislative process.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, research and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure in a
team environment.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. A
background and/or interest in subject areas related to the People’s Republic of China is
strongly preferred. Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one
writing sample (two pages max.) to SCCDems.resumes@mail.house.gov.
Please put “Spring 2025 Intern Application” in the subject line. In your cover letter, please
indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes.

