Internship Openings
Week of September 1, 2025
MEM-284-25
LEGISLATIVE / FINANCIAL SERVICES FELLOW
Senior Republican Member of House Financial Services Committee Seeks Legislative
Fellow
A senior Republican member serving on the House Financial Services Committee is
seeking a fellow to assist the Legislative Team in covering the committee and research
portfolio. This is a paid opportunity. The person in this role will work on substantive
financial services issues like banking, crypto, housing, capital markets, fintech, insurance,
and monetary policy in the Member’s personal office. The fellow will also be asked to
assist the Legislative Director in research projects. The fellow will also be attending
hearings, monitoring legislation and regulations, assisting with official and constituent
correspondence, providing meeting materials, and more. The fellow should leave this role
with an in-depth understanding of how Capitol Hill operates, as well as the major policy
issues in financial services.
Ideal candidates must be excellent writers, able to work in a fast-paced environment, and
have good judgment. A background in finance, financial policy, and or Capitol Hill
experience is not required but strongly preferred, whether it is in the private sector,
government, or school.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Writing briefing materials for meetings with the Member
• Preparing materials for hearings, markups, and the House floor
• Conducting policy research
• Taking notes at meetings, hearings, briefings, and other events you attend
• Tracking legislation and official correspondence
• Observing House proceedings
• Drafting constituent correspondence
This is a paid opportunity. Interested candidates should send their resume to
Jackson.notes@mail.house.gov and joseph.arbie@mail.house.gov

MEM-278-25
Job Description:
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable Video Production Intern this fall. Interns will be responsible for
helping with clipping streams of sessions, editing and captioning videos, helping with
shoots, scripting content and other and administrative tasks as assigned. Successful
candidates will possess extreme familiarity with Adobe Premiere Pro. Additional
experiences with Adobe After Effects and Photoshop are a plus.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment is a must. Candidates will be
expected to work in-person in Washington, DC, with opportunities for remote work during
Congressional recesses. Full-time and part-time candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume, portfolio,
and your availability this fall to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-272-25
The Office of Congressman Robert Garcia (CA-42) is hiring for a Paid Part-Time Press
Intern position (Fall 2025) to work in the Washington, D.C. office. The Press Intern works
closely with the communications team.
Primary educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily news clips.
• Assisting with graphic design and video editing.
• Drafting press releases and other written materials.
• Copy editing written materials.
• Maintaining press lists.
• Clipping committee remarks and cable hits.
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have previous
intern experience in communication with attention to deadlines.
All qualified applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are encouraged to
apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Interested
applicants should send a one page resume, one sample press release, one sample
graphic, and three relevant sample tweets to emily.kassner-marks@mail.house.gov
and ethan.cesar@mail.house.gov with “INTERN APP: Full Name, Fall 2025” in the subject
line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

