Internship Openings
Week of July 27, 2026
Fall Legislative Internship - MEM-241-26
The DC office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently
accepting applicants for a paid Fall Legislative Internship with a start date
of Monday, August 24, 2026, until December 2026, with the potential to
extend.
Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff by preparing briefing notes and
memos, researching legislation, tracking legislative activity, providing mail
program support, answering phones, inputting casework inquiries, attending
hearings, and advancing the Congresswoman’s legislative agenda.
Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can
excel in a fast-paced environment. Applicants should possess strong written
and verbal communication skills, an eye for and ability to create engaging
digital content, and a good sense of humor. Ties to Washington State are
preferred but not required. Applicants are encouraged to include any
previous customer service experience (retail, food service, hospitality, etc.)
on their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a onepage writing sample in a single PDF document
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Fall Legislative Internship-[LAST
NAME]” in the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which
internship you are applying for and your dates of availability.
The deadline for applications is Thursday, August 6, 2026, at 5 PM ET, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their applications early.
Applications that are incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not
be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender
identity, national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic
information, age, military service, or other non-merit factors. Individuals

from underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no
unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.

Digital/Press Intern - MEM-240-26
The Office of Congressman Salud Carbajal (CA-24) is seeking a highly
motivated and creative Digital/Press Intern to assist with a fast-paced
communications operation based in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall
2026 term (August - December). The Digital/Press Intern will help build out
the Congressman’s digital and social media footprint, with heavy emphasis
on creating engaging social media content and graphics. Qualified
candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to
assist with time-sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with
graphic design/video editing software. Candidates with experience in a press
or digital media role (including internships) are preferred but not required.
California or Central Coast ties and Spanish literacy are a plus. The intern
will work closely with the Communications Director, Digital/Creative
Assistant, Legislative Aide/Correspondent, and Scheduler.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Compiling daily press clips
Creating engaging graphics and editing photos
Assisting the Digital/Creative Assistant with social media content,
website content and digital newsletters
Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
Assisting with press releases, op-eds, advisories, and other written
materials
Creating and maintaining press lists
Compiling regular comms reports on press and social media results
Additional responsibilities include assisting the Legislative
Aide/Correspondent and Scheduler with administrative tasks (e.g.
answering phone calls, greeting visitors, etc.) and legislative tasks
(e.g. batching incoming messages on Fireside, drafting constituent
letters, writing cosponsor recommendations, etc.)

PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:
A qualified candidate will possess strong social media and graphic design
skills. Past experiences with Canva, Photoshop, and other
digital/graphic/video design platforms are a major plus.
TO APPLY:
The internship will run from August to December. The hours are roughly

32 hours a week and are flexible to accommodate schedules, but
generally run 9 AM to 6 PM ET when Congress is in session and 9 AM to 5
PM ET when Congress is out of session. This position is in-person.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing
sample, two digital samples, and dates/hours of availability
to Tommy.Vo@mail.house.gov with the subject line “First Name Last
Name – Digital Intern.” This is a full-time, limited term position and
offers a $1,500 monthly stipend from the office of Congressman Carbajal
unless the intern is already receiving credit/stipend through a third
party. No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply. Deadline to apply is Friday, July 31, 2026.
However, candidates are encouraged to submit their materials early to
ensure timely consideration.

Legislative Fellowship- MEM-237-26
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) is now accepting
applications for a legislative fellowship during the fall 2026 term. This fellowship is a great
opportunity for individuals in graduate programs seeking in-depth legislative experience.
This is a full-time, in-person position.
Fellows assist the legislative team with drafting legislation, assisting with stakeholder
meetings, and helping with committee assignments.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Drafting bills, resolutions, and letters to departments and agencies.
• Performing research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources)
• Attending stakeholder meetings on behalf of the office
• Drafting talking points, proclamations, and various briefings
• Staffing the Congressman at various events
• Tracking and responding to constituent requests and letters
• Helping find legislative opportunities for sponsorship and co-sponsorship
• Performing tasks and duties as needed to help with day-to-day activities of the
office
• Other duties will be based on the fellow's interests.
We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, research skills, and strong
writing skills. Start and end dates are flexible. MI-13 ties and research experience are
pluses.

This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age. We strongly
encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and members of other underrepresented
communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample in one
combined document to HR.Thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last
Name - Fall DC Fellow Application.” The application deadline is July 31, 2026.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. No calls or drop-ins, please.

Fall 2026 Internship-MEM-235-26
Congresswoman Analilia Mejia (NJ-11) is seeking applicants for the Fall 2026 internship
program in her Washington, D.C. Office. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Responsibilities:
The Office of Congresswoman Mejia runs an internship program intended for current
undergraduate students, recent college graduates, and students currently enrolled in
graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman DeLauro's office combine administrative
and legislative work. Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent
services, correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
The Washington DC internship program also offers an opportunity for a communications
internship. This position will assist the communications team with social media, press
conferences, and more. To apply for this position, please check the press internship
interest box in the program application.
Press Intern tasks include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•

Drafting for social media
Compiling daily press clips
Clipping and editing videos
Office administrative tasks
Other tasks as assigned by the Communications team

Qualifications:
Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, possess excellent
writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
How to Apply:
Please go to mejia.house.gov/internships to submit the requested information,
including your cover letter and resume.

No walk-ins or phone calls.

Internship -MEM-232-26
The office of Congressman Jack Bergman (MI-01) is accepting applications for Fall 2026
paid internships in our Washington, D.C. Office.
Ideal candidates are motivated, detail-oriented, and possess a strong work ethic, with the
ability to communicate effectively with constituents and staff. This internship offers a
valuable opportunity to gain hands-on experience in public service and constituent
relations while learning about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office.
Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Answering phones and responding to constituent inquiries
Greeting visitors and assisting with front office operations
Leading guided tours of the U.S. Capitol
Attending briefings and hearings for staff
Conducting legislative research and writing memos on policy and local issues for
the Member and staff
Assisting with additional administrative and legislative tasks as needed

Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Strong written and verbal communication skills
Willingness to learn and take initiative
Professional demeanor and excellent attention to detail
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively as part of a team
Demonstrated interest in public service, government, or public policy
Michigan ties are preferred but not required

How to Apply: Interested applicants should submit a resume and brief paragraph
outlining their interest and availability to Joaquin.Macias@mail.house.gov. Our office
will be accepting applications on a rolling basis until August 3rd at 11:59pm EST.

Communications Internship - MEM-231-26
The DC office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently accepting
applicants for a paid Fall Communications Internship with a start date
of Monday, August 24, 2026, until December 2026, with the potential to extend.
Communications Interns assist the communications staff by compiling media clips,
drafting social media posts, press releases, and blog posts, and creating digital content.

This is in addition to answering phones, inputting casework inquiries, and aiding in office
needs. Experience working in communications is a plus.
Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can excel in a fastpaced environment. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication
skills, an eye for and ability to create engaging digital content, and a good sense of humor.
Ties to Washington State are preferred, but not required. Applicants are encouraged to
include any previous customer service experience (retail, food service, hospitality,
etc.) on their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample,
and a sample social media post with relevant written and visual components in a
single PDF document to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Fall Communications
Internship-[LAST NAME]” in the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which
internship you are applying for and your dates of availability.
While the deadline for applications is Wednesday, August 5th at 5PM EST, applications
will be accepted and reviewed on a rolling basis. Applicants are encouraged to submit their
application early. Applications that are incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not
be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin, sexual
orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, military service, or other
non-merit factors. Individuals from underrepresented communities are encouraged to
apply. Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.

Communications Fellow - MEM-230-26
The Office of Congressman Gabe Vasquez seeks a part-time, temporary Communications
Fellow for the fall (Late August through December, exact dates flexible). The
Communications Fellow is an integral member of the Congressman’s office and the
communications team. Your role is essential to the office’s overall mission of
communicating the Congressman and his staff’s work on behalf of New Mexicans to his
constituents and the press.
The Communications Fellow will primarily be responsible for:
• Drafting written materials including press releases, e-newsletters, social media
content
• Designing graphics
• Creating and editing short video clips as needed
• Building press lists

Competitive candidates will possess excellent writing and graphic design skills, creativity,
attention to detail and relevant prior experience. Spanish language skills are a plus.
This is a part-time, temporary position, with 20-25 hours of work per week expected. The
schedule is flexible, and a hybrid remote and in-person work arrangement is preferred.
Fully remote applicants will also be considered.
Fellows will be paid a monthly stipend. To be considered, please send a resume, cover
letter, writing sample, and two digital samples with the subject line “NM-02 Fall
Communications Fellow” to NM02Press@mail.house.gov by July 29, 2026. No calls or
drop-ins, please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

Interns -MEM-228-26
A senior Republican Representative serving on the House Financial Services Committee is
seeking interns for the Fall of 2026 in their Washington D.C office. Interns will gain a strong
understanding of the functions of a congressional office and firsthand experience with the
legislative process. Internship start and end dates are flexible and part-time internships
are available for students. Full-time hours are Monday-Friday 9:00-5:00. This is a paid
opportunity with a monthly stipend and reimbursement for Metro commute.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, assisting with
constituent correspondence, conducting legislative research, leading Capitol tours,
attending hearings and briefings and drafting memos. Applicants should be detail oriented,
able to work well in a fast-paced environment, have strong oral and written communication
skills and an interest in public policy. Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to: Kieran.Patch@mail.house.gov.

Fall 2026 Intern- MEM-223-26
Congresswoman Nancy Mace's District Office (Daniel Island) is seeking students with a
strong interest in political science, public service, and communication to join as a fall
intern 2026.
The internship can be full-time or part-time and will run from mid-August through
November.
All applicants can submit their information using this link:
Internships | Representative Nancy Mace

The deadline for applications will be July 31, 2026.

Paid Internship- MEM-221-26
The office of Congressman Juan Ciscomani (AZ-06) is accepting applications for Fall
2026 paid internships in our Washington D.C. Office.
Ideal candidates are motivated, detail-oriented, and possess a strong work ethic, with the
ability to communicate effectively with constituents and staff. This internship offers a
valuable opportunity to gain hands-on experience in public service and constituent
relations while learning about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office.
Responsibilities may include:
Answering phones and responding to constituent inquiries
• Greeting visitors and assisting with front office operations
• Leading guided tours of the U.S. Capitol
• Conducting legislative research and writing memos on policy and
local issues for the Member and staff
• Assisting with additional administrative and legislative tasks as needed
Qualifications:
• Strong written and verbal communication skills
• Willingness to learn and take initiative
• Professional demeanor and excellent attention to detail
• Ability to work both independently and collaboratively as part of a team
• Demonstrated interest in public service, government, or public policy
• Arizona residency or connection to the 6th Congressional District preferred
How to Apply: Interested applicants should submit a resume and brief cover letter
outlining their interest and availability to Reya.Maestas@mail.house.gov

Fall 2026 Internship - MEM-211-26
The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY, will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Fall Semester 2026.
Applications will be accepted until July 31st, 2026.
Interns will be responsible for:
•
•
•
•

Completing constituent calls
Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations
Day-to-day office work
Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the D.C.
office

•

Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case work
or work on District-based projects of importance

Interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office, congressional
communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students and current graduate students.
For more information on the district internship please
visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
To apply for the Fall 2026 District Office Internship, please fill out the google form
found here: Fall 2026 DO Internship Application Form. Our office will be accepting
applications on a rolling basis until July 31st at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early.

