Internship Openings
Week of November 25, 2024
MEM-496-24
Congressman French Hill (AR02) seeks interns to serve in his offices in Washington, D.C.,
and Arkansas.
Interns will work in a fast-paced office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the
legislative process and the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include (but are not
limited to) interacting with Arkansans and other visitors, conducting legislative research
and writing, drafting communications materials, and assisting Arkansans with matters
before the federal government.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events
and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Social media and
other communications experience are a plus. Successful interns will be self-starters, listen
to and take direction, and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team.
Standard internships take place as follows:
- Spring: January through May
- Summer: May through August
- Fall: September through November
Internships outside of this schedule may be offered on a case-by-case basis. Paid and
unpaid internships are available.
Interested individuals should send a resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov. For more information, please call (501) 324-5941 or
(202) 225-2506 and ask for the Intern Coordinator.

MEM-491-24

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and selfmotivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to apply for its paid,
full-time internship program. The Committee on House Administration maintains
jurisdiction of federal election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House
of Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex, including
the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the House, House
Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and other legislative branch
entities like the Library of Congress, Government Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian
Institution. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about
the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are
responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups),
oversight, research, assisting with phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties. Administrative tasks
include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail, entering data, and drafting
correspondence. Legislative support includes performing research, drafting public
statements, prepping materials for hearings, attending hearings and briefings, reaching out
to agencies and other congressional offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.

MEM-489-24
The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks a motivated
and creative part-time or full-time Press Intern for Spring 2025. The press intern will work
closely and collaboratively with a fast-paced communications team. Qualified candidates
should have strong writing and social media skills, graphic design experience, and a desire
to create engaging communications content. Knowledge of video editing software is a plus.
Responsibilities may include:
• Compiling daily press clips
• Designing graphics
• Editing and captioning videos
• Drafting news releases, social media and e-newsletter content
• Updating the website
• Compiling weekly reports on press and social media results
• Taking photos at hearings and events
The intern will receive a stipend during the internship, which will ideally run from January to
April 2025.

Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample (no
longer than two pages) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your cover letter,
please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and whether you are
available to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Spring 2025 Press Intern [First Name]
[Last Name]” in the subject line. The deadline to apply is December 10, 2024. Please no
phone calls or drop-ins.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or age.
Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.

MEM-488-24
Digital/Press Intern
The Office of Congressman Salud Carbajal (CA-24) is seeking a highly motivated and
creative Digital/Press Intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation based in
his Washington, D.C. office for the Winter 2025 term (early January to late March). The
Digital/Press Intern will help build out the Congressman’s digital and social media
footprint, with heavy emphasis on creating engaging social media content and graphics.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist
with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video
editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. California or Central Coast ties and Spanish
literacy are a plus. The intern will work closely with the Communications Director,
Digital/Creative Assistant, and Legislative Correspondent.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Compiling daily press clips
• Creating engaging graphics and editing photos
• Assisting the Digital/Creative Assistant with social media content, website content and
digital newsletters
• Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
• Assisting Communications Director with drafting press releases, op-eds, advisories, and
other written materials
• Creating and maintaining press lists
• Compiling regular comms reports on press and social media results
• Additional responsibilities include assisting the Legislative Correspondent with
administrative tasks (e.g. answering phone calls, greeting visitors, etc.) and legislative tasks
(e.g. batching incoming messages on Fireside, drafting constituent letters, writing
cosponsor recommendations, etc.)
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:

A qualified candidate will possess strong social media and graphic design skills. Past
experiences with Canva, Photoshop, and other digital/graphic/video design platforms are a
major plus.
TO APPLY:
The internship will run from early January to late March. The hours are roughly 32 hours a
week and are flexible to accommodate schedules and time zones, but generally run 9a.m.
to 6p.m. ET when Congress is in session and 9a.m. to 5p.m. ET when Congress is out of
session.
This position is primarily in-person with some flexibility for telework. Interested applicants
should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, two digital samples, and dates/hours
of availability to Tommy.Vo@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(First Name) (Last Name)
– Digital/Press Intern.” This is a full-time, limited term position and offers a monthly stipend
from the office of Congressman Carbajal’s unless the intern is already receiving
credit/stipend through a third party.
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer and
encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Deadline to apply is Friday,
November 29, 2024.

MEM-487-24
The House Democratic Caucus is currently seeking candidates for paid internships for the
2025 Spring term. Internships are full-time and in-person in our Washington, DC office.
Current college students and recent graduates are welcome to apply.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
supporting Members and staff of the House Democratic Caucus. Interns contribute to the
daily operations of the office and are expected to act in a dependable and professional
manner at all times. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, work efficiently under
pressure and manage multiple projects at one time. The internships include some physical
tasks like lifting and pushing carts as part of event setup and logistical responsibilities.
Responsibilities will include:
Press Intern: Drafting press releases and other written materials, maintaining press lists,
and assisting with press events and other Caucus events and meetings. Familiarity in
livestreaming and livestreaming software, and fluency in Spanish, is a plus.
Digital Intern: Drafting digital copy for the Caucus official social media channels,
collaborating on creative graphic and video content, and assisting with press conferences
and other Caucus events and meetings. Familiarity with livestreaming and livestreaming
software is a plus.

Operations Intern: Greeting guests, answering phones, monitoring and responding to the
Caucus email inbox, assisting with Caucus Meetings and events, supporting office
operations, attending briefings and drafting memos, and various day-to-day office tasks.
The House Democratic Caucus is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other
factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require
a reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes are
encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
Interested applicants should submit an application through this form
(https://airtable.com/appXvvKR5c7j2xayM/pagMYv6Db9nUiukUP/form) and upload a
resume, cover letter and one-paged writing sample. Digital applicants may submit 1-2
digital samples. The internship will run from Tuesday, January 21 to Friday, May 16, 2025.
This internship offers compensation of $2,400 per month. The deadline to apply for our
Spring cohort is Wednesday, December 4, 2024.

MEM-485-24
The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Democrats are seeking a motivated
and creative full-time winter 2025 Press Intern. The press intern will work closely and
collaboratively with a fast-paced communications team. Qualified candidates should have
demonstrated graphic design experience, strong writing and social media skills, and a
desire to create engaging communications strategies. Knowledge of video editing software
is a plus.
Responsibilities may include:
• Designing graphics
• Editing and captioning videos
• Drafting social media and e-newsletter content
• Updating the website
• Compiling weekly reports on press and social media results
• Compiling daily press clips in collaboration with the communications team
• Taking photos of hearings and events
Ideally, the internship will run from January to March 2024. To apply, candidates should
submit a resume and a writing sample to TransportDems@mail.house.gov with "Press
Intern" and [First Name] [Last Name] in the subject line. The deadline to apply is December
1, 2024.
This is a full-time, limited term position and offers a monthly stipend of $3,200. The office is
an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,

religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-483-24
The Washington DC Office of Congressman Pat Fallon is looking for spring 2025 interns.
In the Washington, DC office, internships run throughout the fall, spring, or summer
semesters for college students. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic
course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session,
and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones,
run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and
briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result,
interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page on Congressman Fallon’s website and
complete the application:
https://fallon.house.gov/services/internships.htm

MEM-482-24
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of California,
seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2025 term. Interns will have a
unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process first-hand and the many functions
of a Congressional office. The Press and Digital Intern will help build out the
Congresswoman’s digital and social media presence, with heavy emphasis on creating
engaging social media content and graphics.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist
with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video
editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. Press Intern responsibilities will vary but may
include answering phones and data entry. Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in
researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending briefings, hearings,
and markups; and answering constituent letters on various issues.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official website
and complete the application form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part
of the application, a cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to
California’s 7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a

rolling basis. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based
on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification,
family status, or military status.

MEM-481-24
The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting applications for part
and full-time interns for the spring internship session. The start date would be as early as
January 7th (flexible depending on availability) with a flexible end date. Each intern will
receive up to a $1,000 stipend depending on availability based on a 40-hour workweek.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with our
nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the office and are
expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times. Duties include (but are not
limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, opening
and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various other
tasks to assist staff.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter to nj02internships@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re applying for a spring internship and format
the files as [Full Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter].

MEM-480-24
The U.S. Helsinki Commission (Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe) seeks
candidates for its Max Kampelman Fellowship program. Named for a longtime U.S.
Ambassador to the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe, Kampelman
Fellows represent the next generation of American leaders in security policy, human rights,
and strategic communications.
Policy fellows will work in political and military affairs, economic and environmental
matters, or human rights and fundamental freedoms, based on their areas of interest,
expertise, and needs of the Commission. Under the direction of commission policy
advisors, policy fellows research topics and trends relating to international military,
economic, and human rights issues throughout the 57-country OSCE region; assist staff
advisors with hearings, briefings, congressional delegations, legislation, and publications;
attend congressional hearings, panels, and events; and perform administrative duties.
Applicants should demonstrate excellent writing, analysis, research, and oral presentation
skills, as well as an interest in government, international relations, and human rights.
Communications fellows support projects and initiatives in all areas of the commission’s
portfolio. Communications fellows assist with media outreach activities; help publicize
Commission hearings and briefings; staff Commission events; develop web content; and

craft creative and engaging content to be shared on social media. They also assist with
other special communications projects and perform administrative duties. Applicants
should demonstrate excellent writing and editing skills, a basic understanding of
WordPress, knowledge of social media platforms, and an interest in government.
Photography skills are a plus.
The Kampelman Fellowship program is open to current or registered graduate students;
applications may be accepted from recent undergraduates (the beginning of the fellowship
term should be less than one year since graduation), and in exceptional circumstances,
undergraduate students with previous internship experience. Kampelman Fellowships last
three months, with fellows expected to work 30 hours per week in-person at our office in
Washington DC.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to csce.fellowships@mail.house.gov by December 2, 2024, to be considered. In the
subject line of your e-mail application please put your first initial and last name, as well as
indicate whether you are applying for a policy fellowship or a communications fellowship.
Applicants to the communications fellowship may send samples of their work including
copywriting, graphic design, videos, and/or photography, if they wish. For more information,
please visit: https://www.csce.gov/join-our-team/max-kampelman-fellowships/

MEM-477-24
Spring 2025 DC Internship
The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, Spring 2025 Interns for the
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the
front office, assisting legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams
with drafting, and other tasks as assigned. Successful candidates will work well under
deadlines, are organized, hard-working, detail-oriented, have excellent customer service
skills, and are team players. Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Interns will be eligible for a
monthly stipend. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and 2 writing
samples to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Spring 2025 DC Intern - [Last Name], [First
Name]” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-472-24
Winter/spring internships in Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s office will be held inperson in the Washington, D.C. office. Schedules are flexible to accommodate academic
schedules. Interns are paid on an hourly basis. Start dates would be expected in early to
mid-January.
Interns would have the chance to gain valuable hands-on experience while serving the
constituents of California’s 45th district. Interns would be exposed to a wide range of policy

areas, including the Congresswoman’s work on the House Ways and Means Committee,
Education and Workforce Committee, AI Task Force, and the Select Committee on the
Chinese Communist Party. Responsibilities would include corresponding with
constituents, performing research for staff, giving tours of the Capitol building, attending
Congressional hearings, and helping prepare for upcoming hearings.
Interested applicants should send a copy of their resume to
Andrew.Weinstock@mail.house.gov. Successful interns have strong attention to detail and
communications skills, as well as a strong interest in learning about the legislative process.

MEM-466-24
Spring Internship post
Congressman Cory Mills’ (FL-07) Washington, D.C. office is currently seeking qualified
individuals to serve in his Washington, D.C. office for the Spring of 2024.
Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office, while gaining firsthand
knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative
projects and attending briefings and hearings.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing skills, as well
as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a must. This is
a paid internship.
Please send resumes and cover letter to Milka.jurado2@mail.house.gov

MEM-464-24
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Spring 2025 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island office, to start at the beginning of January.
•
•
•
•
•

Duties include, but are not limited to:
Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the Member office to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;
Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
Sorts and distributes mail;
Assists Member and key staff (e.g. staff assistant, scheduler, District Director) with
logistical and administrative duties;
Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response;

•
•
•

Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at local events;
Accompanies district staff to public forums, meetings, and events as a representative to
the Member.
Applicants should apply on our website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships
Consistent with applicable law, the Office requires all interns to be fully vaccinated against
COVID-19 as a term and condition of employment.
Female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.

MEM-463-24
Paid Spring 2025 Legislative Internship – DC Office of Congresswoman Mary Gay Scanlon
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•

Drafting constituent correspondence
Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the Congresswoman
Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public service.
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to
assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring Legislative
Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and compile all application
materials into one PDF document.

MEM-459-24
Rep. Cliff Bentz (OR-02) Congressional Paid Internship Opportunity

Description:
Congressman Cliff Bentz (OR-02) is seeking Spring interns for his Washington D.C. Office.
Congressman Bentz is a member of the House Judiciary Committee and the House Natural
Resources Committee. Ideal candidates will be college students or recent graduates who
are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detail-oriented, enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and
have customer service experience.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations and
legislative research. Although no two days are the same, an intern may be expected to
answer phones, greet Oregonians, attend policy meetings with other staff, and assist in
managing constituent correspondences and administrative operations. Interns may also
lead tours of the U.S. Capitol and attend committee hearings.
Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide valuable
experience for future endeavors. The internship will generate the opportunity to foster
excellent connections, learn about many issues affecting our state and country, gain
expertise in any policy areas you might be interested in, and get a detailed look at what
makes the United States the most enduring democracy in the world.
Desired Availability:
Applicants should be able to commit to at least 20 hours per week. Office hours are
9:00AM – 5:00PM weekdays. The internship is in-person and paid.
All interested applicants are asked to fill out the application form found on the
Congressman’s website: https://bentz.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-453-24
The office of Congresswoman Stephanie Bice (OK-05) is seeking applicants for a paid
internship for the Spring 2025 term. Successful applicants will be motivated, detailoriented, display a strong work ethic, and interact well with constituents and others.
Furthermore, applicants should have a strong interest in the legislative process and the
functioning of Congress.
The intern would be expected to handle, sort and/or log incoming calls, mail, and electronic
correspondence, lead tours of the Capitol, conduct research, help draft legislative and
official correspondence, and assist the D.C. office staff with work as assigned including
administrative and logistical support. Qualified applicants should possess strong and
effective communication (both verbal and written), work well in a highly dynamic fastpaced environment, have good time management skills including the ability to prioritize,
and track multiple work products, possess attention to detail, and a willingness to learn
new skills and tasks and be flexible in supporting the Member and all staff in various roles,
both administrative and legislative.

To apply, please email ok05internship@mail.house.gov with a copy of your resume.

MEM-447-24
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated Legislative Interns in our D.C.
office for the Spring 2025 semester.
Interns in our D.C. office will have the opportunity to witness the legislative process and the
inner workings of Capitol Hill first-hand. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
answering constituent phone calls, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing tours
of the United States Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the needs of
the Congresswoman's staff. The internship will run from January through May, from 9 am-6
pm when Congress is in session and from 9 am-5 pm when Congress is not in session.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills, prioritizes
professionalism, is a dedicated team player, and has a friendly persona. Ties to Nevada's
First District are a plus, but not required. The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
How to Apply:
Interested applicants should fill out the form below and include a cover letter, resume, and
short (1-2 page) writing sample. Applications will be accepted until Sunday, December 1,
2024, on a rolling basis.
Application Form: airtable.com/appjUVDedFRF8MvRK/shrHMRz57ZvPcdOdy

