Member and Committee Openings
Week of December 30, 2024
MEM-529-24
Rep. Nanette Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly talented and motivated Legislative Assistant or
Senior Policy Advisor in her Washington, DC oDice – position title dependent on experience. The
primary responsibility for this position will be handling the Member’s work on telecommunications
issues as a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Other priority issues in the legislative
portfolio include; housing homelessness, labor, education, and other issues as assigned.
Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, policy letters, memos, and talking points,
preparing for and staDing committee hearings, making vote recommendations, meeting and
maintaining relationships with constituents and advocacy groups, working closely with the
communications team and district staD, advancing a number of the Member’s legislative priorities,
and other tasks as required. The position requires strong written and oral communication skills, the
ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced work environment, and to work collaboratively
in a team environment.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least 2-3 years of Capitol Hill or
relevant policy experience, be highly motivated, detail-oriented professionals with strong
organizational and time-management skills, a positive attitude, and the ability to work under
pressure and meet deadlines in a fast-paced work environment.
Candidates with previous experience in telecommunications policy and working knowledge of the
FCC and NTIA are preferred. Applicants should also have experience with coalition building and the
ability to maintain strategic relationships with constituent organizations.
Previous experience working on housing and homelessness issues, Los Angeles Metro
Area|Southern California ties, and Spanish language skills are a plus.
Salary range is $60-80,000 - commensurate with skills and experience.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, two references, and two writing samples
with “Telecomm Legislative Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.

The oDice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-528-24
Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced Communications
Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press operation. Applicants must be creative,
dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary communications advisor
to the Member. They will be responsible for developing and executing an aggressive strategic
communications plan, including social media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty
media outlets. The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations, including
coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media inquiries; booking the Member for
interviews; pitching news opportunities to media outlets; planning press conferences and indistrict events; managing the Member’s social media accounts and oDicial website;
editing/drafting speeches, talking points, ﬂoor statements, press releases, op-eds, and enewsletters; and creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of StaD, Legislative Director, and
District Director to develop and coordinate core messaging. The Communications Director is
responsible for maintaining the Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with
an emphasis on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values and
advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related experience either
on or oD Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized, proﬁcient in multi-tasking, have strong political
judgment and instincts, and possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with radio/TV bookers
and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended hours and oftentimes
under time constraints, while maintaining a positive attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, a cover letter including salary requirements, and two writing
samples with the subject line “Communications Director” to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The oDice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM 527-24
Congresswoman Val Hoyle (D-OR-04) seeks a self-starting, highly experienced, and creative
Communications Director to join her Washington, D.C. oDice and lead a fast-paced
communications team. The ideal candidate will have familiarity with national press, the House
franking process, and will work closely with the Deputy Chief of StaD/District Director, Legislative
Director, and report to the Chief of StaD to set the Congresswomen’s messaging priorities. This
position will be the direct supervisor of the Press Secretary and any Press Interns. This is not an
entry-level position.
Essential Job Functions Required
1. Develops and implements strategic communications plans for the office, including working
closely with the legislative team to develop media strategies to roll out legislation, send letters,
and make other major announcements
2. Successfully and consistently pitches the Congresswoman to both local and national TV, radio,
and print media
3. Helps plan and staffs DC- and district-based events such as press conferences, tele-townhalls,
and roundtables, etc.
4. Prepares for, brief, and staffs the Congresswoman for media interviews, press conferences,
roundtables, and other engagements.
5. Drafts talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds and other materials, as necessary, and in
the Congresswoman’s voice.
6. Speaks on background with reporters and act as a media liaison for the Congresswoman.
7. Helps manage social media presence, this includes drafting social media copy, clipping
interviews, and creating graphics to circulate across platforms.
8. Maintains and updates office website to ensure that it features timely content.
9. Serves as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
10. Develops and implements media, communications, and public relations strategy for the
Member.
11. Oversees digital media, website and other communications consultant.
12. Remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the Member may
be questioned.
13. Evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the nation for their impact on the
Member.
14. Provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's actions and legislative
activities.
15. Creates official digital ads and other graphics.
16. Writes speeches for the Member.
17. Meets attendance requirements as established by the office.
18. Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, media, and constituents.
19. Works well under pressure and handles stress.
20. Supervises Press Secretary and any assigned Press Interns.
21. Accepts performance-based criticism and direction.
22. Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
23. Performs other duties as assigned.

Qualiﬁca(ons/Skills
ExcepPonally strong wriPng, ediPng, and proofreading skills.
Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media.
Understanding of House franking process and regulaPons.
Experience with digital communicaPons, including paid ads and analyPcs reports.
Background in graphic design, including graphics, videos, CANVA or Adobe Suite preferred.
Experience developing communicaPon strategy for a Member of Congress, an elected oﬃcial, a
federal agency, or a private or non-proﬁt organizaPon.
7. ExperPse in advising others on a communicaPon strategy and ability to work well on a team.
8. Able to make split-second decisions and develop communicaPons under Pght deadlines.
9. Strategic thinker, poliPcally savvy and comfortable navigaPng diﬃcult situaPons with press and
staﬀ; and
10. Time management skills, ability to work under pressure, and comfortable balancing mulPple
responsibiliPes at once.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.

This oDice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age,
disability, marital status, parental status, military status, or any other factor or basis prohibited by
applicable federal law. Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a resume and cover letter.
Working Conditions
1. Work is performed in an oﬃce environment. A hybrid work arrangement involving
telecommuPng may also be approved, consistent with the needs of the oﬃce.
2. Noise levels in the oﬃce are usually moderate.
3. Ability to work in a small workstaPon without expectaPon of privacy.
Education/Experience
At least three-years of political and/or communications experience with strong academic
credentials. Alternatively, four-years of related experience or training in communications or
equivalent similar experience. Experience working in Congress is preferred.
The ODice is accepting resumes until COB Friday, January 17, 2025. We will review them on a rolling
basis. Please have them send a resume and cover letter to resumes.hoyle@mail.house.gov with the
subject line: Communications Director Opening. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-526-24
Legislative Assistant
Member-elect Maggie Goodlander (NH-02) is hiring a Legislative Assistant to join her Washington,
D.C. team.
This role will include maintaining policy expertise and tracking legislative activity within the
assigned policy portfolio; drafting vote, bill cosponsor, and letter recommendations; writing policy
memos and brieﬁng materials; reviewing constituent correspondence within assigned policy
portfolio; meeting with constituents and stakeholders and ensuring their concerns are shared with

the Member and policy team; researching and drafting legislation; and working to advance the
Member’s legislative agenda.
Qualiﬁed candidates will have legislative experience, a good understanding of House and
committee procedures, an understanding of the legislative process, a demonstrated ability to
translate policy ideas into legislative outcomes, strong written and verbal communication skills,
and strong organizational skills. Previous experience as a Legislative Assistant or on Capitol Hill,
New Hampshire ties, and a demonstrated interest in public service are preferred.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing
sample in a single PDF by January 3rd to servenh2@gmail.com.

MEM-525-24
Legislative Correspondent
Member-elect Maggie Goodlander (NH-02) is hiring a Legislative Correspondent to join her
Washington, D.C. team.
This role will include building a new mail program, including establishing a letter library for the
oDice; assisting with tracking and sorting constituent mail, email, and phone outreach; drafting
responses; ensuring constituents get timely, accurate, and helpful responses; and communicating
constituent opinions and priorities to the Member and legislative team. Additional responsibilities
include legislative issue research and tracking of legislative activity, assisting in the drafting of the
Member's remarks and committee materials, brieﬁng materials, and other duties as assigned.
Qualiﬁed candidates will possess strong writing, proofreading, and organizational skills, and
attention to detail. Familiarity with Intranet Quorum or other House CRM software is a plus. New
Hampshire ties, and a demonstrated interest in public service are preferred.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing
sample in a single PDF by January 3rd to servenh2@gmail.com.

MEM-524-24
District Representative for California’s 49th Congressional District
Description: The staD member in this position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local
agencies for the Member of Congress and constituents. The District Representative is charged with
helping constituents with casework and engaging the residents of the 49th Congressional District,

including planning meetings and events with the Member of Congress. This position is based in
Oceanside.
Responsibilities: The person in this role is speciﬁcally responsible for building and maintaining
relationships with a variety of communities throughout CA-49, especially in Encinitas, Solana
Beach, and Del Mar. This role involves handling constituent casework with various federal agencies,
with a focus on the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of State. Other
responsibilities include planning and staDing in-district events, meetings, and site visits; working
closely with the District ODice and Washington, DC oDice staD on local and assigned policy issues
and areas; and establishing relationships with local groups, including attendance at key meetings
and ensuring the oDice is tracking events and functions to facilitate the Member’s attendance.
Qualiﬁcations: Successful applicants should have a thorough knowledge of California’s 49th
district, familiarity with the communities of Encinitas, Solana Beach, and Del Mar, a serviceoriented attitude, strong organizational skills, proﬁciency at prioritizing and managing multiple
projects at one time, a capacity to work both independently and as part of a team, and strong
written and oral communications skills. Preference may be given to residents of the 49th District.
The salary for this position is $50,000 to $60,000, commensurate with experience.
To Apply: Please send resume, cover letter, and three professional references
to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov
Veterans are encouraged to apply.
This oLice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply, including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA
community.

MEM-523-24
The Democratic Staff of the House Budget Committee and Ranking Member Brendan F. Boyle (PA-02)
seek a creative and detail-oriented Digital Assistant to support digital communications and public
engagement efforts. This position will be split between the committee office and personal office and will
be based out of Washington D.C.
This position involves creating and scheduling content for social media platforms, maintaining the
committee’s website, producing multimedia materials (graphics, videos, and infographics), and
monitoring digital analytics to optimize outreach. The ideal candidate will have 1-3 years of experience
in digital communications, social media management, or a similar role (Hill or campaign experience
preferred), proficiency with design and editing tools (e.g., Adobe Creative Suite, Canva), strong writing
and editing skills, and a passion for progressive policymaking.
Candidates should be highly organized, comfortable working under tight deadlines, and familiar with
social media analytics and website content management systems. A bachelor’s degree in

communications, political science, or a related field is preferred. Salary is commensurate with
experience, and the position includes a competitive benefits package.
This office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values mentorship and professional
development; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship
status, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military
status. Candidates with diverse backgrounds, women, people of color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, email a cover letter, resume, three examples of digital content, and contact information for
three references to budget-democrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line: "[Name] – Digital
Assistant Application." Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM -522-24
The Office of Congressman Pat Ryan (NY-18) seeks a Press Secretary based in the
Washington DC office. Applicants should be prepared to join a highly-collaborative, highachieving team and possess an eagerness to grow and learn within the office. Ties to New
York’s 18th District are a plus.
The ideal candidate should demonstrate excellent writing and editing skills in addition to a
strong work ethic, good sense of humor, and keen attention to detail. The position will
require working non-traditional hours.
Responsibilities include:
Writing press releases, statements and media advisories
Drafting talking points and op-eds
Staffing the Congressman for interviews and media events
Planning press conferences and in-district events
Responding to press inquiries
Maintaining relationships and booking interviews with local press outlets
Other tasks as assigned
The Press Secretary will report to the Communications Director, and work closely with the
Chief of Staff, the District Director, the Digital Director, the Legislative Director, and other
legislative and district staff in creating, coordinating and executing the digital and written
content strategy to promote the Congressman’s legislative and district priorities. The salary
range for this position is $60,000 - $80,000, commensurate with experience.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three references
in a single PDF to ny18resumes@mail.house.gov with the job title and your full name in the

subject line (e.g.: “Press Secretary - Bryson Daily). No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins, please.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-521-24
The Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. is seeking a Communications Director that can
work in Washington D.C. or the Charlotte, N.C. District Office.
The Communications Director is expected to work closely with the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of Staff /
District Director, and the Legislative Director to develop and execute a comprehensive and aggressive
strategic plan to inform constituents and the media about Congresswoman Adams and her work as a
member of congress. This includes making media pitches, organizing press events, and reviewing,
drafting, and finalizing statements, talking points/speeches, press releases, media advisories, and other
messaging (e.g., newsletters and social media). Finally, the Communications Director will oversee all
Franked communications, which includes mailers. Successful candidates will be exceptional writers and
have strong experience working in fast-paced environments and implementing aggressive
communications plans. North Carolina ties strongly preferred.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Develop strategic communications plans for all district and DC events/speaking
engagements/member appearances, etc. and work closely with the DC and District Offices to
implement successful media strategies;
Produce written and visual content for the office, including but not limited to press releases,
statements, social media post and weekly newsletters;
Manage, mentor, and grow the communications team, focusing on staff professional
development, skill building, and efficient workflows;
Build and sustain strong relationships with North Carolina and national print, online, radio, and
broadcast media (reporters, producers, editors, columnists, etc.), and remain ready to identify
creative ways to pitch the Member;
Prepare, brief, and staff the Member for media interviews, press conferences, roundtables, and
other engagements;
Draft and edit office materials, talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds, and other
materials as necessary; and
Speak on background or on the record with reporters when necessary and act as a media liaison
for the Member.

•
REQUIREMENTS:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Bachelor’s Degree in a relevant field or equivalent professional experience;
Previous Capitol Hill, campaign or political experience strongly preferred;
Exceptionally strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
Previous on the record experience;
Ability to take photographs and write content for social media
Experience managing others and promoting professional development;
Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media and how to successfully create and
leverage opportunities in each;
Strategic thinker, politically savvy, and ability to manage competing priorities and develop
solutions under tight deadlines;

•

Ability to work well with others, willingness to take initiative, manage competing priorities, and
turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines are a must; and
• Works a flexible schedule, including long hours on nights, weekends and holidays.
Rep. Alma S. Adams’ office provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for
employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color,
religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation,
gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, a resume, three references, and three writing samples
to NC12.resume@mail.house.gov with “[NAME] –Communications Director” in the subject line.

MEM-520-24
Congresswoman-elect Maxine Dexter is seeking a full-time Legislative Assistant in Washington,
DC. This is not an entry-level position. The salary range is $62,000 - $75,000. Qualiﬁed candidates
should submit a resume and cover letter to OR3resumes@gmail.com. Oregon ties are strongly
preferred.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Works with the Deputy Chief of StaD & Legislative Director and Chief of StaD to formulate
and advance legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas.
• Represents the Congresswoman at meetings with constituents, district stakeholders,
committee staD, and federal agencies and staDs the Congresswoman at engagements
relevant to assigned issue areas.
• Tracks legislation and coordinates co-sponsorship of bills and co-signing of letters for the
Congresswoman.
• Develops brieﬁng materials, talking points, and policy memos for the Congresswoman.
• Briefs the Congresswoman on bills before the House, provides advice on Committee
activity, and assists the district oDice staD with legislative matters that impact the local
community.
• Provides input to the Communications Director to draft speeches, press releases, op-eds,
and statements for the Congresswoman.
• Provides district oDice staD with targeted information for community events.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong written and verbal communication skills.
• Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, procedures, and organization of the House.
• Self-starting personality.
• Passion for public service.
• Ability to work well under pressure.
• Willingness to accept performance-based criticism and direction.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.

MEM 519-24
The Office of Congressman Jamie Raskin (MD-08) seeks a Scheduling Director / Operations Manager.

The Scheduling Director/Operations Manager will work closely with the Member, the Chief of Staff, and
District Chief to coordinate the Member’s official schedule and provide administrative support to the
Member and team to ensure efficient operations. Essential duties include but are not limited to:
managing the Member’s daily and long-term schedule; organizing and tracking invitations, speaking
engagements, meetings, and scheduling requests for the Member; corresponding with outside
stakeholders on scheduling matters and keeping the Member on schedule throughout the day;
coordinating logistics and strategic planning for events; coordinating official travel of the Member and
staff; providing operational support such as overseeing leave requests and staff training; liaising with
technology department and managing member’s technology and office technology; and other
administrative duties as may be assigned.
The successful candidate ideally has experience working on the Hill and experience with scheduling
and/or operations. Applicants should be motivated self-starters and highly-collaborative team players
who demonstrate scrupulous attention to detail, keen organizational skills, effective time management,
excellent oral and written communication skills, and has a professional demeanor. The role regularly
interacts with constituents, relevant stakeholders, congressional offices, and federal agencies. The
candidate should be responsive and friendly while demonstrating strategic planning and decisionmaking skills. A discreet approach to these responsibilities is essential. This position may include
evening and weekend work as the Congressional and Member schedule requires.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate
based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity and
expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation or any other characteristics protected
by applicable laws, in any of its activities or operations.
To apply, please email: MD08.Resumes@mail.house.gov by January 9, 2025 with “Scheduling
Director/Operations Manager: Last Name” in the subject line and the following applications materials
attached as one pdf:
1.
2.
3.
4.

Resume
Cover letter
Two writing samples
Three references – including name, current title, phone number, and email address.

MEM 518-24
The office of Congressman Greg Steube is seeking a District Director to oversee all in-district
operations. This position is based in Sarasota, Florida, and offers a unique opportunity to play a key
leadership role in the Congressman’s efforts to serve and represent constituents.
Position Overview:
The District Director will manage all operations of the district office and will be responsible for
executing the Member’s priorities in the district. Working closely with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, Communications Director, and Director of Operations, the District Director will
contribute to the strategic development of initiatives and programs that align with the Member’s goals.
This position will also serve as the public face of the office in the district, regularly attending events and
representing the Congressman at meetings within the community.
Key responsibilities:

•
•

Oversee the Member’s constituent casework activities with federal departments and agencies
Align district office strategies and plans with the Member’s broader goals and legislative
priorities
• Collaborate with D.C. staff to ensure smooth communication and coordination between the
district and D.C. offices
• Facilitate the Member’s visibility and engagement in the district through regular public
appearances, meetings, and events
• Manage and lead district office staff, including planning, assigning, and directing work to ensure
high performance and efficiency
• Build and maintain strong relationships with local community leaders, stakeholders, and
constituents
• Monitor and assess district office operations to improve effectiveness and constituent
satisfaction
Preferred Qualifications:
•

Experience developing and implementing community relations strategies for an elected official,
federal agency, or similar organization
• Proven ability to manage staff, make sound decisions, and prioritize competing demands in a
fast-paced environment
• Politically astute with the ability to navigate complex political and community dynamics
• Familiarity with Florida’s 17th Congressional district, including its key issues and stakeholders
Additional preferred attributes:
• Bachelor’s degree in political science, government, or a related field
• Demonstrated commitment to public service and community engagement
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should submit a resume to floridarepublicanjobs@gmail.com.

MEM-517-24
Congresswoman Susie Lee (D-NV) seeks a highly organized, good-humored, hard-working
DC Scheduler to develop, coordinate, and manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and
long-term schedule and logistics in DC. The DC Scheduler will report to the Chief of Staff
and work closely with the Member, DC staff, and District staff, including a District-based
scheduler responsible for in-district scheduling. This is not an entry-level role; prior
scheduling experience is preferred, and salary will be commensurate with experience.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and
scheduling requests, coordinating travel for the Member, compiling the Congresswoman’s
nightly briefing materials, and managing office operations, including but not limited to
facilitating Member meetings and calls, coordinating internal and external events, assisting
with onboarding and training for staff and interns, and other administrative duties.
Responsibilities will also include providing staffing support, including driving the
Congresswoman as needed. Strong candidates will be creative problem solvers, have
excellent attention to detail, communicate succinctly and effectively, and thrive in a fastpaced work environment. The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under
pressure, and the flexibility to be responsive to urgent scheduling needs on nights and
weekends.

Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Candidates should submit in PDF format a resume, cover letter, and three references
(including name, title and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the
candidate) to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name – DC
Scheduler.”

MEM-516-24
Congresswoman Jennifer McClellan (VA-04) seeks a highly motivated and proactive Communications
Director in her Washington, DC office.
In close collaboration with the Member and Chief of Staff, the Communications Director will manage all
aspects of the Congresswoman’s communications strategy, including her earned media, digital media,
and franked communications. The Communications Director will report directly to the Chief of Staff.
The Communications Director will cultivate and manage relationships with both national and local
press, field all press inquiries, and proactively pitch stories and book the Member for local and national
TV; draft press releases, media advisories, and op-eds; collaborate with the Legislative and District
teams to coordinate press rollouts for new legislative efforts and in-district events; manage a robust
franked communications budget; oversee a rapid social media program; and oversee and manage a
communications team.
This position is part of the Member’s senior staff – this is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate
should have several years of demonstrated communications experience, including on-the-record
experience, strong relationships with bookers and producers, and a broad network of reporter
relationships. The candidate should possess strong writing and interpersonal skills and good political
instincts. Capitol Hill experience required. Virginia ties are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal benefits, including student loan repayment, transit or parking
benefits, generous PTO and FMLA, and work-from-home options. The pay range is $95,000-$105,000,
commensurate with experience.
To Apply: All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples to VA04.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
This full-time position is based in her Washington, D.C. office. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual
orientation, religious affiliation, national origin, age, or military, marital, or parental status. The office
prioritizes building a diverse team: women and candidates from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and other
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply.

MEM-514-24
The O<ice of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking a Legislative Counsel to
lead the o<ice’s Judiciary portfolio. The Congresswoman is a Member of the House
Judiciary Committee and is currently the Ranking Member on the Subcommittee on
Immigration Integrity, Security and Enforcement. This position will lead on all issues within
the jurisdiction of the Judiciary Committee (except Immigration), which include but are not
limited to antitrust, courts, criminal justice, elections, protection of civil rights and civil
liberties, and intellectual property.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•
•

•
•
•

Preparing and sta<ing the Congresswoman for committee hearings and markups
including proposing strategic approaches, drafting remarks and questions,
preparing amendments and talking points.
Advancing current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation, building
support, legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as
speeches, policy memos, and factsheets.
Developing expertise in new issue areas as they arise.
Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders.
Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and Committee
o<ices; and carrying out additional duties as required.

Job Requirements:
•
•
•

Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values.
Excellent writing and time management skills.
Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is appropriate
for the O<ice.

•
•
•
•

Previous Hill experience strongly preferred.
Poised, level-headed, ﬂexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The O<ice of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of
color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of
other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or
district ties are a plus. Prior
Hill experience is strongly preferred. Position location is Washington, DC.

•
•
•

Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
references in PDF
format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Counsel”: [Applicant’s First
and Last
Name]” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-512-24
Washington, D.C.-Based Executive Assistant/Scheduler
The O<ice of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) is looking for an organized, adaptable,
and detail-oriented Executive Assistant/Scheduler for her Washington, D.C. o<ice.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Driving and sta<ing the Congresswoman while she is in Washington, D.C
• Overseeing the member’s daily and long-term schedule, in coordination with the
Deputy Chief of Sta< and the district-based Executive Assistant/Scheduler
• Compiling the daily brieﬁng book and ensuring the member is prepared ahead of
engagements
• Managing member travel, logistics, and records
• Liaising between all sta< and the member to e<ectively communicate needs
• Assisting the Deputy Chief of Sta< with o<ice operations, events, and project
management, as needed
• Maintaining setup and presentation of the Member O<ice and upkeep of o<icial
vehicle
• Aiding in front o<ice management during non-session weeks
This role is part of the Operations team and reports to the Deputy Chief of Sta<. It also
requires close coordination with the district-based Executive Assistant/Scheduler,
Communications Director, and legislative team.
Ideal candidates will have good judgment, an eye for detail, and the ability to work in a fastpaced, collaborative environment. They will be able to anticipate the needs of the
Congresswoman and problem-solve on their feet.
This is not a 9-5 job; many nights and weekends will be required, especially during
legislative sessions. Advance, sales, or service industry skills are preferred; a valid driver’s
license and a good driving record are required.
TO APPLY, please send a résumé and cover letter to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov
with “DC Scheduler – NAME” in the subject line.

Our o<ice is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals,
new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Applications will be accepted through
Friday, January 3, 2025, though priority will be given to earlier applicants. No phone calls,
emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-510-24
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR
Congresswoman Angie Craig (MN-02) is in search of a highly-motivated Communications
Director in her Washington, DC o<ice. This position reports to the Chief of Sta<.
The Communications Director will manage all aspects of the Congresswoman’s
communications portfolio – including her earned media strategy, digital media presence,
and robust franked communications program – and will oversee a comms team that spans
both the DC and District o<ices.
The ideal candidate should have several years of demonstrated communications
experience – including experience working with reporters. The candidate should be a
strategic thinker and dynamic writer with strong interpersonal skills, solid political
instincts, a good sense of humor, and a keen attention to detail.
The position is full time with federal beneﬁts, including student loan repayment program (if
eligible), transit or parking beneﬁts, and an annual salary of between $85,000 and $95,000
commensurate with experience.
This position is part of the Congresswoman’s senior sta< – this is not an entry level
position.
To Apply:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and two writing samples to
repcraigresumebank@gmail.com with the subject line “Communications Director
[applicant’s full name].”
Our o<ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), national origin, age, disability,
gender identity, or sexual orientation. Our o<ice encourages candidates of diverse
backgrounds to apply.

MEM-506-24
The O<ice of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) is hiring a creative, e<icient, and detailoriented Social Media Assistant based in Washington, D.C. or San Diego, CA.

The Social Media Assistant will be responsible for creating and executing digital strategies
under the guidance of the Communications Director. The ideal candidate will be a strong
writer and a digital native with an eye for detail and a passion for innovative digital
engagement.
This is not a 9-5 job; some nights and weekends as well as frequent travel will be required.
California ties are helpful; good judgment and common sense are a must.
Social Media: The Social Media Assistant will manage the Congresswoman’s social media
platforms – including Twitter, Facebook, Threads, Instagram, TikTok, and others – in
addition to her website. This individual will be expected to proactively draft content in the
voice of the Congresswoman each day in addition to quickly responding to breaking news,
Capitol Hill and San Diego developments, and other rapid response opportunities.
Applicants should have a passion for engaging non-political audiences, capitalizing on
social media trends, and innovating how the Congresswoman communicates.
Digital Content: Applicants should be proﬁcient in graphic design and video editing. This
person will be responsible for proactively creating graphics, videos, and other digital
content that is compelling, engaging, on-brand, and error-free. The Social Media Assistant
will also regularly take photos and videos of the Congresswoman at events and in
meetings. In addition to managing a strategic content calendar, they will be expected to
create content for rollouts and rapid response opportunities. This includes clipping,
captioning, and posting committee remarks, ﬂoor speeches, and interviews. The Social
Media Assistant is also responsible for spearheading the e-newsletter program, including
drafting, franking, and sending content related to grant opportunities, the
Congresswoman’s legislative priorities, and her work in San Diego.
TO APPLY, please send a résumé, cover letter, video sample, graphic sample, and short
writing sample to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Social Media Assistant –
NAME” in the subject line.
Our o<ice is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals,
new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Applications will be accepted through
Friday, January 3, 2025, though priority will be given to earlier applicants.

MEM-504-24
House Committee on Veterans’ A<airs, Subcommittee on Technology Modernization
Legislative Assistant

The House Committee on Veterans' A<airs majority is seeking a Legislative Assistant for the
Subcommittee on Technology Modernization. This position will conduct oversight of the
Department of Veterans A<airs’ (VA) enterprise technology programs and projects as well
as its information technology operations. Information technology is a key aspect of all VA
operations including, but not limited to, supply chain, health care delivery, cybersecurity,
human resources, ﬁnancial management, and beneﬁts delivery. The role involves
collecting technical information and translating it into brieﬁngs, memoranda, and policy
recommendations for a general audience in an extremely fast-paced environment. Some
level of subject matter expertise in information technology and federal agency
administrative or management issues is also required. This is a full-time, on-site position in
Washington, DC. Some domestic travel is required.
House Committee on Veterans’ A<airs, Subcommittee on Technology Modernization
Legislative Assistant
Core Responsibilities:
• Under the supervision of the Subcommittee Sta< Director, conduct oversight of the
Department of Veterans A<airs (VA) enterprise technology programs and projects as well
as its information technology operations.
• Organizing and participating in meetings, preparing for subcommittee hearings, drafting
memos, reading documents, summarizing documents and meetings orally and in writing,
limited domestic travel, and other oversight duties as assigned.
• Collect technical information and translate it into brieﬁngs, memoranda, hearing
materials, and policy recommendations for a general audience.
• Assisting with legislation in a limited capacity including drafting bills as well as reading
and tracking pending and enacted legislation.
• Representing the Committee in a limited capacity including meeting with other
congressional sta<, veteran service organizations, technical organizations, and external
stakeholders.
• Perform other duties as assigned by the Subcommittee Sta< Director, Committee Sta<
Director, and Committee Deputy Sta< Director.
Qualiﬁcations:
• Undergraduate degree
• At least three years of relevant work experience, prior congressional or federal agency
experience is preferred but not required
• Some level of subject matter expertise in information technology and federal agency
administrative or management issues
• Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply
• Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
• Excellent oral communication skills
• Thoroughness and attention to detail

• Discretion and sound judgment in formulating and recommending policy positions
• Knowledge of current issues and events relevant to the Committee and VA
• Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and courteous
• Work independently as well as in teams
• This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
• Some domestic travel is required.
Beneﬁts:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
• Student Loan Repayment Program
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the
interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume to
VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Technology Modernization Legislative Assistant” in
the subject line. Writing samples and references may be requested. No calls or walk-ins,
please.
What to Expect Next:
Your cover letter and resume will be reviewed to determine if you are among the top
candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an interview.

MEM-501-24
House GOP Member Seeks National Security Advisor
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
1. to develop and plan legislative initiatives related to a national security, cyber
security, foreign a<airs, and armed services portfolio.
2. to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House ﬂoor;

3. to meet with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
1. at least 1 year of legislative experience in a full-time, paid position or legislative
fellowship
2. excellent oral and written communication skills;
3. thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
4. ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
5. ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
6. ability to work well under pressure;
7. thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted in
subject line.

MEM-476-24
Congressman Dan Crenshaw (R-TX-02) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working Legislative
Assistant (LA), based in our Washington, D.C. o<ice. This position reports to the Legislative
Director. The LA will handle an economic facing portfolio, including Budget and
Appropriations, Financial Services, and Tax, with other issues to follow.
Key duties include:
• Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Legislative Director, and
legislative, communications, and district teams on legislative updates
• Preparing and sta<ing the Member for meetings, and assisting in the drafting of remarks,
as needed
• Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio of
issue areas Working with external stakeholders, Congressional Research Service (CRS),
Legislative Counsel, and committee sta< to draft legislation based on the Member’s
priorities
• Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communications skills and be detailoriented, organized, and creative. They must be able to quickly learn the member’s voice
and think in a proactive, communications-focused manner.
Other key qualities include:
• Commitment to a collaborative work environment
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage competing priorities
• Ability to communicate up and down within the team
• Ability to learn the Congressman’s voice and legislative priorities
• Interest in identifying and pursuing new opportunities and the ability to anticipate and
adapt to challenges

Hill experience is required. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with level of
experience. Qualiﬁed applicants should submit a resume and writing sample (no more
than 3 pages) as one combined PDF to Kenneth.Depew@mail.house.gov. Include
“Legislative Assistant – [Full Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on
a rolling basis as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

