Internship Openings
Week of September 22, 2025
MEM-310-25
Fall 2025 Committee on House Administration Internship
The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and selfmotivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to apply for its paid,
full-time internship program. The Committee on House Administration maintains
jurisdiction of federal election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House
of Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex, including
the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the House, House
Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and other legislative branch
entities like the Library of Congress, Government Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian
Institution. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about
the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are
responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups),
oversight, research, assisting with phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties. Administrative tasks
include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail, entering data, and drafting
correspondence. Legislative support includes performing research, drafting public
statements, prepping materials for hearings, attending hearings and briefings, reaching out
to agencies and other congressional offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.

MEM-309-25
Congressman French Hill (AR02) has Communications internship positions available for
the Spring 2026 term in both his DC and Little Rock offices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of
the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping central Arkansans. Intern
responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, assisting staff with
administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, and assisting with correspondence.

Interns should have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral
communication skills. Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters, take and
listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as
a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred. This
internship will focus on communications in a Congressional and governmental setting but
will include other responsibilities as outlined above.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates. The
office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply, please send a resume cover letter, and 2 references or letters of
recommendation to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov indicating which location you are
applying for. Applications should be submitted by October 12 but will be accepted on a
rolling basis until all positions are filled.
If you have any questions, you can contact the office for additional information at (202)
225-2506.

MEM-308-25
Congressman French Hill (AR02) has internship positions available for the Spring 2026
term in both his DC and Little Rock offices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of
the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping central Arkansans. Intern
responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, assisting staff with
administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, and assisting with correspondence.
Interns should have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral
communication skills. Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters, take and
listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as
a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates. The
office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply, please send a resume cover letter, and 2 references or letters of
recommendation to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov indicating which location you are
applying for. Applications should be submitted by October 12 but will be accepted on a
rolling basis until all positions are filled.
If you have any questions, you can contact the office for additional information at (202)
225-2506.

MEM-306-25
The personal office of Congressman Brian Mast (FL-21) is accepting applications for
unpaid internships in Washington, DC for the fall 2025 term. This internship will run from
now until winter with flexible start and end dates.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting staff
with administrative duties, communications projects, legislative research, and drafting
correspondence letters.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a general
understanding of the legislative process, possess strong written and oral communication
skills, and display strong interpersonal skills. Florida or district ties are not necessary. The
internship schedule is flexible for college students if needed.
Interested applicants should email their resumes, cover letters, availability, and ideal
timeframe to shelly.ballaish@mail.house.gov and david.casimes@mail.house.gov . Please
use the subject line “LASTNAME - Fall 2025 internship.”
Please note that while Congressman Mast serves as Chairman of the Foreign Affairs
Committee, this is a role in the Florida-based office, so an interest in the Congressman’s
domestic portfolio and priorities are a must.

MEM-303-25
Background:
The Office of Congressman Carlos A. Gimenez (FL-28) is hiring paid interns for the Fall
2025. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter to the
Congressman’s website before the end of the month. Applications will be reviewed once
received, and our office will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview
process.
Expectations:
Interns serve important roles for the office by providing support with office administration,
communications, and legislative research. Interns will have the opportunity to work in
various areas (e.g., communications, constituent services & administrative support,
District operations, legislative) and duties as assigned.
Duties:
• Processes incoming and outgoing communications to track and follow up on
requests by staff and constituents.
• Conducts research and drafts responses to constituent correspondence to address
key issue areas.

•
•
•

Opens, sorts, and distributes mail and other messages to ensure the office can
respond to all inquiries in a timely manner.
Partner with the legislative staff to draft responses to constituent inquiries on an
array of issue areas.
Assists with constituent flag requests, tours of the Capitol, and arranging visits to
other national landmarks.

Qualifications:
• Pursuing or completed a Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education
and experience.
• Prior constituent service or customer relationship management experience is
preferred.
• A demonstrated interest in public service.
• Bilingual in English and Spanish preferred, not required.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume to
https://gimenez.house.gov/internships and email chase.stephens@mail.house.gov.

MEM-295-25
Congressman Michael Rulli (R-OH) is seeking interns for his Washington, D.C. office for
the upcoming semester. This internship offers students an opportunity to gain firsthand
experience working in a Republican congressional office and learn about the legislative
process in the U.S. House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include:
•

Answering phones and greeting visitors

•

Assisting with constituent correspondence and casework

•

Conducting U.S. Capitol tours

•

Attending briefings and hearings

•

Assisting legislative staff with research and memos

•

Supporting communications and administrative tasks

•

Qualifications:

•

Strong written and verbal communication skills

•

Professionalism and attention to detail

•

Ability to work in a fast-paced environment

•

Interest in public policy, government, or related fields

•

Ohio ties are preferred but not required

Details:
Location: Washington, D.C. – Cannon House Office Building
Schedule: Full-time and part-time positions available (flexible with academic calendars)
Compensation: Internships are unpaid; academic credit may be arranged through your
university
Application Materials: Resume and Cover Letter
How to Apply:
Please send your resume and cover letter to brooklyn.souza@mail.house.gov
with the subject line: Internship Application – [Your Name].

MEM-292-25
The Office of Congressman Wesley Hunt (TX-38) is currently seeking candidates for the
Fall 2025 District Office Internship. Internships are full or part-time and in-person at our
Houston, TX, or Tomball, TX offices. Ties to the District are preferred but not required.
The fall internship program runs from September through December. The internship is
flexible in the number of hours per week, but a minimum of 15-20 hours per week is
mandatory. Intern hours are five days a week from 9:30 AM to 4:00 PM CT.
Duties
The district office internship will allow participants to experience a fast-paced environment
within the district. District intern's responsibilities will include answering phones,
conducting research, assisting with events throughout the district, and various other tasks.
Interns will learn about the crucial work a district office does.
Qualified applicant requirements
Ideal candidates will be hard workers, detail-oriented, efficient multitaskers, and
comfortable interacting and speaking with the public. Successful internship candidates
should:
• Be at least 18 years of age.

•
•
•
•
•

Be working towards a bachelor’s or master’s degree.
Demonstrate an interest in politics and public service.
Possess highly competent time management skills.
Possess effective teamwork, professionalism, flexibility, and communication both
written and verbal skills.
Have the ability to complete assignments with limited guidance.

How to apply
Interested candidates should submit a cover letter describing why they're interested in
working as an intern in a congressional office. Experience that applies to being an intern in
the district office should also be included. Our office also requires a resume that highlights
relevant experience related to the position.
Interested applicants should:
1. Fill out an application at the following link: https://hunt.house.gov/services/internships
2. At the end of the form upload both the cover letter and resume
Please be advised that only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
No drop-ins please.

