Internship Openings
Week of March 23, 2026
MEM-089-26
The U.S. House Financial Services Committee – Majority Staff is seeking law clerks for the
summer of 2026. The position offers law students the opportunity to gain experience
conducting congressional oversight and investigations. Law clerk responsibilities will
include conducting legal research, drafting memorandum, letters, and reports, assisting
Committee staff in performing administrative duties, and other duties as assigned. Law
clerks will work closely with counsels and professional staff on a wide range of issues. This
position is unpaid, but law school credit is available. Previous Capitol Hill, prosecutorial,
investigative, or litigation experience preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to
erin.kuhls@mail.house.gov.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-084-26
Summer 2026 Intern, House Committee on Natural Resources – Democratic Staff
The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns for Summer
2026 (June 1 - July 31). Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable.
Above all, we seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural
Resources Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
eager to learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research, prepare
for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid
communications.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and
concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations.
Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in
the United States, and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Assist with administrative duties
• Assist with legislative and policy projects

•
•
•
•

Research legislation, regulations, and public law
Assist with communications and outreach
Respond to requests for information
Attend briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff

The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work in-office when
Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a monthly stipend of
$3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military
status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable
accommodation to participate in the application or hiring process are encouraged to
request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
The application deadline is close of business on Friday, March 27. Interested
candidates should apply by visiting the House Natural Resources Committee
Democrats’ website at https://democrats-naturalresources.house.gov/internships
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates who are
being actively considered for this position.

MEM-080-26
Summer internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be held in-person in the Washington,
D.C. office. The D.C. internship will run approximately from May 26th, 2026, through Early
August, with some room for flexibility. All interns are paid a stipend and provided with the
necessary technology for their work. Schedules are flexible to accommodate course
schedules and academic programs; however, a minimum availability of 20-25 hours per
week is highly preferred.
All interns will have the opportunity to work with staff in both the D.C. and district offices
over the course of the internship and the program is easily tailored to fit interns’ policy
interests and career goals. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative process, learn
about all the different functions of a congressional office and gain hands-on professional
experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s Second Congressional District.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident and
effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong writing skills.
They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with the general public.
Application Instructions:
• To apply for an internship in the DC office, please email a combined PDF of your
resume and one-page cover letter to craig.internships@mail.house.gov. Please
format your email subject line as "FirstName.LastName – DC Office Internship"
to specify which office you are applying for.

•

Please include your weekly availability between the hours of 9:00am and 6:00pm in
your cover letter and confirm that you will be available for in-person work.

We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds to
apply. Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,
disability, age or protected veteran status.
For all summer internships, applications must be submitted no later than 9am
CT/10am ET on Wednesday, April 1st to craig.internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-078-26
The Office of Congressman Gabe Vasquez seeks a part-time, temporary
Communications Fellow for the summer (May through August, exact dates flexible). The
Communications Fellow is an integral member of the Congressman’s office and the
communications team. Your role is essential to the office’s overall mission of
communicating the Congressman and his staff’s work on behalf of New Mexicans to his
constituents and the press.
The Communications Fellow will primarily be responsible for:
• Drafting written materials including press releases, e-newsletters, social media
content
• Designing graphics
• Creating short video clips as needed
• Building press lists
Competitive candidates will possess excellent writing and graphic design skills, creativity,
attention to detail and relevant prior experience.
This is a part-time, temporary position, with 20-25 hours of work per week expected. The
schedule is flexible, and a hybrid remote and in-person work arrangement is preferred.
Fully remote applicants will also be considered.
Fellows will be paid a monthly stipend. To be considered, please send a resume,
cover letter, writing sample, and two digital samples with the subject line “NM-02
Spring Communications Fellow” to NM02Press@mail.house.gov by March 25, 2026.
No calls or drop-ins, please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-077-26
The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton provides seasonal internship
opportunities to undergraduate and graduate students interested in gaining congressional
work experience in her Capitol Hill Office and in her District Office.
Responsibilities of congressional interns include, but are not limited to, answering
telephones, opening and sorting mail, organizing Capitol tours to constituents, tracking
legislation, attending community events, assisting with constituent casework,
coordinating press-related activities, attending hearings, and preparing constituent
correspondence. These tasks give students valuable, direct interaction with the inner
workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process.
If you would like to be considered for an internship in Congresswoman Norton's
Capitol Hill office, please include the following as individual attachments: one-page
cover letter, resume, writing sample (2 pages max.) and at least one letter of
recommendation in an email to Raya.Kenney@mail.house.gov with the following in
the subject line: Norton Hill Office Summer 2026 Internship Application - First Name
Last Name
To be considered for an internship in Congresswoman Norton's District Office, please
include the following as individual attachments: one-page cover letter, resume,
writing sample (2 pages max.) and at least one letter of recommendation in an email
to dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov with the following in the subject line: Norton
District Office Summer 2026 Internship Application - First Name Last Name
If you are applying for both offices, please do so in separate emails.
**Please note that internships are in person, require a minimum three-month
commitment, are paid, and require applicants to be enrolled in or recently graduated
from a post-secondary institution. DC ties are preferred, but not required. Candidates
from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-070-26
The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY, will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Summer Semester 2026.
Applications will be accepted March 3rd – April 3rd, 2026.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Completing constituent calls

•
•
•
•

Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations
Day-to-day office work
Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the D.C.
office
Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case work
or work on District-based projects of importance

Interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office, congressional
communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students and current graduate students. For more information on the
district internship please visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
To apply for the Spring 2026 District Office Internship, please fill out the google form
found here: https://forms.gle/bipy9tt71qn5uuN6A. Spring 2026 DO Internship
Application Google Form. Our office will be accepting applications on a rolling basis
until April 3rd at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit their application
early.

MEM-069-26
In the Washington, D.C. office, internships run throughout the year based on the semester
calendar. Applicants must be based in Washington, D.C. for the duration of the internship.
Our internship program typically runs during these times:
•
•
•

Spring: Mid-January to mid-May; application window opens in September
Summer: Mid-May to mid-August; application window opens in February
Fall: Early September to mid-December; application window opens in June

Ideal candidates should possess excellent written and verbal communications skills, a
strong attention to detail, the ability to succeed in a fast-paced work environment, and a
good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not required.

Washington, D.C. Internship Responsibilities:
Interns in the Washington, D.C. office play an important role in the daily operations of the
office and gain firsthand experience in the legislative process.
Core Responsibilities (all interns):
All interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing other
inquiries
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting constituent
letters
• Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team
• Assisting with day-to-day office work and other duties as delegated by members of
the staff
• Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the Rochester
office
• Other administrative tasks as assigned
Additional Responsibilities (by focus area):
Each semester, interns have the opportunity to take on additional duties based on office
needs and individual interests. These may include responsibilities in Communications,
Scheduling, or Correspondence:
Communications Interns may:
• Compile daily press clips and monitor media coverage of issues relevant to the
Member
• Draft press releases, media advisories, and statements under staff guidance
• Assist with social media content creation and scheduling
• Help update the office website and other digital platforms
• Maintain press contact lists and track media inquiries
• Support logistics for press events and prepare briefing materials for interviews or
appearances
Scheduling Interns may:
• Assist with processing and tracking incoming invitations to the Member
• Confirm details and logistics for meetings, events, and travel
• Help maintain the Member’s calendar and coordinate with district staff as needed

•
•
•

Prepare briefing materials for scheduled events or meetings
Support logistics for events, including visitor coordination and follow-up
Assist with schedule adjustments, conflicts, and communications

Correspondence Interns may:
• Track and organize inbound constituent correspondence
• Draft responses to constituent letters on legislative issues and policy questions
under staff supervision
• Research issues raised by constituents to inform responses
• Assist the Legislative Correspondent in preparing reports summarizing constituent
concerns and trends
Throughout the semester, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.
Full-time paid internships run Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House
Calendar). Part-time internships are scheduled to accommodate students’ course
schedules, as well as the needs of the office. Part-time interns can expect to receive either
pay or academic credit. Interns must be a U.S. citizen and legally eligible to work for the U.S.
federal government.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college graduates.
To apply for the Summer 2026 DC Internship, please fill out the google form found here:
Summer 2026 DC Internship Application Google Form. Our office will be accepting
applications on a rolling basis until April 3rd at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged
to submit their application early.

MEM-052-26
Internship Opportunity: Office of the Representative Joseph D. Morelle Rochester, NY
The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY, will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Summer Semester 2026.
Applications will be accepted March 3rd – April 3rd, 2026.

Interns will be responsible for:
• Completing constituent calls
• Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations
• Day-to-day office work
• Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the D.C.
office
• Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case work
or work on District-based projects of importance
Interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office, congressional
communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students and current graduate students. For more information on the
district internship please visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
To apply for the Spring 2026 District Office Internship, please fill out the google form
found here: https://forms.gle/bipy9tt71qn5uuN6A. Spring 2026 DO Internship
Application Google Form. Our office will be accepting applications on a rolling basis
until April 3rd at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit their application
early.

