Internship Openings
Week of June 8, 2026
MEM-175-26
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated Legislative Interns in her D.C.
office for Fall 2026.
Interns in our D.C. office will have the opportunity to witness the legislative process and
the inner workings of Capitol Hill first-hand. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
answering constituent phone calls, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the United States Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the
needs of the Congresswoman's staff. The internship will run from August through
December, from 9:00am—6:00pm when Congress is in session and from 9:00am—5:00pm
when Congress is not in session. This is a full-time internship.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills, prioritizes
professionalism, is a dedicated team player, and has a friendly persona. Ties to Nevada's
First District are a plus but not required. The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
How to Apply:
Interested applicants should use the link below to fill out the form and include a cover
letter, resume, and short (1-2 page) writing sample. Applications will be accepted
until Friday, July 10, 2026, on a rolling basis.
Application Form

MEM-164-26
The Office of U.S. Representative Mark Takano (CA-39) seeks legislative and
communications interns to serve for the Fall of 2026 in the Representative’s Washington,
D.C. office.
Interns will work with the D.C.-based staff performing legislative, communications, and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting responses to

constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, performing legislative
research, drafting communications material, and supporting staff members on various
projects. Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent communication
skills, strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public service and progressive
values. All interns will be paid a monthly stipend of $1500.
The Office of Representative Mark Takano is an equal opportunity employer. Women,
people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State
and/or district ties (Riverside, CA) are a plus.
The application period for Fall 2026 internships is now open and will grant offers on a
rolling basis until August 1st.
Interested applicants should go to takano.house.gov/services/internships and follow
all instructions in order to apply.

MEM-118-26
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks highly motivated,
organized, and dedicated interns to serve for the Fall of 2026 in the Representative’s
Washington, D.C. office.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and administrative
work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting responses to constituent
correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, performing legislative research, and
supporting staff members on various projects. Ideal candidates should be professional
and possess excellent communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a commitment
to public service and progressive values. All interns will be paid a one-time stipend of
$5,850 unless funded by an outside organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer. Women,
people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State
and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
The application period for Fall 2026 internships is now open and will close on June
30th at 11:59 PM ET.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample, three
references, and availability to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with the subject
“First Name.Last Name Internship Application.”

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex,
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Diverse
applicants encouraged to apply.

