Member and Committee Openings
Week of August 17, 2026
DIGITAL DIRECTOR / PRESS SECRETARY – MEM-258-26
DIGITAL DIRECTOR / PRESS SECRETARY – Congressman Mark Pocan (WI-02), member of
the House Appropriations and Foreign Affairs Committee, is seeking a highly motivated,
detail-orientated, and energetic individual with experience in digital media strategy and
video editing for a Digital Director / Press Secretary position.
Daily tasks include managing and creating a steady stream of digital content for the
member’s social media platforms and website; video filming and editing; producing a
weekly podcast; graphic design, and daily press clips. Additionally, the position will assist
the Communications Director with managing in-district media relations; drafting releases
and advisories, and organizing press events. The ideal candidate will be creative, have a
strong proficiency in crafting digital content, experience coordinating with media, and be a
detail-oriented team player able to handle multiple tasks at once.
Excellent writing and strong organizational skills are essential, along with the ability to be a
self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Capitol Hill experience is a plus but
not required. A sense of humor is greatly appreciated, and the position reports to the
Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, two writing samples, and an example of previous digital media or graphic
design projects to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Digital Director / Press
Secretary” in the subject line. Job opening closes COB on Friday, August 21st. No
phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or expression,
pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.

FIELD REPRESENTATIVE/CASEWORKER – MEM-257-26
FIELD REPRESENTATIVE/CASEWORKER
Office of Congressman Cisneros CA 31

SUMMARY:
The Field Representative/Caseworker monitors and updates the Member and District
Director on district and local issues. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and
local agencies for the member and constituents and answers casework correspondence
and verbal communications with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
• Coordinates with the Member and colleagues to ensure outreach eSorts align with
the Member’s strategic vision, goals, and priorities;
• Collaborates with district and D.C. colleague to ensure district priorities are aligned
and inform the Member’s legislative strategy;
• Serves as a liaison with federal government entities for individual constituent
concerns, including the handling of constituent casework;
• Collaborates with colleagues to schedule the Member while in their assigned areas
in the district;
• Informs the Member and District Director on any important developments and
current events impacting the district;
• Builds and maintains positive relationships with constituents, key community
leaders, and other stakeholders;
• Tracks news stories and social media posts for the Member and colleagues,
including the communications team;
• Attends events to serve as a representative for the Member, as determined by the
District Director;
• Handles various community issues in accordance with oSice policies and
procedures;
• Support OSice in executing public meetings and annual Congressional activities
such as the Congressional Art Competition, Congressional App Competition, and
other similar events;
• Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an eSicient and eSective manner;
• Understands diSering perspectives and opinions to navigate conﬂicts and develop
solutions eSectively;
• Acts as the representative for the Member within their area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
• Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in their assigned
issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents;
• Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
• Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district oSices;
• Trains and supervises StaS Assistants, including interns, to handle oSice matters
such as logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors,
telephone calls, and computer operations;

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
Prepares periodic reports for the Director of Constituent Services on pending cases
and district activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
Maintains up-to-date ﬁles on all cases and categories of information of importance
to the oSice;
Meets attendance requirements as established by the oSice;
Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staS, and constituents;
Accepts performance based criticism and directions;
Works well under pressure and handles stress;
Works a ﬂexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
Performs other duties as assigned.

EDUCATION (OR EQUIV ALENT EXPERIENCE):
Bachelor's degree is required;
• Previous oSice experience is preferred;
• Previous experience working for a Member of Congress, elected oSicial, or
government agency preferred;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Advanced proﬁciency in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign,
After ESects, Premiere Pro) and other design tools.
• Strong understanding of digital platforms and the role of design in social media,
online engagement, and web communication.
• Experience with digital video production and editing.
• Ability to juggle multiple projects and work under tight deadlines in a fast-paced,
team-oriented environment.
• Strong attention to detail and a keen eye for visual storytelling and design.
• Knowledge of the San Gabriel Valley media;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
• Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
• Professional telephone matter;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner.
• Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner;
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities;
Knowledge of oSice policies, practices, and procedures;
Knowledge of oSice computer applications; and
Proﬁciency in word processing.
Must have a vehicle and drivers license in good standing.

WORKING CONDITIONS:
Field duties require work during regular office hours and some nights and weekends.
Additionally, employee must be able to travel and hold a valid driver’s license.
Employee must be able to work in a moderately noisy and crowded work environment
without an expectation of privacy.
BENEFITS:
• Employees may be eligible for the following beneﬁts:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Location: Covina, CA - 31, in person only
Salary: Salary range is $50,000 - 65,000 a year depending on experience.
Time commitment: Full-time, requires some evenings, weekends, and holidays
Application Deadline: Until position is filled
Interested applicants should send a resume and writing sample with the subject line
“Field Representative/ Caseworker” to cisneros.ca31.jobs@gmail.com

Island County Community Liaison – MEM-255-26
The Island County Community Liaison serves as Rep. Larsen’s primary representative to
communities on Whidbey and Camano islands. The liaison is responsible for engaging with
constituents, businesses, organized labor, nonprofit organizations, federal agencies, tribal
governments and federal, state and local officials throughout Island County. The position
covers a broad portfolio of federal issues, including military and veterans’ affairs, service

academy nominations, federal grants, housing, transportation, agriculture, outdoor
recreation, access to recreation and outdoor spaces, and other matters assigned by the
District Director.
The liaison is expected to build strong relationships with community stakeholders, develop
a detailed understanding of local projects and policy concerns, and communicate those
priorities to the Representative and office staff. The liaison will also help stakeholders
understand federal policies, programs, and opportunities that affect Island County.
The position is based in Representative Larsen’s Everett, Washington office and reports
directly to the District Director. District staff work closely with the Washington, D.C.,
office, and all staff report to the Member and Chief of Staff.
Essential job functions include:
• Serve as an oSicial representative for Rep. Larsen at meetings, forums and public
events;
• Build and maintain relationships with constituents, businesses, labor, non-proﬁt
organizations, federal agencies, tribal and local government, and other stakeholders
in Island County;
• Travel regularly throughout the district to monitor local issues, projects and
activities;
• Work with Washington D.C.-based staS on federal policy development and help
interpret federal policies for local stakeholders;
• Assist constituents and organizations in navigating federal agencies, grants and
other federal resources.
• Plan and coordinate meetings, public events, site visits, and other district activities.
Desired skills and knowledge:
• Strong knowledge of Island County and North West Washington;
• Experience conducting outreach with government oSicials, cultural communities,
the business community, organized labor and local stakeholder groups;
• Strong understanding of veteran’s issues, active duty and reserve issues, as well as
military organizational structures and relevant terminology;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent thinking while working as part of a
team on sensitive projects and issues;
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills and comfort with public
speaking;
• Flexibility to work evenings and occasional weekends;
• A valid driver’s license, reliable access to a vehicle and the ability to travel regularly
throughout Island County and the congressional district;
This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working, cohesive, and dynamic
team with a common mission of making a difference in the lives of others. The ideal

candidate is self-motivated, great at multi-tasking, has great interpersonal skills with a
teamwork-oriented attitude, and has a strong desire to help people. This position requires
someone who is detail oriented and organized.
This is a full-time position with federal benefits such as health care, the Federal Employees
Retirement System, Student Loan Repayment Program, vacation/annual leave, paid sick
and parental leave, and others.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability. We are committed to building and maintaining an organization that reflects the
needs of the diverse community we serve.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. Interested candidates should send
a resume and cover letter to cameron.caldwell@mail.house.gov as a single PDF
document with the subject line “Community Liaison Application [Your Name]”

Staff Assistant – MEM-254-26
The Office of Congressman Morelle seeks a highly organized, detail-oriented, and
professional individual to serve as Staff Assistant in the Washington, D.C. office.
The Staff Assistant serves as the first point of contact for constituents and visitors while
working directly with the Director of Operations to support the Member’s scheduling,
calendar management, and daily logistics. If you are the type of person who color-codes
your calendar, thrives in a fast-paced environment, finds satisfaction in keeping people
and projects organized, and is looking to grow with a collaborative team, we'd love to hear
from you.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Managing the front oSice and ensuring constituents, visitors, and callers receive a
professional, responsive, and positive experience interacting with the oSice.
• Coordinating Capitol tours, ﬂag requests, and other constituent-facing
administrative services.
• Supporting the Director of Operation’s scheduling program including tracking and
processing meeting requests, maintaining scheduling correspondence, and
coordinating calendar logistics.
• Assisting with meeting preparation, brieﬁng materials, daily schedule logistics, and
last-minute scheduling changes.
• Keeping the Member organized, prepared, and on schedule throughout the day.
• Collaborating with the Chief of StaS and Director of Operations on scheduling
strategy and oSice operations, including travel coordination, reimbursements,
records management, stocking supplies, and administrative projects.
• Supporting the DC Intern Program.

The ideal candidate will have:
• Exceptional organizational skills and meticulous attention to detail.
• Strong written and verbal communication skills.
• The ability to manage multiple priorities, meet deadlines, and remain calm under
pressure.
• Sound judgment, professionalism, and discretion.
• A positive attitude, willingness to learn, and commitment to public service.
• Demonstrated interest in scheduling, logistics, calendar management, and office
operations.
• District or New York ties are a plus but not required.
About Our Office: We work hard because the people of Rochester deserve an office that
delivers. We're a collaborative, high-performing team that values initiative, humility,
accountability, and kindness. Everyone is expected to pitch in, support one another, and
leave their ego at the door. Our Staff Assistant is trusted with real responsibility from day
one and will have the opportunity to develop meaningful scheduling and operations
experience while building a career on Capitol Hill alongside teammates who genuinely
enjoy working together.
To Apply: interested candidates should submit a cover letter and resume
to NY25.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant - [Your Full Name]” in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis until the position is filled.
No calls or drop-ins.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

Staff Assistant - MEM-248-26
Representative Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks Staff Assistant for his DC office. This position is
responsible for managing the front desk, answering the DC office phones, operating the DC
office internship program, coordinating constituents’ tour and flag requests, planning and
drafting basic correspondence, and handling additional administrative duties of the office
as assigned.
The staff member in this role interacts regularly with constituents and should have a
friendly, helpful demeanor. The ideal candidate should have strong written and verbal
communications skills, extreme attention to detail, and a positive attitude. A working
knowledge of legislative process and major policy issues is a plus.

This staff member should also be a self-starter who likes to solve problems and works well
with a team. Strong organizational skills and a passion for helping others are essential to
this role.
Possession of a driver’s license, a clean driving record, and a personal vehicle are
preferred in order to drive the Member in DC. Driving responsibilities could include
frequent short distances during days that the House is in session and some driving in the
evening.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and a list of three
references to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Please send all materials in one PDF document and indicate personal vehicle
access in the body of the email. Incomplete applications will not be considered.
Salary range is $45,000-$50,000, commensurate with experience. Start date for the
position is September 21, 2026.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply.

District Scheduler/Staff Assistant - MEM-247-26
The Office of Congresswoman Luz Rivas (CA-29) is seeking a detail-oriented, energetic,
and reliable District Scheduler/Staff Assistant based in the San Fernando Valley in a fulltime, in-person capacity.
This position is responsible for the Member’s Schedule in the District, as well as
maintaining front office and administrative operations for the District Office. More
specifically, district scheduling responsibilities include organizing and tracking scheduling
requests and speaking engagements and responding in a timely and friendly manner.
Additional district scheduling responsibilities include compiling the Member’s daily
briefing materials during District Work Period, as well as record-keeping of the Member’s
attendance for various District events and coverage in areas in the District. This position
will also assist with District projects such as the Congressional Art Competition.
Additionally, there are responsibilities and duties related to front office/administrative
operations, including answering phones, monitoring constituent requests, greeting
visitors, maintaining reception area and conference room, ordering office supplies,
drafting and printing District specific correspondence and additional duties, as assigned.
An ideal candidate must possess time management and multitasking skills and an ability
to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Candidates should have excellent written and oral
communications skills and demonstrate sound decision-making and good judgment. This
role regularly interacts with constituents, stakeholders, and visitors and should have a
friendly and professional demeanor, as well as an ability to exercise discretion.

This position works closely with the Member, Chief of Staff, District Director, and DC
Scheduler on all scheduling activities in the District, as well as assisting District Office
Staff as needed. The position requires flexibility to work long hours, including nights and
weekends. Diverse and bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply. Customer Service
and Administrative experience are a plus.
The annual salary range is $55,000 - $58,000 depending on experience. There is a standard
package of federal benefits. Plus, a Student Loan Repayment Program is provided.
To apply:
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and writing
sample in one PDF to ca29jobs@gmail.com with the following subject line: “District
Scheduler/Staff Assistant - [candidate’s full name]”.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex (including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.

Press/Digital Assistant - MEM-242-26
The Office of Congressman Joaquin Castro (TX-20) seeks a Press/Digital Assistant to join
a three-person communications team. This role reports to the Communications Director
and works closely with the Digital Manager. This is an ideal opportunity for someone who is
excited to learn and passionate about new and traditional storytelling.
Job Responsibilities:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Draft written materials, including speeches, releases, quotes, video scripts, social
media posts, and e-newsletters.
Monitor local and national news, and social media; manage daily press clips;
maintain press lists.
Assist with franked communications strategy, including creating digital ads.
Manage website and digital archives.
StaS Member at DC-based events; take photos and videos.
Other duties as assigned.

To Apply :
Spanish language proficiency is strongly preferred. This position occasionally requires
working nights and weekends. Salary will be commensurate with experience. Entry-level
and experienced candidates are both encouraged to apply. We will consider applicants on
a rolling basis.

To apply, please email Castro.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Press Assistant –
[Name]” in the subject line and the following application materials attached as one
combined PDF.
•
•
•
•

Cover Letter
Resume
Writing Sample
Digital Sample

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

Staff Assistant - MEM-239-26
Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full-time Staff Assistant in her
Washington, DC office to start in the beginning of September 2026. This role provides a
unique entry level opportunity to work closely with a highly active Member of Congress. The
staff assistant reports to the scheduler and chief of staff, and responsibilities include
driving the Member, helping execute her daily schedule, providing logistical support for
events and meetings, managing the front office and the internship program, coordinating
tours and constituent requests, processing incoming phone calls, mail, and other
inquiries, providing operational, administrative, and technological support for the office
and staff, and performing other duties as assigned.
Applicants should be detail-oriented, proactive, calm under pressure, able to exercise
discretion, eager to work in a fast-paced office, and willing to work flexible—and often
long—hours when the Member is in DC. This is not a 9-5 job. Strong communication,
logistical, interpersonal, and organizational skills are essential. Applicants must have a
valid driver’s license, a clean driving record, and should be comfortable driving in DC.
Access to a personal car is preferred, although not required.
TO APPLY: please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (maximum of 1-2
pages), and two reference contacts (name, title, email, phone, and relationship) in a
single pdf file to ct03jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant: Your
name (First/Last).” This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages all
qualified candidates to apply. Connecticut ties are a plus.

Communications and Correspondence Assistant- MEM-238-26
The Communications and Correspondence Assistant supports district-based efforts to
communicate and liaise with stakeholders and key audiences in person and across
platforms. The Communications and Correspondence Assistant manages the

Congresswoman’s district communications with constituents. They build out coordinated
outreach and comms plans that leverage opportunities to highlight local leaders/networks
in the district, increase commendations, convene and connect, create press and social
media pop moments, maximize Office visibility, and build the opt-in list.
The position is based in-district. Regular travel between Chicago and DuPage County will
be required. The ideal candidate is a team player who can juggle multiple projects, deliver
high-quality, professional work quickly under high pressure and with tight deadlines,
develop and implement new ideas, take and implement feedback effectively, and stay
organized. The position assumes flexible hours, including long hours, nights, and
weekends, as needed.
Areas of Responsibility include:
•
•

•
•

•
•

Outreach and Field: Implement the OSice’s aligned comms and outreach plan and
strategy, representing the Congresswoman in the ﬁeld.
Digital Content Development: Support the OSice’s bilingual (SPAN/ENG) digital
strategy
and website maintenance in collaboration with the Communications Director.
District Press Support: Assist in the execution of the OSice’s media and public
relations
strategy for the Member.
Event Planning and Management: Support the execution of press conferences,
tele-town
halls, and other events in both Washington, D.C., and the District.
Administration: Coordinate across functions to advance strategic priorities.
Performs other duties as assigned.

Qualifications:
•
•
•
•

•
•

Experience: 1-2 years of experience in ﬁeld or communications for elected oSicials,
government agencies, non-proﬁt organizations, or similar entities.
Fluency in Spanish is highly preferred.
Community Relations Skills: Strong ability to build relationships with a broad
range of
government and community stakeholders.
Exceptional Communication Skills: Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
Track
record of action-oriented/persuasive writing yielding results.
Media Proﬁciency: Strong understanding of print, broadcast, and online media.
Digital Proﬁciency: Functional understanding of Canva, Adobe Pro, and other
platforms
for communication, design and engagement.

•
•

•

Team Player: Ability to build and maintain positive working relationships and to
coordinate eSorts to reduce silos. Willingness to accept direction and
performance-based criticism in stride, adapt, and deliver.
Detail and Deadline-Oriented: Capable of producing high-quality communications
materials quickly, under tight deadlines with limited support. Track record of
exceptional
planning and time management. Ability to work under pressure, and comfortable
balancing multiple responsibilities at once.
Strategic Thinker: Politically savvy and skilled at navigating challenging situations
with
constituents, the press and staS.

BIPOC, LGBTQIA, and those with Chicago/DuPage County/Cook County Illinois ties are
encouraged to apply.
Salary Range: $50,000-60,000
Physical Requirements/Work Environment:
•
•
•
•

Work is performed in an oSice environment.
Noise levels in the oSice are usually moderate.
Ability to operate a vehicle.
Ability to work in a small workstation without expectation of privacy.

•

Ability to work flexible hours, including long hours, nights, and weekends, as
needed.
Physically able to lift and maneuver items weighing up to 25 lbs, such as supply
inventory, small oSice equipment and audio-visual equipment.
Ability to sit or stand for extended periods of time
Ability to use a computer to complete assignments
Ability to communicate with individuals and groups in person, by phone and
computer

•
•
•
•

Our office is committed to promoting diversity and inclusivity. The office is an equal
opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion,
disability, genetic information, national origin, uniformed service, marital status, parental
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
How to Apply: Please submit your resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Jobs.DeliaRamirez@mail.house.gov with “Communications and Correspondence
Assistant (First Name Last Name)” in the subject line.

