Member and Committee Openings
Week of April 7, 2025
MEM-121-25
The bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus is seeking an experienced Communications
Director to join its office in Washington, D.C. The Communications Director will be
responsible for developing and executing the Problem Solvers Caucus’ communications
strategy.
Responsibilities include writing press releases, pitching stories and responding to reporter
inquiries, creating and posting social media content, booking interviews with national and
local press outlets, writing internal and external newsletters, compiling press clips,
managing the caucus’ website, and other duties as assigned.
This is not an entry-level position.
The ideal candidate will have prior experience working on Capitol Hill, excellent written and
oral communications skills, and be proficient in photo and video editing and graphic
design. They will also be detail-oriented, organized, and highly motivated to serve on a
small, collaborative team.
This is a bipartisan office, and candidates must be comfortable working for both
Democratic and Republican Members. To apply, please email a resume, cover letter, and
two writing samples in a single PDF to problemsolverscaucus@gmail.com with the subject
line “Communications Director.”

MEM-127-25
Press Secretary/ Digital Director
Pennsylvania Republican is looking for a Press Secretary/Digital Director to join a fastpaced, media-heavy communications team in the D.C. office.
This position reports directly to the Communications Director and is ideal for a highly
motivated individual who excels in a high-energy, deadline-driven environment. The right
candidate will have strong writing and editing skills, experience in digital content creation,
website editing, and the ability to quickly adapt to the fast-moving political landscape.

Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Assist the Communications Director in drafting and editing press releases,

statements, floor speeches, and op-eds
• Draft the Member’s weekly newsletters
• Manage the Member’s social media pages—draft posts, create graphics, and keep
engagement growing
• Clip media interviews and monitor mentions
• Update and maintain content on the Member’s official website
• Assist Communications Director with media prep for interviews and other public
appearances
• Keep the Member informed of breaking news and media coverage
• Assist in executing the Franking plan
Prior experience on Capitol Hill is preferred but not required. To apply, please send a
resume to PaPressSecJob@gmail.com.

MEM-126-25
The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director. The LD will
drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing and implementing the
strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals; supervise and mentor the legislative
staff while advising on the Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own
legislative portfolio with the Agriculture Committee.
The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior leadership team
to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall operations. The LD will also help
ensure coordination between DC and district offices on important legislative updates and
district-based events and projects. This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill
experience and knowledge of the legislative process are required. The successful
applicant will have crisp and thorough written and oral communications skills, an
entrepreneurial and self-starting attitude, strong attention to detail, creativity, and be a
team player. Supervisory experience and expertise on agricultural policy is strongly
preferred. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or sexual
orientation.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to
nc12.resume@mail.house.gov. Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or
other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as
candidates with North Carolina ties. Due to the volume of applications, we receive, we will

only contact you if we decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct
emails, or walk-ins.

MEM-125-25
Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR) is seeking a Press Assistant/Deputy Press
Secretary in her district office to join an aggressive, fast-paced communications team. The
ideal candidate will have excellent writing, editing, and photography skills. Additionally,
they will assist the Communications Director in drafting releases, talking points, speeches,
and quotes for in-district press events, maintaining press lists, distributing daily press
clips, and staffing the Member at district-based press events. Strong proofreading and
copyediting skills are a must. This role primarily assists the Communications Director with
drafting outgoing communications. Candidates seeking to join a highly active press team
across national, local, and digital media with opportunities for growth are encouraged to
apply.
Essential Job Functions:
• Assist the Communications Director with drafting press releases, quotes,
statements,
• speeches and talking points.
• Compile and distribute daily press clips.
• Help identify and cultivate relationships with local reporters and content creators in
• the district.
• Sta` and manage reporter interactions with the Member at OR-based press events;
Work with the District O`ice and Digital Manager to publicize constituent services
and
• events.
• Manage live-streaming and photography at OR-based press conferences and
events.
• Support the District O`ice with events.
• Work well under pressure and with quick turnarounds
This is a full-time position based in district that often requires availability on nights and
weekends to support the Member’s communications plan and District Office operations.
The position requires attention to detail and strong written and oral communication skills
along with the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment. Spanish
fluency is a plus but not required. The salary range for this position is $55,000-$60,000,
depending on experience, with full benefits including up to $833/month in student loan
repayments; health, dental, andvision insurance; and both defined-benefit and definedcontribution retirement plans.
Please email a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples in a single PDF

to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with “First Name Last Name—Press Assistant/Deputy
PressSecretary” in the Subject Line. Applicants may also provide one example of their
digital designwork and/or photography (this is optional but not required). Applications will
be accepted on a rolling basis. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status, or any other characteristic protected by
applicable law.

MEM-124-25
The office of Congresswoman Kim Schrier seeks a District Director to manage the district
offices in Issaquah and Wenatchee. This is an in-office position based in Issaquah, WA
with driving travel around the district required.
The District Director serves as the Rep. Schrier’s senior staffer in the Congressional
District. This position reports to the Chief of Staff and works closely with the Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and Communications Director to establish strategies, plans, and
activities for the Member. Additionally, the District Director represents the Member at
events and meetings throughout the local community. The District Director also manages
the nine-person district team overseeing operations, workflow, assignments of
responsibilities, and performance of the team.
Essential duties:
• Collaborates with the Member, Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and Communications
Director to ensure district office strategies and operating plans align with the Member's
strategic vision and goals
• Oversees the Member’s in-district schedule and scheduling requests, working with the
Outreach Director to plan and prioritize a schedule of events and meetings
• Attends events, meets with local groups, and communicates with local elected officials
in the district to serve as a representative on behalf of the Member
• Oversees the Member's constituent casework activities with Federal departments and
agencies, working with the Casework Director, to monitor progress and schedule meetings
as necessary
• Understands and navigates differing perspectives and opinions to resolve conflicts and
develop solutions effectively
• Interviews, selects, and trains employees of district offices to ensure the offices are
appropriately staffed
• Plans, assigns, and directs work of employees in district offices to manage staff and
evaluate their work
• Partners with the Member’s communications team to plan district-based media and
press events

Prior experience working for Congress or elected officials is preferred. Candidates should
demonstrate a strong commitment to public service; ability to work as part of a dynamic
team; excellent oral and written communication skills; and knowledge of federal agencies
and the political process. Applicants should have prior management experience and a
minimum of 5 years of professional experience. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent
combination of education and experience preferred.
Knowledge of the 8th Congressional District and ties to Washington state are desired. A
valid Washington state driver’s license and access to a reliable vehicle is required, as this
job will involve travel around the district (with reimbursable milage). Some evening and
weekend work is required. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages
candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Salary: $90,000 - $110,000 annually depending on experience, plus matched retirement,
health, vision, and dental insurance purchased through the DC exchange with employer
contribution, and optional federal student loan repayment plan.
To be considered, please submit a cover letter and resume with references to
WA08resumes@gmail.com with “District Director” in the subject line. No phone calls or
drop-ins, please. Interested applicants should apply by April 9th.

MEM-123-25
CASEWORKER AND FIELD REPRESENTATIVE

The Caseworker / Field Representative manages incoming casework requests with care,
promptness and high-touch constituent service; and monitors and updates the Deputy
Chief of Staff on district and local issues. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district,
and local agencies for the Congressman and constituents and answers casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents in a timely and
professional manner.
Salary: $60,000 per year
Reports to: Director of Constituent Services & Deputy Chief of Staff
Primary location: Brooklyn District Office (Sunset Park, Brooklyn NY)
Submit your resume and cover letter to jobs.goldman@mail.house.gov.
Subject line should note: Your Name - Caseworker / Field Rep
Essential Roles & Responsibilities:
• Acts as the representative for the Congressman within the area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
• Manages casework assigned to them.
• Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the Deputy Chief and Director of Constituent Services

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to city and state o`ices.
Logs all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework.
Prepares periodic reports for the Director of Constituent Services on pending cases
and for the Deputy Chief on district activities in their assigned issue areas.
Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner.
Maintains up-to-date ﬁles on all cases and categories of information of importance
to the o`ice.
Serves as a liaison to community boards, precinct councils, and other community
groups.
Meets attendance requirements as established by the o`ice.
Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, sta`, and
constituents.
Works well under pressure and handles stress.
Works a ﬂexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualiﬁcations:
A minimum 1 year in a government o`ice in a similar role.
Bilingual (Spanish language) skills strongly preferred.
Candidate Attributes:
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner.
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is
involved; Professional telephone manner.
Ability to perform the essential job functions above.
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities.
Work with compassion, empathy and patience for constituents.
Knowledge of o`ice policies, practices, and procedures.
Knowledge of o`ice computer applications; and
Proﬁciency in word processing.

The office of Congressman Dan Goldman is committed to diversity among its staff and
recognizes that the success of its operations requires the highest commitment to
obtaining and retaining a diverse staff. We are an equal opportunity employer and prohibit
discrimination in employment, promotion, compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges
of employment on the basis of gender, physical and or mental disability, race, age,

national origin, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family status,
religion, veteran’s status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
MEM-122-25
The office of Representative Maxwell Frost (D-FL) is seeking a dynamic and creative
individual to join our communications team as a Creative Director. This is a fast-paced,
progressive environment with a forward-thinking principal who is not afraid to try new
things. This office prides itself on fostering a collaborative work environment where
creativity, teamwork, and an outside-the-box approach are highly valued. A passion for
digital strategy, visual storytelling, and innovative political communication is a must. This
is not an entry-level position.
The Creative Director will work closely with and report to the Communications Director to
help shape and execute the visual and digital strategy for the Representative’s publicfacing and internal initiatives, and offer strategic digital insight and assistance related to
the Member’s leadership role as part of the Democratic Policy and Communications
Committee. This role will manage the day-to-day operations of the office’s design work and
digital content, including but not limited to graphic design, social media assets, digital
video, website visuals, and email campaigns.
Key Responsibilities:
Digital Strategy & Creative Leadership -- Lead the development and execution of innovative
digital strategies to elevate the Representative’s presence on social media, websites,
email campaigns, and other digital platforms. Ensure that all creative work is aligned with
the office’s values and goals.
Graphic Design & Visual Communication -- Design high-quality graphics for digital and
print materials, including social media assets, infographics, posters, digital ads, and more,
all in line with the Member’s existing branding and style guide. Expertise in the Adobe
Creative Suite is required.
Content Creation & Coordination -- Collaborate with the Communications Director,
Legislative and District teams, and Member to create compelling multimedia content. This
includes coordinating the production of graphics, videos, and other creative content for
various platforms – from ideation to creation.
Media Buys & Metrics & Evaluation -- Make strategic suggestions for paid communications
campaigns on various digital platforms and assist in tracking the effectiveness of creative
strategies, using data and feedback to iterate and improve future content. Monitor the
performance of digital content across platforms, adjusting strategies as needed.

Artist & Influencer Relations -- Collaborate with the Communications Director help
maintain and establish relationships with artists and digital thought leaders and content
creators through strategic partnership opportunities aimed at advancing the Member’s
policy and legislative initiatives. Our office is uniquely plugged into local and national
music and creative arts issues so a passion for this is a plus.
Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

At least 2-3 years of experience in creative or digital strategy, with a focus on graphic
design and content creation.
Prior experience working in political campaigns, progressive causes, or government
o`ices is preferred.
Advanced proﬁciency in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign,
After E`ects, Premiere Pro) and other design tools.
Strong understanding of digital platforms and the role of design in social media,
online engagement, and web communication.
Experience with digital video production and editing.
Ability to juggle multiple projects and work under tight deadlines in a fast-paced,
team-oriented environment.
Strong attention to detail and a keen eye for visual storytelling and design.
Florida and Orlando ties are a plus.

Compensation:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Salary range is $70,000 -$90,000, commensurate with experience.
Health, dental, and vision beneﬁts.
Generous paid leave, including vacation, sick days, and parental leave.
Generous student loan repayment program.
Retirement plan options.
Opportunities for professional development and training.

To Apply:
Visit repfrost.us/CreativeDirector

MEM-121-25
The bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus is seeking an experienced Communications
Director to join its office in Washington, D.C. The Communications Director will be
responsible for developing and executing the Problem Solvers Caucus’ communications
strategy.
Responsibilities include writing press releases, pitching stories and responding to reporter
inquiries, creating and posting social media content, booking interviews with national and

local press outlets, writing internal and external newsletters, compiling press clips,
managing the caucus’ website, and other duties as assigned.
This is not an entry-level position.
The ideal candidate will have prior experience working on Capitol Hill, excellent written and
oral communications skills, and be proficient in photo and video editing and graphic
design. They will also be detail-oriented, organized, and highly motivated to serve on a
small, collaborative team.
This is a bipartisan office, and candidates must be comfortable working for both
Democratic and Republican Members. To apply, please email a resume, cover letter, and
two writing samples in a single PDF to problemsolverscaucus@gmail.com with the subject
line “Communications Director.”

MEM-119-25
Congresswoman Luz Rivas (CA-29) is seeking a motivated, creative, and
collaborative Press/Digital Assistant based in Los Angeles in a full-time capacity.
This position is responsible for working with the Communications Director
and District Director to identify press and digital opportunities in the District; develop
branded content for social media, including graphics, videos, and photos of the Member.
Additionally, this position will staff and advance press and community events in
the District with the Member; compile and distribute daily press clips; track media
coverage; develop promotional materials of the Member’s events; and build relationships
with local reporters and outlets. Additionally, this position will assist the Communications
Director in drafting quotes and press releases; developing newsletters; and drafting
constituent outreach materials such as resource packets, and other duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will have excellent writing and verbal skills; editing and digital experience,
including experience in graphic design and video editing; sound editorial judgement; a
baseline understanding of the key stakeholders in the District; as well as the ability to work
well and respectfully with others in a fast-paced environment. This role regularly interacts
with reporters, producers, and other communications staff and should have a friendly and
professional demeanor and an ability to exercise political savvy and discretion. Ties to
California’s 29th Congressional District are a plus. Diverse and bilingual candidates are
encouraged to apply.
This position works closely with the Communications Director and District Director.
Candidates should have prior experience working with media and press and creating digital
content. The position requires the flexibility to work long hours, including nights and
weekends. Diverse and bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply.

This is an entry-level position but may be expanded for the right candidate with more
experience. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, one
writing sample and one creative sample in a single PDF document
to CA29jobs@gmail.com with the following subject line: “District Press/DigitalAssistant [candidate’s full name]”.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex (including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.

MEM-118-25
Rep. Kevin Mullin (CA-15), a member of the House Energy & Commerce Committee, is
seeking a Legislative Assistant in his Washington, DC office to manage part of his
committee work, including health care, commerce, telecom, consumer protection, and
other areas within the committee’s jurisdiction. Primary responsibilities include drafting
memos and briefing materials, developing legislation, preparing and staffing Rep. Mullin in
committee hearings and markups, conducting policy research, tracking legislative issues,
maintaining and fostering relationships with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy
groups, and supporting the legislative team with additional assignments as needed.
This is not an entry level position. The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of prior legislative
or policy experience, with significant education and/or work experience in health
policy. Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are required. This position will
report to the Legislative Director.
Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. Our office is committed to fostering an
inclusive workplace and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military status, age, or national
origin. Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, two references, and a
writing sample (no more than one page) as a single PDF
at https://kevinmullin.house.gov/contact/hiring/ by April 16, 2025.

MEM-117-25
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include assisting
the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining the Committee’s
website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee
correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and
entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a non-partisan position
which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from
political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a
professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and
Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good

judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily
tasks and projects. Applicants with experience or interest in learning information
technology assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position
with a starting salary of $52,003 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-116-25
Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib, representing Michigan’s 12th Congressional District, is
seeking an experienced, organized and highly motivated Legislative Director to lead our
office’s legislative work and strategy. The Legislative Director provides visionary and
strategic planning on legislative priorities and helps with implementation of these priorities
based on the district, member and office goals. The Legislative Director will be responsible
for leading implementation of district and Rep. Tlaib’s core issues which include economic
justice, environmental justice, housing affordability, corporate accountability and so much
more.
Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+, and other members of other marginalized
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Deadline to apply is Monday, April 14th. To
apply, please email Rashida.Jobs@mail.house.gov (SUBJECT: Legislative Director, YOUR
NAME) with a cover letter, resume and 2-3 references. The starting salary for this position
is $100,000 and will commensurate with experience. Michigan ties are highly desirable, but
not required. Please see attached job description with further details and qualifications.

MEM-115-25
EXPERIENCED OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR
U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
COMMITTEE ON ETHICS
Director of Administration (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced Office Administrator to serve as the Director of Administration for the
Committee. The Director of Administration will oversee the Committee’s administrative,
financial, and human resource functions. The Director will manage the nonpartisan

administrative staff who are responsible for ensuring a high level of customer service to the
House community as well as the efficient operation of the Committee’s work.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to maintain strict confidentiality,
to serve all Members of Congress equally, and to refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess a minimum of 5 years of experience with government
administrative, financial, or human resource processes; outstanding analytical and written
and oral communication skills; and sound judgment.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is also desirable: CAO finance and human
resource processes, office administration, and familiarity with Congress. Previous
management experience and proficiency with PeopleSoft and Finmart preferred. Salary
range $132,638 to $140,667. Please email resume, cover letter, and a list of references to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Director of Administration” in the
subject line.

MEM-113-25
The U.S. House Committee on Foreign Affairs Majority seeks experienced Export
Controls Professional with a background in legislative authorization processes. Primary
duties of the role will include day to day oversight of the Commerce Department’s Bureau
of Industry and Security and International Trade Administration. In addition, employee will
support overseeing and authorizing the State Department’s Bureau of South and Central
Asia and Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs (R) family. Candidates should have previous
foreign policy experience in the Legislative and/ or Executive branches.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
HFACGOP.Resumes@mail.house.gov, with the following subjective line: “HFAC SCA
Vacancy”

MEM-112-25
SCHEDULER & OPERATIONS COORDINATOR
OFFICE of CONGRESSMAN RO KHANNA
SUMMARY: Congressman Ro Khanna’s district office in Santa Clara has an immediate
opening for a Scheduler & Operations Coordinator, which offers responsibility for a range
of scheduling, administrative, community outreach and casework duties. This is a nonsupervisory, exempt position. The starting salary is $71,000 per year. The application
process may include several interviews and a practical test of relevant skills. There is one
current job vacancy, and the office has the right to fill any number of positions vacant or
becoming vacant during the life of postings.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS :
Scheduling and Operations Duties
• Coordinate with district o`ice and Washington DC sta` -- especially our Senior
Advisor for Scheduling (in DC) -- and directly with Rep. Khanna to set up, schedule
and facilitate the congressman’s meetings and engagements both in the
congressional district and across the country.
• Ensure all necessary information is on the calendar including ﬂights, hotels, and
background information on meetings, and provide a daily check on the calendar that
gets sent to the Chief, District Director and DC Senior Advisor for Scheduling.
• Work with fellow sta` members on a variety of tasks and projects that directly
beneﬁt our constituents.
• Prepare detailed daily itineraries, including contact information, locations, travel
times and sta`ing assignments for those activities.
• In real time, anticipate and stay up to date on schedule changes/obstacles and
communicate them to Rep. Khanna and sta`.
• Maintain prioritized listings of upcoming events and potential constituent meetings
for future visits.
• Serve as the default driver for Rep. Khanna when he is in the San Francisco Bay Area
and be physically present whenever the Member is in the o`ice.
• Perform administrative duties that facilitate logistical operations in the local o`ice,
such as overseeing equipment and supplies, assisting with o`ice administration, as
well as answering phones, logging calls and helping to serve walk-in constituents.
Community Outreach, Casework, General Duties
• The position also involves representing the Congressman in a variety of community
activities, including interacting with leaders of community groups and local
organizations, as well as local and state elected o`icials and stakeholders.
• The duties include special project coordination and helping the sta` team manage
monthly town hall meetings and special events hosted by the Congressman, such
as issues-based forums and roundtable meetings.
• Another secondary role will be casework, helping residents resolve problems with
federal government agencies, including US Citizenship & Immigration Services,
Department of State, Veterans A`airs and Social Security Administration. The sta`
member will liaison to federal agencies and state/local representatives and
responds to constituent inquiries through written and oral communication.
• The Scheduler & Operations Coordinator is expected to both work in the o`ice and
perform activities out in the community as outlined below under Work Conditions,
Schedule and Beneﬁts.
• The successful candidate will also help train and mentor student interns.

EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE): A bachelor’s degree with strong academic
credentials, or equivalent experience/training in legislation or public service (e.g.,
casework, constituent service, community outreach) is required.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others (both co-workers and
constituents). Past customer service experience is strongly preferred.
• Strong oral and written communication skills, as well as public speaking
experience.
• Professional telephone manner and temperament to communicate with a variety of
personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
• Must have a driver’s license, ready access to a car and the ability to drive to both
sta` Rep. Khanna and perform ﬁeld work.
• Residency in the district is preferred, as is a knowledge of the region.
• Knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments; and awareness of
issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is involved.
• Thoroughness, organizational skills, and careful attention to detail.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities.
• Knowledge of o`ice policies, practices, and procedures; o`ice computer
applications; and proﬁciency in word processing.
WORK CONDITIONS, SCHEDULE and BENEFITS:
• The Scheduler & Operations Coordinator is a represented position, eligible to join
the Congressional Workers Union.
• The Scheduler & Operations Coordinator reports to the Director of Constituent
Services and works closely with the Senior Advisor for Scheduling, Operations and
Special Projects. The District O`ice is managed by the District Director and the
Chief of Sta`, or their designee.
• Work is mainly performed in an o`ice environment. Noise levels are usually low to
moderate. Sta` may have small workstations.
• Work schedule: The district o`ice functions on a hybrid basis, with each sta`
member expected to be based in the physical o`ice three days a week and allowed
to work from home two days a week. The o`ice is open 9:00am-5:00pm MondayFriday, with a full lunch hour. In addition, sta` are expected to be monitoring for any
scheduling issues that could arise outside of normal work hours. Commensurate
ﬂex time (time o` during the week) within proscribed standards will be granted upon
request.
• Beneﬁts: Sta` currently accrue 1.25 days of annual leave per month, which totals
15 days per year (6 of which may be carried over to the following year). 15 annual
Sick/Mental Health Days are granted at the start of each year. Flex time is also
allowed for necessities such as emergencies, medical appointments, short-term

needs, etc. Other beneﬁts include the opportunity to participate in group health
insurance, retirement savings, a potential annual bonus, etc.
TO APPLY: The Office of U.S. Congressman Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer;
we do not discriminate based on race, color, religion or lack thereof, national origin, sex,
gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital or family status, disability, arrest history,
military service, organizing activity, or any ground that is specifically prohibited by law or
regulation applicable to the Office; all are welcome and encouraged to apply. Note that all
successful candidates must meet citizenship-related requirements and undergo a security
check.
Please e-mail a cover letter, brief writing sample and resume to District Director Tom Pyke
(tom.pyke@mail.house.gov) and Director of Constituent Services Simeone Chien
(simeone.chien@mail.house.gov). Phone (408) 436-2720

MEM-111-25
District Office Staff Assistant, Rep. Dina Titus
Rep. Dina Titus seeks an organized and detail-oriented Staff Assistant for her Las Vegas
office. Primary responsibilities include managing the front office, answering and logging
telephone calls, coordinating constituent requests, assisting with constituent
correspondence, recruiting and supervising interns, and other administrative duties.
Candidates should be motivated self-starters with excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal communication skills, strong organizational skills, an ability to think quickly
when troubleshooting, and a positive demeanor in a busy environment. State and local
government or other relevant experience is preferred.
Candidates with a diverse background, Nevada state ties, and Spanish-language
proficiency are strongly encouraged to apply. Rep. Titus is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
Those interested in applying should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and one short writing
sample to NV01Jobs@gmail.com subject: “District Office Staff Assistant”. Applications
will be accepted on a rolling basis and will remain open until the position is filled.

MEM-110-25
Legislative Assistant, Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07)
Position Location: Washington, DC
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking an experienced
Senior Legislative Assistant to handle a comprehensive portfolio that could include
the following issues: tax, financial services, housing, childcare, education, and
labor. The issue set will depend on the candidate’s experience and interests. We
encourage individuals with legislative, research and writing experience to apply
and we will discuss the issue set more in depth through the interview process.
This position requires the ability to advance Congresswoman Jayapal's legislative
priorities in their issue portfolio. The ideal candidate will come with previous
legislative experience, including the knowledge and abilities to drive issues with
traditional legislative tools (i.e. committee work, bill introductions) as well as
organizing tools (i.e. events with partners, in district town halls).
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Driving current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
• legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as
• speeches, policy memos, and factsheets.
• Preparing and sta`ing the Congresswoman for relevant committee hearing
• and markups; drafting hearing remarks and questions.
• Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders.
• Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal
• stakeholders including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow
• Congressional and Committee o`ices; and
• Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
• 4 -6 years of relevant experience including policy development and analysis.
• Issue advocacy; and strategic planning.
• Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values.
• Excellent writing and time management skills.
• Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
• appropriate for the o`ice.
• Poised, level-headed, ﬂexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
• Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
Compensation: Salary is $70,000 - 85,000 and will depend on experience. The

position offers health coverage; retirement benefits with an employer match; paid
sick, bereavement, and vacation leave; transit or parking benefits; access to life
insurance coverage; and access to the Student Loan Repayment Program.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.
Applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and references
in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov. Please include your full name and
“Senior Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-108-25
Digital Assistant
Location: Charleston, South Carolina
Republican member in Charleston, SC is seeking a motivated Digital Assistant to support
our digital communications efforts. This role will involve engaging with constituents
through social media, assisting in content creation, and helping manage the office's online
presence. The Digital Assistant will work closely with the Digital Director to ensure the
office’s social media strategy aligns with our values and priorities, while fostering positive
engagement with the community.
Application Process:
To apply, please send your resume, a brief cover letter, and any relevant social media or
content samples to sydney.long@mail.house.gov.

MEM-107-25
Scheduler|Executive Assistant – Rep. Nanette Barragán (CA-44)
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced Scheduler for her
Washington, DC office.
The salary range for this position is $55,000 - $80,000, depending on experience and
qualifications.
Main responsibilities include:
• maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term schedules for both DC and the
District.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

organizing and evaluating all incoming meeting requests and invitations.
keeping the Member on schedule throughout the day.
working with legislative and communications sta` to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings.
coordinating travel arrangements;
processing and managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member;
supporting planning and scheduling for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus related
to the Chairwoman.
Facilitate weekly scheduling meetings with the Member and Chief of Sta` to
evaluate meeting requests;
Coordinating with the Member and Chief of Sta` regarding political scheduling
requests.
Communicating with constituents by phone and email to address requests.
Driving the Member and sta`ing the Member at events.
And additional administrative responsibilities as necessary.

Candidates should be:
• highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task;
• resourceful and self-starters.
• Team-oriented.
• proﬁcient in Microsoft Outlook, Word, and Excel.
• Proﬁcient in Google Suite applications.
• Able to work well under pressure and on tight timelines; and have a positive
attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including some
weekend availability as needed.
Previous experience in scheduling or operations is preferred. Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Southern California | Los Angeles Metro area ties, access to a car, and Spanish fluency are
a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-105-25
The Office of Congressional Conduct (OCC), an independent, non-partisan investigative
entity established by the United States House of Representatives, seeks an Investigative
Support Analyst with 2-6 years of experience. The Investigative Support Analyst provides
operational, administrative, and strategic support to the OCC in its sensitive inquiries into
allegations of possible violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by
current Members, Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives.
The OCC is seeking candidates interested in supporting ethics and transparency within the
House of Representatives. The Investigative Support Analyst would join a small,
Washington, DC-based, investigative team.
The ideal candidate for this position is highly motivated and proactive with a significant
interest in anti-corruption enforcement (or related disciplines). They should have
experience developing and implementing small-scale projects, using data analytics tools
to inform strategic decision making, and supporting executive leadership all with minimal
oversight.
Core Responsibilities:
• Assume primary responsibility for managing documentary evidence submitted to
the OCC from the public and in the course of its investigations;
• Perform legal research, data analysis, and document review to support OCC
investigations;
• Develop, manage, and implement key administrative, operational, and logistical
processes; and
• Otherwise support OCC Investigative Counsel investigations as required.
Requirements:
• Bachelor’s degree;
• Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
and U.S. Capitol Police Background Investigation; and
• At least two years of research, consulting, analyst, or other investigative experience.
Qualifications:
• Experience with Casepoint or other eDiscovery and litigation support platforms;
• Legal research skills;
• Strong organizational skills;
• Strong interpersonal skills and professionalism;
• Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word;
• Desirable but not required:
o Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
o Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;

•

o Experience writing reports or legal documents;
o Experience developing and improving business processes; and
o Experience using data analytics tools (i.e., Excel, Power Query, R, Python) for
investigative and exploratory analysis.
Demonstrated ability to:
o Work independently or as part of an investigative team;
o Communicate technical findings to a non-technical audience;
o Manage multiple tasks and projects; and
o Exercise discretion and independent judgment.

Duties:
• Gather publicly available information/records related to potential new matters
and/or ongoing matters;
• Conduct ongoing research and case development projects;
• Support Investigative Counsels on cases to include:
o Reviewing documentary evidence;
o Reviewing transcripts for errors and redactions;
o Reviewing written work product;
• eDiscovery database management to include:
o Import/export evidence for internal review purposes and external transmittal
to the House Committee on Ethics;
o Bates stamp documents;
• Prepare exhibits for final reports;
• Case records and file maintenance;
• Supporting administrative functions directly related to investigations and serve as
backup for other administrative functions as needed; and
• Other duties as required.
Applicant Instructions:
Please send a one-page cover letter and resume via email to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Conduct
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCCJOB@mail.house.gov
Applications submitted to anywhere other than the above email address may not be
reviewed.

MEM-104-25
House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs (Majority)
Healthcare Investigator
The House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs Majority staff seeks a Healthcare Investigator
Core Responsibilities:
•

•
•
•

Under the supervision of the Staff Director of the Subcommittee on Health, the
individual will conduct oversight of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
Veterans Health Administration and affiliated VA Central office organizations
Collect technical information and translate it into briefings, memoranda, hearing
materials, and policy recommendations for a general audience.
Meet with congressional staff, veteran service organizations, industry organizations,
and internal and external stakeholders.
Perform other duties as assigned by the General Counsel, Committee Deputy Staff
Director, and Committee Staff Director.

Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Undergraduate degree or higher
Clinical expertise preferred by not required
Work experience investigating an executive branch agency or healthcare system
Knowledge of healthcare policy and procedures for a large healthcare organization
Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
Excellent oral communication skills
Thoroughness and attention to detail
Discretion and sound judgment in formulating and recommending policy positions
Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and
courteous
Work independently as well as in teams
This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
Domestic travel is required.
This is not an entry level position.

Benefits:
•
•
•
•
•

Sick and Annual Leave
Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
Thrift Savings Plan
Federal Employees Group Life Insurance Program
Federal Long-Term Care Insurance

•
•
•
•

Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Federal Transit Benefit or parking
Student Loan Repayment Program

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Transportation and
all related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid
by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume
to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Healthcare Investigator” in the subject line.
Writing samples and references may be requested. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-103-25
Health Policy Advisor/ Counsel – Congressman Vern Buchanan (FL-16)
Congressman Vern Buchanan (FL-16) is seeking an experienced Legislative staffer/
Health Care Specialist to oversee his Ways and Means Health Chair policy portfolio.
Qualified candidates will have several years of experience handling health policy in a
legislative role on the Hill, the Administration or in the private sector, as well as substantial
knowledge of legislative process and committee procedures. Strong research, writing and
communication skills are also a must. All resumes handled in strict confidence. Title and
salary commensurate with experience.
Email resume and cover letter to: blake.nolan@mail.house.gov

MEM-100-25
Military Legislative Assistant (Rep. Tony Gonzales, TX-23)
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
1. to develop legislative initiatives related to a national security portfolio, including
cybersecurity, veterans, foreign affairs, and armed services.
2. to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor;
3. to meet with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:

1. at least 1 year of legislative experience in a full-time, paid position or legislative
fellowship
2. prior Capitol Hill experience is strongly preferred
3. excellent oral and written communication skills;
4. thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
5. ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
6. ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
7. ability to work well under pressure;
8. thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted
in subject line.

MEM-095-25
Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks an experienced Communications Director to join
his office in Washington, D.C. The Communications Director will be responsible for
developing and executing a communications plan, writing press releases, statements, and
talking points, maintaining relationships and booking interviews with national and local
press outlets, pitching stories, responding to reporter inquiries, creating and posting social
media posts, compiling news clips, managing the Member’s website, assisting with the
offices’ outreach program, and managing a district based Press/Digital Assistant, and
other duties as assigned. The Communications Director is expected to advance press
events and staff the Member as needed. The Communications Director will collaborate
closely with the Chief of Staff, District Director, Legislative Director, and other staff as
appropriate.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have previous communications
experience, possess exceptional writing skills, be proficient in photo and video editing and
graphic design tools, and be organized. Candidates should be detail-oriented and highly
motivated to serve on an active team. Ideal candidates will have experience working in a
fast-paced environment and are prepared to implement a communications plan.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Rhode Island ties are a plus.
The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital
or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national
origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
RI01AmoJobs@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name – Communications
Director.”

MEM-082-25
Field Representative
Office of Congressman Greg Steube (FL-17)
Location: Sarasota, Florida
Salary Range: $55,000 - $75,000 (commensurate with experience)
SUMMARY:
The Field Representative serves as a liaison between Congressman Steube and
constituents, including municipal, county, state, and federal entities, non-profits, and
businesses. This role represents the Congressman at community events, facilitates
casework, and monitors district issues. The ideal candidate should have a strong
understanding of congressional operations and established ties to Southwest Florida.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
• Represent the Congressman at community events and meetings in Florida’s 17th
District, serving as the primary point of contact for local governments,
organizations, and stakeholders.
• Act as a liaison between constituents and the DC o`ice to facilitate federal policy
needs, funding opportunities, and legislative solutions.
• Manage constituent casework, monitor district issues, and support policy
discussions to ensure local concerns are e`ectively communicated and addressed
at the federal level.
• Assist with core district o`ice projects, including Service Academy Nominations
and the Congressional App Challenge.
• Occasionally answer o`ice phones and oversee junior sta` and interns.
• Maintain and update records using the o`ice’s constituent relationship
management system (IQ).
• Work ﬂexible hours, including nights and weekends.
• Perform other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Education: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution.
• Experience: Minimum of 2 years, with strong academic credentials.
• Skills & Knowledge:
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Understanding of the legislative process and government agencies.
• Knowledge of district issues and events.
• Ability to manage multiple priorities and work under pressure.
• Proﬁciency in o`ice software and database management.
• Strong organizational skills and ability to exercise discretion in casework.
Please send resumes to floridarepublicanjobs@gmail.com

MEM-523-24
The Democratic Staff of the House Budget Committee and Ranking Member Brendan F.
Boyle (PA-02) seek a creative and detail-oriented Digital Assistant to support digital
communications and public engagement efforts. This position will be split between the
committee office and personal office and will be based out of Washington D.C.
This position involves creating and scheduling content for social media platforms,
maintaining the committee’s website, producing multimedia materials (graphics, videos,
and infographics), and monitoring digital analytics to optimize outreach. The ideal
candidate will have 1-3 years of experience in digital communications, social media
management, or a similar role (Hill or campaign experience preferred), proficiency with
design and editing tools (e.g., Adobe Creative Suite, Canva), strong writing and editing
skills, and a passion for progressive policymaking.
Candidates should be highly organized, comfortable working under tight deadlines, and
familiar with social media analytics and website content management systems. A
bachelor’s degree in communications, political science, or a related field is preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and the position includes a competitive benefits
package.
This office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values mentorship and
professional development; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status. Candidates with diverse backgrounds,
women, people of color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, email a cover letter, resume, three examples of digital content, and contact
information for three references to budget-democrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with the
subject line: "[Name] – Digital Assistant Application." Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis.

