Member and Committee Openings
Week of August 18, 2025
MEM-277-25
DISTRICT DIRECTOR

OFFICE of CONGRESSWOMAN LAURA GILLEN
The District Director oversees all district office operations. This position develops and
implements policy objectives, strategies and operating plans for the Congresswoman's
district office and directs all activities and staff of the district office.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Manages district oLice staL.
• Represents the Congresswoman and/or assigns appropriate staL to do so in the
• district oLice as needed.
• Plans, assigns and evaluates work of employees in district oLice.
• Interviews, selects and trains employees of district oLice and ensures that district
• oLice staL complies with oLice policies, practices, and procedures.
• Conducts district oLice staL meetings.
• Speaks to local groups when the Congresswoman is unavailable.
• Maintains close communication with the Washington, D.C. oLice.
• Travels throughout the district at regular intervals to keep abreast of local
• concerns.
• Meets with elected oLicials and representatives of local groups on behalf of the
• Congresswoman.
• Schedules meetings with federal and district government agencies as necessary.
• Responds to constituent telephone calls and mail.
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the oLice.
• Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staL, and
• constituents.
• Works well under pressure and handles stress.
• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction.
• Works a ﬂexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
• Performs other duties as assigned.

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A minimum of a bachelor’s degree and five-ten years of related experience in
management and/or legislation or equivalent similar experience is required.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Ability to perform essential job functions above.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
• pleasant, and professional manner.
• Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments.
• An understanding of the district and federal political process.
• Provides necessary organization, supervisory leadership and motivation to
• manage district oLice.
• Excellent oral and written communication skills.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
• Work is mainly performed in an oLice environment. Noise levels are usually
• moderate; and
• Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
TO APPLY: Please email your resume to Sarah Carlson at
sarah.carlson@mail.house.gov

MEM-276-25
Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz is looking for a self-motivated full-time Field
Representative for her Sunrise, FL office. Overall primary responsibilities include serving
as a liaison with federal, state, and/or local agencies and constituent groups, answering
casework correspondence, communicating and meeting with constituents, and executing
district outreach on behalf of the Member.
Some key functions of the position include:
• Meeting with local groups and constituents on behalf of the Congresswoman.
• Proactively seeking opportunities to develop community outreach relationships on behalf
of the Congresswoman.
• Working closely with the District Director and Outreach Director to implement planned
outreach events and to suggest new innovative ideas.
• Representing or speaking on behalf of the Congresswoman at events and local meetings.
• Staying abreast of local news and issues affecting South Florida, particularly Broward
County.
• Monitoring and updating the Congresswoman and senior staff on district and local
issues.

• Responding to casework inquiries from constituents in a timely manner while monitoring
casework for problems requiring legislative action or proper escalations.
• Working a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends.
• Performing other duties as assigned, including driving the Member while in South Florida
as needed.
The successful applicant must have a positive attitude and the genuine desire to serve
constituents contacting Congresswoman Wasserman Schultz for assistance.
• Applicants must possess strong communication, organizational, and writing skills as well
as a strong interest in community outreach.
• Knowledge of the communities of the 25th Congressional district is preferred.
• Additional language proficiency, including in Spanish, is a plus.
• Experience, connections or exposure to working with organizations focused on African
American, faith based, and Caribbean Communities is a plus for the role.
APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: Applicants should submit a cover letter, résumé and a list
of at least three references as one PDF. They should be submitted through the online
portal:
https://resumebank.domewatch.us/start/?code=WPgUOjYoXQf&title=Field%20Represent
ative.
Salary Range: $45,000 - $60,000 (title and compensation commensurate with experience)
If interested, please send the required information by Friday, September 12, 2025, at
5:00PM.

MEM-275-25
House Judiciary Committee Democratic Staff seeks a Staff Assistant to support all
aspects of the Committee’s work. This position is full-time and based in Washington, D.C.
The Staff Assistant will report directly to the Chief Clerk and Staff Director and plays a
critical role in the operations of the full Committee and its subcommittees.
Responsibilities include coordinating logistics for events, and meetings; preparing for and
clerking hearings and markups; answering phone calls, mail, and other inquiries;
processing and logging incoming and outgoing correspondence; proofreading and
formatting memos, letters, and other written materials; supporting the Committee’s
internship program; and other duties as assigned.
All candidates should have superior organizational and time-management skills; excellent
attention to detail; the ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment; and be
comfortable working in a collaborative team environment. Excellent written and verbal
communication skills are essential.

The Judiciary Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and
candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
The application deadline is August 22, 2025. To apply, please send an email to
Job.JDEM@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant - [YOUR NAME]” and
attach the following application materials as one combined PDF: a cover letter, résumé,
and writing sample (not to exceed two pages).
No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-274-25
The Office of Congresswoman Lateefah Simon (D-CA-12) has an immediate need to hire a
Staff Assistant for the Washington, D.C. office in a full-time capacity.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, and three
references in a single document to CA12ls.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Staff Assistant.’ Applications will be considered on a rolling basis, with the position
closing September 1, 2025.
We are building a high-performing congressional office that delivers exceptional service to
constituents, operates with efficiency and professionalism, and works every day toward
justice and equity. We are seeking an extremely motivated individual who thrives in a fastpaced environment, values teamwork, and takes pride in serving the public. This is an
opportunity to join a mission-driven team committed to making government work for the
people it represents.
Position Description:
The Staff Assistant is responsible for managing the front desk during office hours and
provides the first impression of the Member office to constituents, guests, and other VIPs.
This position is also responsible for handling incoming calls, Capitol and other tour
requests, flag requests, administrative office needs, and assists the D.C. office staff with
other work as assigned. The experiences gained in the Staff Assistant role provide a solid
foundation to advance into positions of increasing responsibility.
Starting Salary: $55,000 annually
Reports to: Legislative Director
Job Duties:
• Greets constituents, visitors, and other VIPs to provide a welcoming environment
and positive ﬁrst impression of the oLice.
• Handles incoming calls and captures constituent requests to ensure consideration
by Member oLice.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Works closely with the Director of Operations and Scheduling to ensure constituent
appointments are on time.
Monitors and organizes requests for assistance to ensure that they are directed to
the appropriate staL member in a timely manner.
Signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to ensure timely and
appropriate handling.
Performs general administrative duties as assigned to assist the oLice staL and
Member with work.
Assists with constituent ﬂag requests, tours of the Capitol, and arranging visits to
other national landmarks as part of the oLice’s constituent relations.
Assists the Legislative Correspondent and other legislative staL to process
constituent mail.
Purchases supplies for the oLice to maintain oLice equipment.
Completes special projects as assigned by senior staL.

Skills:
• Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles; easily considers
new approaches.
• Attention to Detail: Performs work thoroughly and accurately, acts conscientiously
and with attention to detail.
• Constituent Service Driven: Anticipates and meets the needs of constituents.
Delivers high-quality and services.
• Interpersonal Skills: Develops and maintains eLective relationships with others
from diverse backgrounds and in diLerent situations. Demonstrates understanding,
courtesy, tact, empathy, and politeness.
Core Skills and Competencies
• Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to draft professional
correspondence and relay information accurately.
• Exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail, able to manage multiple
priorities in a fast-paced environment.
• Proﬁciency with Microsoft OLice Suite, Google Workspace, and standard oLice
technology; comfort learning new software quickly.
• Ability to answer and screen phone calls, greet visitors, and manage the front desk
with professionalism and discretion.
• Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to work well in a team and interact
respectfully with constituents, colleagues, and stakeholders.
• Sound judgment and the ability to maintain conﬁdentiality in all matters.

MEM-273-25

The office of Representative Juan Vargas (CA-52), a member of the Financial Services
Committee and Ranking Member of the Task Force on Monetary Policy, Treasury Market
Resilience, and Economic Prosperity, is seeking candidates to apply for an open
Legislative Correspondent position. This position will report to the Chief of Staff and
Deputy Chief of Staff / Legislative Director.
The position will be based in DC and occasionally travel to San Diego, as needed. Qualified
candidates will be independent self-starters with a demonstrated ability to generate new
ideas and work well as part of a team. They will also have strong writing, research,
analytical, and organizational skills. This position will be responsible for:
• Leading the office’s efforts to respond to constituent outreach, including by
designing, developing, and executing processes for collecting, reviewing,
organizing, and responding to correspondence from constituents in both English
and Spanish;
• Identifying ways that the office can better respond to constituent outreach and
concerns, including by making proposals to the Legislative Director and Chief of
Staff regarding how to improve correspondence processes and approaches;
• Overseeing the process of logging outreach from constituents–including outreach
by phone, email, website, or physical mail–into our constituent management
system and managing the process of organizing constituent outreach into
categories (or “batches”) of correspondence based on the topic of the
correspondence;
• Making recommendations to the Legislative Director about when to create new
batches and letters, and drafting new letters in response to constituent outreach on
new topics;
• Training interns on how to answer phones, log correspondence, and batch
messages, and overseeing and reviewing work done by interns to batch and
categorize constituent messages;
• Proofreading batches of correspondence before regularly sending out responses;
• Monitoring existing letters and making recommendations about when to update
letters in response to new developments;
• Working with the Legislative Director to assign letter drafting responsibilities to
interns, fellows, and legislative staff, and to ensure that staff have completed their
reviews in a timely fashion;
• Reviewing initial letter drafts written by interns for accuracy, style, and consistency
with the members’ views;
• Sending weekly updates to the Legislative Director that include, among other
things, draft outlines for letters, recommendations for new letters, and updates on
where existing letters are in the review process;
• Managing the office’s constituent mail database (Indigov) and outreach lists,
including by ensuring that information is tagged correctly and that we are adding
user tags for constituents from various groups;
• Overseeing the sending of physical responses to constituent messages received
through the mail;

•
•
•
•

•

Responding to constituent requests for flags and tours of federal buildings
(including the FBI, White House, Library of Congress, and the Capitol);
Staffing the front desk when needed;
Responding to thank you letters from capitol tour groups and constituents and
managing the sending of Congressional Awards and Letters of Commendation;
Devising a strategy for responding to niche individual mail and constituent requests,
and identifying opportunities for the congressman to personally contact
constituents; and
Managing the D.C. office intern program, including by hiring interns, managing the
intern budget, overseeing the work of the interns, and serving as the point of contact
for past interns.

The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages people of all backgrounds to
apply. Applicants with congressional experience, Spanish proficiency, or Southern
California ties are especially encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send a
cover letter, resume, and writing sample to: cajobs52@gmail.com with “Legislative
Correspondent - [NAME]” in the subject line. Applications are due by August 24, 2025. The
salary range for this position is between $55,000-$60,000, based on experience.

MEM-270-25
Congresswoman Janelle Bynum’s Office Seeking District Staff Assistant/Press Assistant
The Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum is seeking a District Staff Assistant/Press
Assistant. This position offers a unique opportunity to serve in a dual role furthering the
district office’s administrative and communication activities.
POSITION OVERVIEW:
The Staff Assistant/Press Assistant will maintain the district office to ensure a welcoming
environment for constituents and visitors – and work with the office's communications
team to manage media contacts, create content, and organize district events.
DUTIES:
• Greet and screen visitors at the district oLice based in Oregon City, Oregon;
• Handle incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness to capture
input from constituents on policy matters for consideration and response;
• Draft memos, speeches, video scripts, newsletters, surveys, and social media
content;
• StaL the Congresswoman for interviews at district events;
• Assist with planning and executing district events, such as town halls and
roundtable meetings;
• Develop and implement media and communication strategies for the Member;

•
•

Drive the Member to events and staL events as needed; and
Other duties as assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor’s degree or related job experience;
• A demonstrated interest in public service;
• Familiarity with the Oregon Congressional District 5 and knowledge of current
issues and events in which the Member is involved;
• Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
• Strong oral communication skills;
• Understanding of print and broadcast media; and
• Ability to work well under pressure and courteously with others.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by Monday,
August 18, 2025.
NOTICE:
• All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability,
age, or national origin.

MEM-269-25
Deputy Communications Director/Digital Director
Essential Job Function: As a member of our communications team and in collaboration
with the Congressman, Deputy Comms
Director/Digital Director will write and produce engaging digital content, monitor online
narratives and trends, and assist with traditional press inquiries and tasks. The individual
will also manage the Congressman’s social media platforms with oversight from the
Communications Director. This is a mid-level communications role within the office.
Deputy Comms Director /Digital Director’s role and responsibilities include, but are
not limited to:
1. Digital Strategy
• Develop and implement digital strategies to amplify the Representative's message
and engage constituents, including through emerging trends online.
• Manage social media accounts (Facebook, Instagram, X, YouTube, Bluesky, and
Threads) through content creation and community engagement.

•

Create compelling digital content such as graphics, videos, and infographics to
communicate key messages.

2. Content Creation
• Collaborate with team members to develop multimedia content that effectively
communicates legislative priorities and initiatives.
• Ensure all content is accurate, consistent with the Representative's voice, and
aligns with brand guidelines.
• Required to have extensive knowledge and experience to create memes and create
AI videos from start to finish. Experience with video production, video editing, and
emerging AI tools, including through platforms like Canva, ChatGPT, and the Adobe
Suite.
3. Public Relations:
• Draft press releases, media advisories, op-eds, franked communications, and other
materials as needed.
• Coordinate interviews, press conferences, and media appearances for the
Representative in both the traditional and new media spaces.
• Monitor media coverage—including press and digital clips with support from a
press intern—and prepare regular reports for the team.
• Be comfortable making fun of our republican colleagues such as, James Comer
(this tells me you read the whole post).
4. Preferred Skill Sets:
• Experience working in a fast-paced government office or on political campaigns.
• Knowledge of data analytics and metrics to track the effectiveness of digital
campaigns.
• Experience managing crisis communications and responding to media inquiries
under tight deadlines.
• Demonstrated ability to think creatively and strategically to generate innovative
ideas for media outreach and digital engagement.
• Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to collaborate effectively with team
members and external stakeholders.
• Flexibility to work evenings and weekends as needed, especially during high-profile
events or legislative sessions.
Location: The role is based in Washington, D.C.
This office is an equal-opportunity employer. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.
Please submit resume, three references, a digital portfolio, and a cover page as one
PDF document to Moskowitz.resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-268-25
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a Field Representative &
Caseworker for her District Office in Long Beach, CA.
Candidate should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, have the
proper demeanor and a comfort in dealing directly with constituents to resolve challenging
requests, be highly organized, and have the ability to manage multiple tasks and
competing deadlines simultaneously.
This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities for this community-focused position include: answer and log incoming
phone calls, casework intake and work on casework through completion; identify event
and correspondence opportunities in assigned geographic and issue areas; staff the
Congresswoman and serve as staff representative for the Congresswoman at community
meetings and events; lead or assist with planning, organizing, and executing district
outreach efforts in assigned geographic and issue areas; identify issues related to federal
programs for possible legislation and|or letters; manage correspondence and
acknowledgements from the office; meet with constituent and community leaders and
develop relationships and networks in assigned geographic and issue areas; work with
community groups and organizations, local elected officials, and others in the
Congressional District to identify potential opportunities for federal funding; and serve as a
liaison with federal, state, and local agencies, and committees.
Knowledge of communities within California’s 44th District preferred.
A car and good driving record required (mileage reimbursement available)
Diverse candidates encouraged to apply.
Candidates must also be able to work a flexible schedule, including some nights and
weekends as required.
Pay: $60-$72,000 based on experience
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“CA44 Field Rep” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-267-25

Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a District Staff Assistant for her
District Office in Long Beach, CA.
The District Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, helps to supervise the
district internship program, and responds to constituent requests for general information
and other inquiries. This position maintains the front office and assists district office staff
with various administrative duties while maintaining an external agenda that interacts
frequently with constituents. The position will also support the Office’s community
outreach and events with the Congresswoman when she is in the district.
Candidate should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong
interpersonal skills, have the proper demeanor and a comfort in dealing directly with
constituents to resolve challenging requests, highly organized, the ability to manage
multiple tasks and competing deadlines simultaneously, and able to work in a fast-paced
environment.
Knowledge of communities within California’s 44th District preferred.
A car and good driving record required (mileage reimbursement available)
Diverse candidates encouraged to apply.
Candidates must also be able to work a flexible schedule, including some nights and
weekends as required.
Pay: $50-53,000 based on experience
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“CA44 Staff Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-265-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Rep. Frederica Wilson (D-FLA.), Member of the Committee
on Education and the Workforce and Transportation & Infrastructure Committees, is hiring
a Legislative Director. The Legislative Director works with the Member and other senior
staff to lead the development and implementation of her policy, legislative, and
appropriations strategy, managing a legislative team of 4-5 staff and fellows while also
covering a small individual portfolio of legislative issues.
Primary responsibilities for this role include:

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Developing and advancing the Member’s policy priorities through the legislative and
appropriations processes.
Managing the operations of the legislative team and serving as a member of the
oLice’s senior leadership team.
Developing memos, remarks, committee materials, and other brieﬁng materials for
the Member/oLice.
Supporting the press team on policy-related communications.
Working with the district team to support their work and address constituents’
policy concerns.
Monitoring activity on the House Floor, the House Rules Committee and working
with the legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
Building and maintaining positive and eLective relationships with district, D.C., and
national stakeholders and advocacy organizations.
Overseeing the oLice’s constituent correspondence program; and
Other duties and special projects as assigned.

This is not an entry-level role. Candidates should have deep expertise in policy, legislative
drafting and procedure, and congressional appropriations experience is a plus.
Miami/Florida ties are also a plus. Candidates with previous Education Committee or
Senate HELP experience are encouraged to apply. Essential skills include an expert-level
working knowledge of Congress; strong oral and written communication skills, including
rigorous editing and fact-checking; excellent attention to detail; the ability to execute on
multiple deadlines and tasks in a fast-paced environment; strong interpersonal and
relationship-building skills; the ability to make quick decisions when advising a principal; a
proven track record navigating complex constituent and political situations; and the
responsiveness and professional demeanor to represent the office well to a wide range of
communities.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status.
To apply, please email the Chief of Staff, Leon Buck at Leon.Buck@mail.house.gov,
“Legislative Director” in the subject line and the following application materials attached
as one combined PDF, applications will be considered on a rolling basis:
• Résumé
• Cover letter
• 2-3 professional references,
• and a writing sample would be appreciated.

MEM-263-25

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Democratic staff seeks a counsel
or professional staff member to assist with the Committee’s oversight and investigations
work.
Exceptional writing and research skills, sound political judgment, the capacity to articulate
technical and policy issues clearly and concisely, and the ability to work closely and
collaboratively with other congressional offices and stakeholders are essential.
Responsibilities include preparing for and staffing hearings and briefings; drafting
statements, memos, letters and other materials; assisting with the Committee’s
investigative and oversight work, including preparing for and conducting transcribed
interviews and depositions; and serving as a resource for Democratic Members and staff
on matters within the Committee’s jurisdiction.
This position’s primary focus would include national security, homeland security, law
enforcement, immigration, and the military; reporting to the Full Committee, as well as the
Subcommittee on Military and Foreign Affairs, and the Subcommittee on Federal Law
Enforcement. Substantive work on policy, oversight, and investigations related to DHS and
DOD is preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill, Administration or legal experience,
and experience with investigations or oversight, is preferred. Candidates with a TS or
TS/SCI Security Clearance are preferred.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel/Professional Staff Member” in the subject line. Please attach your resume and
cover letter as one PDF with the file name using the following
format: “LastName.FirstName”. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The starting range for this position is $75,000 - $110,000, with the negotiated salary highly
commensurate with the level of educational and professional experience. The Oversight
Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, or national origin.

MEM-262-25
The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking a Scheduler based in the
Washington, DC office. Candidates must have exceptional organizational and
communications skills, be very detail oriented, and enjoy working in a fast-paced team
environment. The ideal candidate will have proven knowledge of the congressional work
setting, ability to balance competing demands, and possess sound political judgement. The
position requires a willingness to work non-traditional hours when required. Hybrid work

options are available during non-session weeks. Capitol Hill or other relevant
administrative, operations, or scheduling experience is strongly preferred. Southern
California ties are a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
·
·
·
·
·

·
·
·
·

Maintaining and managing the Member’s daily and long-term DC and national
schedule
Responding to all incoming meeting and scheduling requests
Coordinating travel and booking flight, train, and lodging reservations for the
Congresswoman
Communicating key information and scheduling changes to the Member,
staff, and effected stakeholders in a timely and efficient manner
Coordinating with other Member offices, Committee staff, leadership offices,
the White House, and Executive Departments and federal agencies on
scheduling requests and events
Coordinating with the District Director and district staff on scheduling indistrict events when appropriate
Compiling the Congresswoman’s daily briefing materials and coordinating
with legislative and press staff on materials needed for meetings and events
Assisting the Chief of Staff with office operations
Other duties as assigned

Salary will be commensurate with experience. (The range for this job is $60,000 - $74,000.)
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply for this position, email a PDF copy of your resume and three professional
references to CA38jobs@mail.house.gov with “DC Scheduler Position” in the subject line.

MEM-257-25
JOB POSTING: Staff Assistant/Driver
The office of Congressman Marc Veasey (TX-33) is seeking a Staff Assistant/Driver for his
Washington, DC Office.
The ideal candidate has strong driving skills, excellent professional judgement and
discretion, exceptional customer or constituent service skills, close attention to detail and
time management, excellent writing and communication skills, an aptitude for database
work, the ability to prioritize and follow through on multiple competing priorities in a fastpaced environment, and a strong commitment to public service. A valid U.S. driver’s
license, clean driving record, and access to a vehicle are required for the position. The

applicant should be aware that this position will sometimes require work outside of normal
hours of operation.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Driving the Member;
• Work closely with the Member’s scheduling team to ensure appointments are on
time;
• Managing the front oLice — including greeting and welcoming visitors;
• Answering DC phones and logging constituent comments/feedback;
• Coordinating tour and ﬂag requests;
• Completing oLice operation and administrative duties;
• Assisting with management of DC internship program;
• Managing oLice mail program, including overseeing IQ correspondence system and
ensuring constituents receive timely replies to mail;
• Assisting the DC staL with other work as assigned.
• Requirements include but are not limited to:
• Active driver’s license, a clean driving record, and personal vehicle
• ELective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
• Strong organizational skills, attention to detail, time management, and ability to
manage multiple priorities
• Professional demeanor and positive attitude
Texas ties are a plus but not necessary. All applicants should send an email, cover letter,
and writing sample to TX33Jobs@mail.house.gov. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status.

MEM-254-25
Staff Assistant – The district office of Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks a hardworking, organized individual to serve as a Staff Assistant & District Field
Representative. This position primarily entails constituent casework and community
outreach. Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials,
representing the Congressman at community and governmental events, special projects,
as well as general office work.
Candidates should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and must
enjoy working with the public. Prior experience in government, the non-profit sector,
community and grassroots organizing is preferred. This position is based in New Jersey.
Applicants must have a valid driver license. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter,
writing sample, and references by email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-249-25
Constituent Service Representative/Caseworker Vacancy
Office of U.S. Congressman Ed Case
Location: Honolulu, HI
U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a Constituent Services
Representative / Caseworker for his district office located in downtown Honolulu.
This position also acts as a liaison to federal, district and local government agencies on
behalf of the Congressman on requests by constituents for assistance with individual
issues. The position requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask,
work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions, and solve problems,
orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and unpredictable
hours as necessary.
Preference given to Hawai‘i background/community involvement and prior related work
experience, and applicants are asked to detail these attributes.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short writing
samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Constituent Service Representative in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-248-25
Congressional District Director
Office of U.S. Congressman Ed Case
Location: Honolulu, HI
U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawaii- 01) is seeking a District Director for his Honolulu
district office.
This is a senior leadership position in the office. Duties include overseeing the
Representative’s constituent casework activities with federal, state and local agencies;
aligning the office’s strategies and plans with the Representative’s broader goals;
collaborating with Washington-based staff to ensure smooth communication and
coordination between the Honolulu and D.C. offices; facilitating he Representative’s
engagement in the district; and managing and leading the Honolulu office staff, which
includes planning, assigning and directing work to ensure high performance and efficiency
The position requires familiarity with Hawaii’s 1st Congressional District, initiative, strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and effectively under
pressure, a proven ability to manage staff, make decisions and solve problems, orientation

to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and the ability to manage long
and unpredictable hours.
Very strong preference given to (1) prior experience especially in comparable duties and (2)
Hawaii background/community involvement, and applicants are asked to detail these
attributes.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two references and two short writing samples
to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Honolulu District Director Vacancy” in the subject line.
Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-247-25
Staff Assistant Vacancy
Office of U.S. Congressman Ed Case
Location: Honolulu, HI
U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘ƒi - 01) is seeking a Staff Assistant for his district office
located in downtown Honolulu.
The position is responsible for a wide variety of administrative duties and acts as a liaison
to federal, district and local government agencies and community organizations on behalf
of the Congressman on requests by constituents seeking assistance with individual/group
issues. The position requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask,
work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions, and solve problems,
orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and unpredictable
hours as necessary. Duties include but are not limited to greeting visitors and answering
constituent calls and requests for general information, tours and other inquiries.
Preference given to Hawai‘i background/community involvement and prior related work
experience, and applicants are asked to detail these attributes.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short writing
samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no
phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-246-25
The office of Congressman Pat Ryan seeks a Scheduler:
The role will work closely with the Chief of Staff to maintain the short- and long-term
schedules for the Member in DC and the Hudson Valley. Primary scheduling
responsibilities include exercising sharp judgment in granting scheduling requests,

responding to all meeting requests promptly and politely, and keeping events and
meetings within designated timeframes.
Duties include:
-Resourcing the Member with proper briefing materials, ensuring that the Member is
properly staffed for meetings and events,
-Serving as a liaison for the Member with the staff, public, Committees, and other
Members of Congress
-Assisting with event planning, coordinating and booking travel,
-Leading scheduling meetings and updating staff on the Member’s schedule,
-Additional duties as assigned by the Member or Chief of Staff
Overall goals include ensuring that the Member’s messaging and mission are reflected in
his schedule and itinerary. This position requires flexible hours, adaptability, ability to
skillfully and effectively communicate, and superior organizational skills.
The pay range for the position is $60,000 - $75,000 a year. This is not an entry-level
position. Ideal candidates will have previous experience working in operational roles on
Capitol Hill or on political campaigns. Preference given to candidates with Hudson Valley
or New York ties. This position is part of the senior staff team and reports to the Chief of
Staff.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send your resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF to
ny18resumes@mail.house.gov with the job title in the subject line and your full name (e.g.:
“Scheduling Role - First Last). Applicants will be evaluated on a rolling basis.

MEM-245-25
Speechwriter
The House Appropriations Committee Minority seeks an experienced Speechwriter.
Competitive candidates will possess the ability to write clearly, persuasively, and
concisely. Candidates should have the flexibility to work under tight deadlines and write
about a wide range of topics. In this position, creativity and collaboration are as vital as
attention to detail and capturing Ranking Member Rosa DeLauro’s voice.
The ideal candidate has extensive communications experience, with a preference for
candidates with knowledge of the Appropriations process. Responsibilities include, but
are not limited to:

-Managing the production of all oral statements and op-eds for the Ranking Member and
assisting other Members of the Committee.
-Collaborating with the Communications Director, committee staff, and the Ranking
Member’s personal office to produce robust speeches with approved messaging, as well
as well-sourced facts and figures, and moving stories.
-Writing statements, speeches, op-eds, talking points, messaging guidance, fact sheets,
newsletters, and social media copy.
-Executing other press responsibilities including compiling the morning clips, sending out
press releases in a timely manner, managing the press list, updating the website, and other
duties as assigned.
Beyond these duties, there is room for candidates to explore other interests including the
creation of graphics, videos, and other digital material. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three professional references, and two
relevant writing samples to AppropsDemJobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject
line: [Full Name] – Speechwriter

MEM-244-25
Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full-time Staff Assistant in her
Washington, DC office to start in the beginning of September 2025. This role provides a
unique entry level opportunity to work closely with a prominent Member of Congress. The
staff assistant reports to the scheduler and chief of staff, and responsibilities include
driving the Member, helping execute her daily schedule, providing logistical support for
events and meetings, managing the front office and the internship program, coordinating
tours and constituent requests, processing incoming phone calls, mail, and other
inquiries, providing operational, administrative, and technology support for the office and
staff, and performing other duties as assigned.
Applicants should be detail-oriented, proactive, calm under pressure, able to exercise
discretion, eager to work in a fast-paced office, and willing to work flexible—and
sometimes long—hours when the Member is in DC. Strong communication, logistical,
interpersonal, and organizational skills are essential. Applicants must have a valid driver’s
license, a clean driving record, and should be comfortable driving in DC. Access to a
personal car is preferred, although not required.
TO APPLY: please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (maximum of 1-2 pages),
and two reference contacts (name, title, email, phone, and relationship) in a single pdf file
to Daniel.Robillard@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant: Your name

(First/Last)” No calls or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer and
encourages all qualified candidates to apply. Connecticut ties are a plus.
Key Responsibilities
-Work with the Communications Director to build and maintain the Congresswoman’s
brand.
-Develop and manage digital content across platforms (Facebook, Instagram, X, Bluesky,
and YouTube). Support the office’s social media strategy by drafting social media posts
and producing video and graphic materials.
-Update and manage the official website.
-Monitor national and local media coverage, as well as social media trends.
-Clip and caption TV appearances, floor speeches, long and short form videos, and more.
-Draft and edit press releases, advisories, franked communications, and other
communications materials as assigned
-Help plan and execute press events, interviews, and digital outreach.
-Maintain press contact lists and support external communications efforts.
Qualifications
-Strong writing, editing, and strategic messaging skills
-Skilled in Canva, Adobe Suite, or similar platforms
-Media relations success and ability to assist with communications in a fast-paced
environment
-Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus
-Fluency in Spanish is a plus
-Must be a collaborative, high-energy team player committed to advancing the office’s
mission and responsive to emerging priorities.
TO APPLY: Send (1) Cover Letter, (2) Resume, (3) 2 writing samples of 500 words or less, (4)
digital/photographic portfolio, and (5) and three references - including name, title,
organization, contact details, and your relationship. Please send all materials to
CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov with “CA44 Press Secretary” in the Subject Line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

