Internship Openings
Week of December 2, 2024
MEM-499-24
The O&ice of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking interns for our
Washington, D.C. o&ice for the Spring 2025 term.
Our o&ice values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial environment.
We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to grow. Interns will have
great opportunities to learn from o&ice sta& and network with others to make the most of
their time with our o&ice!
Intern Expectations:
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service; possess
excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and communication skills;
work well in a team environment; and have a general understanding of the US political
system.
Press interns can expect to:
·
Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant in drafting social media
content and other materials like press releases, website content, and newsletters
·
Create graphic design posts for social media
·
Compile daily press clips
·
Edit video clips
·
Maintain press lists
·
Answer phones and assist in correspondence as needed.
In our DC o&ice, you can apply to be EITHER a Legislative OR Press intern. In our Los
Angeles o&ice, you will be a general o&ice intern.
Internship Dates and Details:
Spring internships are slated to start early January and go until late April/early May, with
some ﬂexibility. Interns are expected to work in person in the o=ice, Monday-Friday 9

a.m.- 5 p.m. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate remote or hybrid internships at
this time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, December 13th
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume, a brief cover letter, a writing
sample, and a digital sample (in one document) to:
CA37.internships@mail.house.gov for DC o&ice internship.
Use the subject line “First name Last name [press] – Spring 2025 internship”

MEM-496-24
Congressman French Hill (AR02) seeks interns to serve in his o&ices in Washington, D.C.,
and Arkansas.
Interns will work in a fast-paced o&ice, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the
legislative process and the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include (but are not
limited to) interacting with Arkansans and other visitors, conducting legislative research
and writing, drafting communications materials, and assisting Arkansans with matters
before the federal government.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events
and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist with daily o&ice tasks. Social media and
other communications experience are a plus. Successful interns will be self-starters, listen
to and take direction, and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team.
Standard internships take place as follows:
- Spring: January through May
- Summer: May through August
- Fall: September through November
Internships outside of this schedule may be o&ered on a case-by-case basis. Paid and
unpaid internships are available.
Interested individuals should send a resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov. For more information, please call (501) 324-5941 or
(202) 225-2506 and ask for the Intern Coordinator.

MEM-491-24

The Committee on House Administration Republican O&ice seeks energetic and selfmotivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to apply for its paid,
full-time internship program. The Committee on House Administration maintains
jurisdiction of federal election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House
of Representatives with oversight of several o&ices within the Capitol Complex, including
the Chief Administrative O&icer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the House, House
Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and other legislative branch
entities like the Library of Congress, Government Publishing O&ice, and the Smithsonian
Institution. Working closely with Committee sta&, interns will have the opportunity to gain
ﬁrst-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about
the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are
responsible for assisting Committee sta& with o&icial proceedings (hearings/markups),
oversight, research, assisting with phones, and providing support to all Committee sta&.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties. Administrative tasks
include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail, entering data, and drafting
correspondence. Legislative support includes performing research, drafting public
statements, prepping materials for hearings, attending hearings and brieﬁngs, reaching out
to agencies and other congressional o&ices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.

MEM-489-24
The Democratic Sta& of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks a motivated
and creative part-time or full-time Press Intern for Spring 2025. The press intern will work
closely and collaboratively with a fast-paced communications team. Qualiﬁed candidates
should have strong writing and social media skills, graphic design experience, and a desire
to create engaging communications content. Knowledge of video editing software is a plus.
Responsibilities may include:
• Compiling daily press clips
• Designing graphics
• Editing and captioning videos
• Drafting news releases, social media and e-newsletter content
• Updating the website
• Compiling weekly reports on press and social media results
• Taking photos at hearings and events
The intern will receive a stipend during the internship, which will ideally run from January to
April 2025.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample (no
longer than two pages) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your cover letter,

please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and whether you are
available to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Spring 2025 Press Intern [First Name]
[Last Name]” in the subject line. The deadline to apply is December 10, 2024. Please no
phone calls or drop-ins.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or age.
Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.

MEM-487-24
The House Democratic Caucus is currently seeking candidates for paid internships for the
2025 Spring term. Internships are full-time and in-person in our Washington, DC o&ice.
Current college students and recent graduates are welcome to apply.
The internship will o&er students and young professionals invaluable experience
supporting Members and sta& of the House Democratic Caucus. Interns contribute to the
daily operations of the o&ice and are expected to act in a dependable and professional
manner at all times. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, work e&iciently under
pressure and manage multiple projects at one time. The internships include some physical
tasks like lifting and pushing carts as part of event setup and logistical responsibilities.
Responsibilities will include:
Press Intern: Drafting press releases and other written materials, maintaining press lists,
and assisting with press events and other Caucus events and meetings. Familiarity in
livestreaming and livestreaming software, and ﬂuency in Spanish, is a plus.
Digital Intern: Drafting digital copy for the Caucus o&icial social media channels,
collaborating on creative graphic and video content, and assisting with press conferences
and other Caucus events and meetings. Familiarity with livestreaming and livestreaming
software is a plus.
Operations Intern: Greeting guests, answering phones, monitoring and responding to the
Caucus email inbox, assisting with Caucus Meetings and events, supporting o&ice
operations, attending brieﬁngs and drafting memos, and various day-to-day o&ice tasks.
The House Democratic Caucus is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other
factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require
a reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes are
encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.

Interested applicants should submit an application through this form
(https://airtable.com/appXvvKR5c7j2xayM/pagMYv6Db9nUiukUP/form) and upload a
resume, cover letter and one-paged writing sample. Digital applicants may submit 1-2
digital samples. The internship will run from Tuesday, January 21 to Friday, May 16, 2025.
This internship o&ers compensation of $2,400 per month. The deadline to apply for our
Spring cohort is Wednesday, December 4, 2024.

MEM-483-24
The Washington DC O&ice of Congressman Pat Fallon is looking for spring 2025 interns.
In the Washington, DC o&ice, internships run throughout the fall, spring, or summer
semesters for college students. The hours are ﬂexible to accommodate students' hectic
course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session,
and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones,
run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative sta&, attend hearings and
brieﬁngs, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result,
interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
o&ice.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page on Congressman Fallon’s website and
complete the application:
https://fallon.house.gov/services/internships.htm

MEM-482-24
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of California,
seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. o&ice for the Spring 2025 term. Interns will have a
unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process ﬁrst-hand and the many functions
of a Congressional o&ice. The Press and Digital Intern will help build out the
Congresswoman’s digital and social media presence, with heavy emphasis on creating
engaging social media content and graphics.
Qualiﬁed candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist
with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video
editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. Press Intern responsibilities will vary but may
include answering phones and data entry. Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in
researching legislation for the Member and legislative sta&, attending brieﬁngs, hearings,
and markups; and answering constituent letters on various issues.

To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s o&icial website
and complete the application form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part
of the application, a cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to
California’s 7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a
rolling basis. This o&ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based
on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identiﬁcation,
family status, or military status.

MEM-481-24
The o&ice of Congressman Je& Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting applications for part
and full-time interns for the spring internship session. The start date would be as early as
January 7th (ﬂexible depending on availability) with a ﬂexible end date. Each intern will
receive up to a $1,000 stipend depending on availability based on a 40-hour workweek.
The internship will o&er students and young professionals invaluable experience with our
nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the o&ice and are
expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times. Duties include (but are not
limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, opening
and sorting mail, attending brieﬁngs, performing legislative research, and various other
tasks to assist sta&.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter to nj02internships@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re applying for a spring internship and format
the ﬁles as [Full Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter].

MEM-477-24
Spring 2025 DC Internship
The o&ice of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, Spring 2025 Interns for the
Washington, D.C. o&ice. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the
front o&ice, assisting legislative sta& with research, assisting the communications teams
with drafting, and other tasks as assigned. Successful candidates will work well under
deadlines, are organized, hard-working, detail-oriented, have excellent customer service
skills, and are team players. Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Interns will be eligible for a
monthly stipend. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and 2 writing
samples to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Spring 2025 DC Intern - [Last Name], [First
Name]” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-472-24
Winter/spring internships in Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s o&ice will be held inperson in the Washington, D.C. o&ice. Schedules are ﬂexible to accommodate academic

schedules. Interns are paid on an hourly basis. Start dates would be expected in early to
mid-January.
Interns would have the chance to gain valuable hands-on experience while serving the
constituents of California’s 45th district. Interns would be exposed to a wide range of policy
areas, including the Congresswoman’s work on the House Ways and Means Committee,
Education and Workforce Committee, AI Task Force, and the Select Committee on the
Chinese Communist Party. Responsibilities would include corresponding with
constituents, performing research for sta&, giving tours of the Capitol building, attending
Congressional hearings, and helping prepare for upcoming hearings.
Interested applicants should send a copy of their resume to
Andrew.Weinstock@mail.house.gov. Successful interns have strong attention to detail and
communications skills, as well as a strong interest in learning about the legislative process.

MEM-466-24
Spring Internship post
Congressman Cory Mills’ (FL-07) Washington, D.C. o&ice is currently seeking qualiﬁed
individuals to serve in his Washington, D.C. o&ice for the Spring of 2024.
Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional o&ice, while gaining ﬁrsthand
knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting sta& with legislative
projects and attending brieﬁngs and hearings.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing skills, as well
as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a must. This is
a paid internship.
Please send resumes and cover letter to Milka.jurado2@mail.house.gov

MEM-464-24
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Spring 2025 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island o&ice, to start at the beginning of January.
•
•

Duties include, but are not limited to:
Provides a welcoming environment and positive ﬁrst impression of the Member o&ice to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;
Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;

•
•
•
•
•
•

Sorts and distributes mail;
Assists Member and key sta& (e.g. sta& assistant, scheduler, District Director) with
logistical and administrative duties;
Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member o&ice’s
consideration and response;
Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at local events;
Accompanies district sta& to public forums, meetings, and events as a representative to
the Member.
Applicants should apply on our website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships
Consistent with applicable law, the O&ice requires all interns to be fully vaccinated against
COVID-19 as a term and condition of employment.
Female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The o&ice is an
equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.

