Member and Committee Openings
Week of June 16, 2025
MEM-189-25
Congressman Jason Crow (CO-06) seeks a full-time Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent for our Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include staffing the front office of a fast-paced congressional office,
including greeting visitors, answering incoming phone calls, handling tour and flag
requests, and managing the D.C. internship program. This position is also responsible for
constituent correspondence duties, including sorting incoming mail, drafting constituent
letters and responses, ensuring timely responses to constituents, and sending mail.
The Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent will work closely with the Legislative
Director and Director of Scheduling and Operations. Successful candidates will have a
self-starting personality, strong oral and written communication skills, and a
demonstrated willingness and desire to continuously learn. Applicants should be detailoriented, have strong organizational skills, and be effective in managing their time.
Colorado ties are a plus but not required.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, and a writing
sample (not to exceed three pages) as a single PDF to co06.resumes@mail.house.gov with
the subject title “[LAST NAME] - Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent.” Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis. No walk-ins or phone calls, please.
The salary of this position is $55,000.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-188-25
Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Communications Director to
lead and execute an aggressive communications strategy for a battleground district. In
close collaboration with the Member, Chief of Staff, and legislative and district teams, the

Communications Director will oversee the Member’s communications agenda and
manage a fast-paced communications team in the district and D.C. This position reports to
the Chief of Staff and is not an entry level position.
Responsibilities include maintaining relationships with national and local reporters,
replying to press inquiries, and proactively pitching stories; drafting and editing press
releases; developing media strategies to roll out legislative wins; spearheading
communications components of district outreach and events; running an aggressive and
responsive social media program; writing op-eds, talking points, and speeches; managing
and coaching the communications team; and working collaboratively with District Office
and legislative staff to amplify the office’s work. The Communications Director will also
oversee franked communications and a robust 499 program.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of political communications experience,
strong oral and written communication skills, sharp attention to detail, experience
managing a team, and a track record of successfully pitching media outlets. The ideal
candidate is politically astute, calm under pressure, collaborative, and willing to work the
long, irregular hours required by a communications job in the modern-day news cycle.
Nevada ties are a plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status,
sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three references (including
name, title, organization, phone, email, and relationship), and writing sample to
nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name – Communications
Director."

MEM-185-25
Congressman Mike Levin (D-CA-49) is seeking a Press Assistant for his Carlsbad district
office or Dana Point district office to assist in executing a robust and fast-paced
communications strategy and expand his presence online and across all social media
platforms.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to supporting and staffing district press
conferences and press events, staffing district press interviews, drafting press releases
and media advisories, creating social media content for various platforms, designing
graphics and print materials, recording and editing videos of the Congressman and
constituents, seeking and recording constituents’ testimonials, managing the Constituent
of the Month program, and more. The individual will work closely with the D.C.-based
Communications Director and Press Secretary/Digital Manager on day-to-day operations
of the communications team

Candidates should have some experience with social media strategy, strong writing skills,
proficiency in graphic design, and experience with both videography and photography.
Ability to work well with others, manage competing priorities, and turn around high-quality
products under tight deadlines are a must. Professional communications experience
(whether through full time employment, internships, or volunteer experience) is required.
Prior experience on Capitol Hill or with advocacy campaigns is a plus but not necessary.
Salary range is $45,000-$50,000, commensurate with experience.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, references, one to two digital
graphic work samples, and one video sample to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov with
“Press Assistant” in the subject line.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply, including women, people of color, and members of the
LGBTQ community.

MEM-182-25
Job Opportunity: Communications Director
Office of Congressman Don Davis (NC-01)
Congressman Don Davis, representing North Carolina’s 1st Congressional District, seeks
an experienced Communications Director to lead a comprehensive communications
strategy in a highly competitive district. The ideal candidate is a responsive and
collaborative professional with strong writing and digital skills, and sharp attention to
detail. This role requires close, ongoing coordination with the congressman and staff to
shape and carry out a fast-paced, strategic communications plan often balancing multiple
priorities under tight deadlines.
This is a Washington, D.C.-based position and is classified as exempt.
Key Responsibilities:
• Serve as the principal contact for national and local media; manage incoming press
inquiries and proactively pitch stories.
• Draft and edit a wide range of written materials, including press releases, op-eds,
talking points, newsletters, speeches, and event messaging.
• Develop and manage digital content across platforms, including drafting social
media posts, producing video and graphic materials, and maintaining updates to the
oiicial website.

•
•
•
•

Lead development and execution of communications plans to highlight the
Member’s legislative and district activities.
Oversee oiicial communications, including management of franked content and
the 499 program.
Supervise and mentor communications stai and interns.
Collaborate across departments to amplify constituent outreach, district initiatives,
and policy priorities.

Qualifications:
• 3–5 years of political or policy communications experience required.
• Strong writing, editing, and strategic messaging skills.
• Demonstrated media relations success and ability to lead communications in a
fast-paced environment.
• Experience managing oiicial (franked) mail preferred.
• Track record of producing content on digital platforms, graphic design, or video
production.
• Ties to North Carolina and previous Hill experience are strongly preferred.
• Must be a collaborative, high-energy team player committed to advancing the
oiice’s mission and responsive to emerging priorities.
Application Process:
Review of applications will begin immediately, with interviews to follow shortly, aiming for
a swift hiring process. Interested applicants are urged to apply promptly.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer, committed to inclusivity and nondiscrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, or national origin.
To Apply:
Submit a resume, cover letter, a writing sample of no more than 1,000 words, and three
references (including name, title, organization, contact details, and your relationship with
them) in a single PDF to nc01resumes@gmail.com.
Use the subject line: “Your Full Name – Communications Director.”

MEM-181-25
The office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum is seeking a field representative to serve in
Deschutes County, Oregon. This position offers a unique opportunity to play a key role in
the Congresswoman’s efforts and act as a grassroots representative for the office.
POSITION OVERVIEW:
The field representative will act as a liaison for the office to connect with officials at the
local, city, state, and federal levels to build relationships and serve our constituents.

DUTIES:
• Attending community meetings and public events to serve as a representative for
the Member and develop relationships with community leaders;
• Advising the District Director and the Member on up-and-coming issues in the
district;
• Informing the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
• Traveling through the district to meet with stakeholders and community leaders;
• Building contacts and connections with communities throughout the district;
• Performing other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor’s degree or related job experience;
• A demonstrated interest in public service;
• Familiarity with Oregon’s 5th Congressional District
• The ability to handle diiicult situations with courtesy, tact and compassion
• Strong writing skills
• Problem-solving abilities
• The ability to exercise a high degree of initiative
• The ability to work independently and use good judgment
• The ability to maintain conﬁdentiality
HOW TO APPLY:
• Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by June
20, 2025.
NOTICE:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-180-25
District Press Secretary – Office of Rep. Angie Craig (MN-02)
Rep. Angie Craig (MN-02) is seeking a Press Secretary in her Eagan office to join a fastpaced communications team. The ideal candidate will have excellent writing, editing, and
photography skills. Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director in drafting
releases, talking points, speeches, and quotes, maintaining press lists and staffing the
Member at district-based press events. They will also assist the DC-based Press/Digital
Assistant in drafting and posting social content for district events.

Responsibilities:
• Assist the Communications Director with drafting press releases, quotes,
statements, speeches and talking points
• Help identify and cultivate relationships with local reporters in the district
• Stai and manage reporter interactions with the Member at MN-based press events
• Work with the District Oiice to publicize constituent services and events
• Manage live-streaming and photography at MN-based press conferences and events
Qualifications:
• Exceptional writing, editing, and organizational skills
• Experience with social media platforms and tools
• Strong photography and videography skills
• Detail-oriented, with the ability to juggle multiple tasks and meet tight deadlines
• Experience staiing a principal and working with local reporters
Salary: The starting salary for this position is $65,000.
Application Instructions:
Interested applicants should submit a resume, two writing samples, and one digital work
sample (i.e. graphic or video) to RepCraigPress@mail.house.gov. Include “Press Secretary
– (First Name) (Last Name)” in the subject line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling
basis.
The office of Representative Angie Craig is an equal opportunity employer; the office does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our office encourages candidates of diverse
backgrounds to apply. Minnesota ties are a plus.

MEM-179-25
The office of Congresswoman Grace Meng (NY-06) seeks a hardworking, collaborative
team-player to serve as a Constituent Liaison & Field Representative in her district office
based in Flushing, Queens. Candidates should have extensive knowledge of and familiarity
with Queens. Successful candidates are well-organized, timely, have access to a safe
vehicle and a good driving record, and the ability to sometimes work on evenings and
weekends.
Responsibilities include:
• Managing and conducting constituent casework related to the federal government,
as well as helping constituents with local resources

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Serving as a liaison with the community and local stakeholders
Identifying federal cases and working with appropriate agencies on behalf of
constituents; Connecting constituents with local resources for non-federal cases
Tracking constituent issues and identifying emerging trends
Building relationships with local stakeholders, federal, state, and local agencies and
staiers
Building and maintaining relationships with local stakeholders
Attending and participating in community meetings on behalf of the
Congresswoman, including but not limited to monthly community boards.
Collaborating with district stai to ensure that the Congresswoman and oiice have
an equitable and highly visible presence across all areas of the district
Staying up to date on local news and issues
Supporting town hall
Providing transportation for the Member
Staiing the Member at events and meetings within the district and across NY area
Additional duties as needed

Skills and qualifications:
• Successful candidates are highly organized and possess strong oral and written
communication skills.
• Successful s candidates possess a bachelor’s or associate degree and equivalent
work experience
• Candidate should be a team-player with a positive attitude.
• Candidate should be collaborative, proactive, and eager to work in a fast-paced
environment, in which they are challenged to think creatively and encouraged to
grow.
• Candidate should be a proﬁcient problem solver, with a keen ability to ask questions
and actively seek assistance when needed.
Compensation and benefits: Competitive salary and benefits package, including health
insurance, retirement, and paid leave.
Salary: $50,000.00 - $60,000.00 per year
Candidates who reside in NY-06 are highly encouraged. BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and
candidates from other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Interested applicants should send a resume and writing sample with the subject line
“Constituent Liaison & Field Representative” to Ny06resume@mail.house.gov by Friday,
June 20, 2025.

MEM-177-25
The U.S. House Committee on Agriculture has an immediate need to hire an experienced,
full-time Digital Director in Washington, D.C. Interested candidates are encouraged to
submit a resume, cover letter, and portfolio to HouseAgDemJobs@mail.house.gov.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Job Expectations:
As Digital Director, you will be responsible for recognizing opportunities and building digital
communications programs and campaigns in support of the Committee’s
communications strategy. Your work will focus on building smart, sophisticated, and
measurable programs and campaigns that support both short- and long-term goals and
meet rapid response needs. This will include outlining content plans, producing digital
content, developing editorial calendars, drafting various digital communications products
(e.g., social media posts, graphics, video scripts) and working with policy staff to ensure
content is timely and accurate. Understanding digital amplification strategies, audience
segmentation, and algorithms across platforms is important for this role. This position
requires the ability to work outside of normal office hours, including nights and weekends,
when needs arise.
Salary Level/Range: The salary range for the Digital Director role is $75,000-$90,000,
commensurate with experience.
Job Duties:
• Designs and implements comprehensive digital communications strategies that
promote the Committee’s policies and priorities.
• Manages all social media channels and web content to ensure all platforms are
adequately maintained and up to date.
• Identiﬁes and pitches new ways to engage with digital audiences and content
creators.
• Oversees digital editorial calendars to manage the Committee’s digital media
accounts.
• Educates, trains, and ampliﬁes digital content use among Committee member
oiices.
• Leads the crafting of compelling digital content that furthers the Committee’s shortand long-term goals.
• Stays informed on the social media trends impacting the Committee’s
communications eiorts and strategies.
• Prepares the Ranking Member for all audio and video clips for social platforms.
• Develops digital media kits for Committee member oiices.
• Compiles regular reports on digital analytics to distribute to Committee stai.

•
•

Builds connections with Committee member oiice stai to satisfy digital content
requests, earn trust, and identify opportunities for coordinated campaigns across
Committee and member oiice accounts.
Assists in drafting statements, press releases, and talking points, and performs
other duties as needed.

Required Experience and Skills:
• 3+ years of work experience in relevant digital content programs and social media
management.
• Demonstrated experience in one or more of the following ﬁelds: digital content
development, social media management, online analytics, graphic design, and
video production.
• Self-driven with a proven ability to set strategy.
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
• Curiosity about new channels and technology.
• Comfort with tight deadlines and quick-turn projects.
Preferences:
• Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in digital media, mass
communications, or similar.
• Agency experience in a digital role.
• Comfort and track record in rapid response and/or crisis scenarios.
• Experience working in fast-paced political environments.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and digital
portfolio including social copy, video, and graphic design (e.g., social media graphic,
infographic, factsheet) to HouseAgDemJobs@mail.house.gov. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-173-25
District Director
U.S. Representative Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a Hawai’i management professional
with federal government experience to serve as his District Director in his Honolulu district
office.
This position is a key staff leadership role in assisting the Congressman’s representation of
Hawai’i in the U.S. House of Representatives. The District Director manages all operations
of his district office and district staff. This includes being the primary point of contact and
public face of the Member’s office in the district, facilitating the Member’s visibility and
engagement in the district through joining and representing the Member in regular district

meetings and events, building and maintaining strong relationships with local community
leaders and stakeholders, overseeing the Member’s constituent casework activities with
federal, state and county departments and agencies, and coordinating with the Member’s
Washington-based staff, in particular his D.C.-based Chief if Staff, to align district office
work with the Member’s D.C. and broader priorities.
The position requires, among other qualities and experience, an extensive knowledge of
government and Hawai’i, initiative, interpersonal and management skills, the ability to
multitask, work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
problems, orientation to detail, verbal communication and writing skills, and long and
unpredictable hours.
Applicants should be longtime current or recent residents of Hawai’i with government
experience, preferably the federal government generally and the U.S. Congress
specifically. Other preferred qualifications include experience developing and
implementing community relations strategies for an elected official, federal agency or
similar organization; proven ability to manage staff, make sound decisions and prioritize
competing demands in a fast-paced environment; familiarity with the key issues and
stakeholders in Hawai’i overall and the First Congressional District (Honolulu) specifically;
and demonstrated commitment to public service and community engagement.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter detailing these qualifications together with
three references to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Honolulu Director Vacancy” in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-172-25
Professional Staff - Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Work and
Welfare – Majority
Assist Subcommittee Staff Director as designated expert in primary social safety net
programs within the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction, including Temporary Assistance for
Needy Families (TANF), Supplemental Security Income (SSI), child support enforcement,
Social Services Bock Grant (SSBG), work requirements, poverty measurement, and welfare
reform policy.
Independently organize hearings, conduct in-depth research and develop policy
proposals, track, draft and manage legislation for the Committee, prepare for marks-ups,
manage relationships and federal agency implementation of programs, act as primary
liaison and brief legislative assistants and Member office staff, prepare weekly memos for
the Chairman, develop strategic relationships with stakeholders, draft letters and requests
for GAO and OIG, manage scheduling, supervise interns, proactively develop creative
policy proposals to assist low-income children and families.

Qualifications include B.A., prior experience with specific programs areas mentioned
above, understanding of legislative process, adept at drafting legislation and policy
proposals, independently driven to grow expertise in programs and areas included in
portfolio, must be task-oriented and organized, requires excellent writing and
communication skills. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter
to Cheryl.vincent@mail.house.gov

MEM-170-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Rep. Steven Horsford (D-NV), Member of the Committee on
Ways and Means Committee is hiring a Legislative Director.
The Legislative Director works with the Member and other senior staff to lead development
and implementation of her policy, legislative, and appropriations strategy, managing a
legislative team of 4-5 staff and fellows while also covering a small individual portfolio of
legislative issues. Primary responsibilities for this role include:
• Developing and advancing the Member’s policy priorities through the legislative and
appropriations processes.
• Managing the operations of the legislative team and serving as a member of the office’s
senior leadership team.
• Developing memos, remarks, committee materials, and other briefing materials for the
Member/office.
• Supporting the press team on policy-related communications.
• Working with the district team to support their work and address constituents’ policy
concerns.
• Monitoring activity on the House Floor and the Member’s committee and working with the
legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
• Building and maintaining positive and effective relationships with district, D.C., and
national stakeholders and advocacy organizations.
• Overseeing the office’s constituent correspondence program; and
• Other duties and special projects as assigned.
This is not an entry-level role. Candidates should have deep expertise in policy, legislative
drafting and procedure, and congressional appropriations. Nevada ties are a plus.
Candidates with previous Ways and Means experience are encouraged to apply.
Essential skills include an expert-level working knowledge of Congress; strong oral and
written communication skills, including rigorous editing and fact-checking; excellent
attention to detail; the ability to execute on multiple deadlines and tasks in a fast-paced
environment; strong interpersonal and relationship-building skills; the ability to make
quick decisions when advising a principal; a proven track record navigating complex

constituent and political situations; and the responsiveness and professional demeanor to
represent the office well to a wide range of communities.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status.
To apply, please email Yvanna Cancela at Yvanna.Cancela@mail.house.gov, chief of staff,
with “Legislative Director” in the subject line and the following application materials
attached as one combined PDF, applications will be considered on a rolling basis:
• Résumé
• Cover letter
• 2-3 professional references

MEM-167-25
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks an experienced, strategic, and highly
organized Director of Operations to lead core administrative functions and deepen
engagement across Member offices and external stakeholders. This role serves as a chief
integrator of operations and member services—managing internal systems, supporting
CBC leadership, and advancing the Caucus’ institutional effectiveness and mission.
The Director of Operations, under the direction of the Executive Director, will be
responsible for overseeing day-to-day administration, technology systems, and office
logistics, while simultaneously leading member services strategy to strengthen
communication, coordination, and shared policy goals across CBC offices. The ideal
candidate is a dynamic team leader with a strong understanding of congressional
operations, excellent judgment, and a deep commitment to Black communities.
Key Responsibilities:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Strategic Operations & Administration
Coordinate all core operational functions of the CBC, including ﬁnance, human
resources, information technology and oiice logistics.
Collaborate with the CBC stai to develop and manage long-term and daily
schedules, brieﬁng books, and institutional materials.
Deploy and manage communications, project management, cybersecurity, and
information-sharing technologies to safeguard and streamline operations.
Maintain administrative policies, procedures, and records, and oversee compliance
with House standards and protocols.
Maintain stai contact information and distribution lists .

Member Services & Engagement

•
•
•
•
•

Serve as the primary liaison to CBC Member oiices, building proactive relationships
and identifying opportunities for collaboration, engagement, and strategic
alignment.
Conduct regular outreach to Member oiices to share event participation
opportunities, coordinate messaging, and support shared policy initiatives.
Draft and distribute newsletters to internal and external audiences highlighting
Member engagement, upcoming events, and legislative priorities.
Develop in coordination with other teammates, brieﬁng materials, resources, and
toolkits for use by CBC Member oiices and stai.
Builds and maintains databases of internal and external stakeholders

Program & Event Management
•
•

Oversee logistics for weekly Caucus meetings, brieﬁngs, retreats, and special
convenings.
Coordinate scheduling of House and Capitol rooms for CBC-hosted events,
stakeholder meetings, and external collaborations.

Personnel & Administrative Oversight
•
•

Support stai onboarding, orientation, and exit procedures; maintain personnel
records and stai contact systems.
Supervise interns and manage internal workﬂows and team coordination.

Qualifications:
• Deep understanding of CBC policy priorities and experience working with the
African American community.
• Strong grasp of congressional operations, House and Senate procedures, and
legislative processes.
• Signiﬁcant experience in operations, member services, congressional
administration, or a related ﬁeld.
• Exceptional writing, communication, and interpersonal skills; highly organized with
keen attention to detail.
• Experience with oiice management protocols.
• Demonstrated ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced, politically
sensitive environment.
• Discretion, professionalism, and sound political judgment are essential.
To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No
walk-ins or calls please.

MEM-165-25
Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) is seeking a hardworking and collaborative
Legislative Correspondent to manage the office’s active mail program. Additional issue
areas may be assigned as needed. Responsibilities include but are not limited to batching
incoming constituent outreach, drafting timely responses to constituent letters,
proofreading letters, tracking trends in constituent correspondence, and other duties as
assigned. This individual will also have the opportunity to assist on the health and
education portfolios.
Ideal candidates will have exceptional research and writing skills, strong attention to
detail, display good judgement, be effective at time management, and be a motivated team
player. This individual will often interact with constituents and must have a friendly and
professional demeanor.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples in one PDF document to NJ08hiring@gmail.com with the following subject line:
“Full Name – Legislative Correspondent.”
This is a full-time position. This office offers benefits including competitive options for
health, dental, vision, and life insurance; retirement match; student loan repayment; and
transit/parking benefits. The base salary range for this position is $53,000-$56,000.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex (including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability. Applicants with disabilities who require
reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes are
encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
is $95,000 and will be commensurate with experience. Hawaii ties are highly desirable but
not required.

MEM-161-25
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR - The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is
seeking a dynamic and experienced Communications Director to lead our
communications efforts. The ideal candidate will be an exceptional writer and manager
with a proven track record in media relations and strategic communication. Most
importantly, the Communications Director should have a genuine commitment to public
service and advocate for the best interests of Virginia’s First District.
Key Responsibilities:
• Oversee a two-person communications team, providing leadership and guidance to
ensure effective messaging and outreach.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Collaborate closely with legislative staff to articulate the Member’s policy priorities
in a timely, efficient, and relevant manner.
Draft press releases, Member statements, and other communications materials
that effectively convey the Congressman’s positions.
Pitch op-eds to local and national media outlets, securing coverage that enhances
the Congressman’s profile.
Proactively seek opportunities for the Member’s appearances on local and national
radio, television, and podcasts.
Create timely and relevant talking points for the Member and staff to use in various
communication settings.
Manage the communications budget, ensuring resources are allocated effectively
to support outreach efforts.
Develop and oversee the overall communications and messaging strategy for
Congressman Wittman.

Qualifications:
• Previous experience in a communications role, preferably in a congressional office,
political campaign, or related field.
• Strong understanding of policy issues and legislative processes.
• Exceptional writing, editing, and verbal communication skills.
• Proven ability to build relationships with media and stakeholders.
• Experience managing a team and coordinating multiple projects.
Application Instructions:
Interested applicants should email a resume and a brief cover letter
to Nicolle.Miranda@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the subject line.

MEM-158- 25
Midwest Conservative Republican is seeking a Legislative Assistant/Senior Legislative
Assistant.
The Legislative Assistant/Senior Legislative Assistant is responsible for developing and
advancing proactive policy proposals, monitoring legislative developments in assigned
issue areas, drafting vote recommendations, agency correspondence, representing the
member in meetings with constituents and key stakeholders, and other duties as assigned.
This person will be responsible for handling the Agriculture Committee portfolio, in
addition to other policy areas as well.
Applicants should have previous Capitol Hill, legislative, or policy experience, excellent
research, writing, and verbal communication skills, strong attention to detail, and the
ability to handle multiple responsibilities simultaneously in a fast-paced environment. Ties
to the Midwest are preferred but not required.

Interested candidates should submit a
resume midwesternrepublicanoffice@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line. This is not an entry level position.

