Internship Openings
Week of March 30, 2026
MEM-102-26
Summer internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be held in-person in the Washington,
D.C. office. The D.C. press internship will run approximately from May 26th, 2026, through
Early August, with some room for flexibility. All interns are paid a stipend and provided with
the necessary technology for their work. Schedules are flexible to accommodate course
schedules and academic programs; however, a minimum availability of 20-25 hours per
week is highly preferred.
The press intern will have the opportunity to work with staff in both the D.C. and district
offices over the course of the internship and the program is easily tailored to fit interns’
interests and career goals. As a result, the press intern will learn about both the legislative
process and the communications operation of a congressional office and gain hands-on
professional experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s Second
Congressional District.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident and
effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong writing and digital
skills. They are also comfortable speaking on the phone and working with the general
public.
Application Instructions:
To apply for the press internship in the DC office, please email a combined PDF of
your resume, two digital samples and a one-page cover letter to
RepCraigPress@mail.house.gov. Please format your email subject line as "Craig
Press Internship: FirstName LastName.”
Please include your weekly availability between the hours of 9:00am and 6:00pm in
your cover letter and confirm that you will be available for in-person work.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds to
apply. Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,
disability, age or protected veteran status.

Applications must be submitted no later than 9am CT/10am ET on Wednesday, April
1st to RepCraigPress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-097-26
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Summer 2026 term.
Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process first-hand
and the many functions of a Congressional office. The Press and Digital Intern will
help build out the Congresswoman’s digital and social media presence, with heavy
emphasis on creating engaging social media content and graphics.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist
with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video
editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. Press Intern responsibilities will vary but may
include answering phones and data entry. Washington DC interns may be asked to assist
in researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending briefings,
hearings, and markups, and answering constituent letters on various issues.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official
website and complete the application
form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application, a
cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to California’s 7th
District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a rolling
basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race,
religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family
status, or military status.

MEM-096-26
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Sacramento) offices
for the Summer 2026 term. Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the
legislative process first-hand and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data entry.
Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation for the Member
and legislative staff, attending briefings, hearings, and markups; and answering
constituent letters on various issues. Interns based in California may also be asked to
assist on a variety of constituent casework or in-district projects, as needed.

To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official
website and complete the application
form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application, a
cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to California’s 7th
District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a rolling
basis. All applications are considered on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race,
religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family
status, or military status."

MEM-095-26
COMMUNICATIONS INTERN/FELLOW – The Committee on House Administration
Democratic staff is currently seeking to fill the Communications Intern/Communications
Fellow vacancy. The individual in this role will work closely with a fast-paced
communications team. Qualified candidates should have demonstrated graphic design
experience, strong writing and social media skills, and a desire to help create engaging
content.
Key responsibilities will include:
• Drafting social media content and designing graphics
• Editing and captioning videos
• Compiling daily press clips
• Taking photos during Committee hearings and events
• Drafting press releases, media advisories, and weekly reports
The Committee on House Administration is primarily responsible for oversight of the
House offices and legislative branch agencies within the Committee’s portfolio. These
include the Library of Congress, Smithsonian Institution (including the National Zoo), Chief
Administrative Officer, Clerk of the House, Sergeant at Arms, House Inspector General,
United States Capitol Police, Government Publishing Office, Architect of the Capitol,
Office of Congressional Accessibility Services, and the Office of Congressional Workplace
Rights.
To apply, candidates should submit a resume, and at least two graphic design and
writing samples to resume.chadem@mail.house.gov with the subject line:
"Communications Intern _ [First Name] [Last Name]”.
This is a paid, full-time, limited term position. The intern will learn about House Committee
practice, the legislative process, and the policy areas in the Committee’s jurisdiction. The
office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. The Committee is

committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.

MEM-093-26
Digital/Press Intern
The Office of Congressman Salud Carbajal (CA-24) is seeking a highly motivated and
creative Digital/Press Intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation based
in his Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2026 term (late April - July). The Digital/Press
Intern will help build out the Congressman’s digital and social media footprint, with heavy
emphasis on creating engaging social media content and graphics. Qualified candidates
should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist with time-sensitive
assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing software.
Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including internships) are
preferred but not required. California or Central Coast ties and Spanish literacy are a plus.
The intern will work closely with the Communications Director, Digital/Creative Assistant,
Legislative Aide/Correspondent, and Scheduler.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Compiling daily press clips
• Creating engaging graphics and editing photos
• Assisting the Digital/Creative Assistant with social media content, website content
and digital newsletters
• Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
• Assisting with press releases, op-eds, advisories, and other written materials
• Creating and maintaining press lists
• Compiling regular comms reports on press and social media results
• Additional responsibilities include assisting the Legislative Aide/Correspondent and
Scheduler with administrative tasks (e.g. answering phone calls, greeting visitors,
etc.) and legislative tasks (e.g. batching incoming messages on Fireside, drafting
constituent letters, writing cosponsor recommendations, etc.)
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:
A qualified candidate will possess strong social media and graphic design skills. Past
experiences with Canva, Photoshop, and other digital/graphic/video design platforms are a
major plus.
TO APPLY:
The internship will run from late April to July, with the possibility of an extended end date.
The hours are roughly 32 hours a week and are flexible to accommodate schedules, but
generally run 9 AM to 6 PM ET when Congress is in session and 9 AM to 5 PM ET when
Congress is out of session. This position is in-person.

Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, two digital
samples, and dates/hours of availability to Tommy.Vo@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “First Name Last Name – Digital Intern.” This is a full-time, limited term
position and offers a $1,500 monthly stipend from the office of Congressman
Carbajal’s unless the intern is already receiving credit/stipend through a third party.
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer and
encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Deadline to apply is
Friday, April 3, 2026. However, candidates are encouraged to submit their materials
early to ensure timely consideration.

MEM-092-26
The Office of Congressman David Scott (GA-13) is hiring interns to work in his Washington,
D.C. office for the summer semester. The internship will run approximately from early-mid
May 2026, through early August, with some room for flexibility.
All interns will have the opportunity to work with the legislative, communications, and
operations teams. Responsibilities include but are not limited to answering constituent
phone calls, giving tours of the Capitol, attending policy briefings and meetings,
researching legislation for the legislative staff, and other duties as necessary.
As a result, interns will learn about the legislative process, learn about all the different
functions of a congressional office and gain hands-on professional experience while
serving the constituents of Georgia’s Thirteenth Congressional District.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident and
effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong writing skills.
They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with the public.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter indicating availability, and a
short writing sample to davidscott.internships@mail.house.gov with “DC Intern: Full
Name” in the subject line. All interns are paid a stipend of $1,200 per month.
Applicants who have strong ties to GA-13 are encouraged to apply.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. The priority application deadline is
Friday, April 2nd at 5 pm EST. Please NO calls or walk-ins.
All qualified applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are encouraged to
apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-089-26
The U.S. House Financial Services Committee – Majority Staff is seeking law clerks for the
summer of 2026. The position offers law students the opportunity to gain experience
conducting congressional oversight and investigations. Law clerk responsibilities will
include conducting legal research, drafting memorandum, letters, and reports, assisting
Committee staff in performing administrative duties, and other duties as assigned. Law
clerks will work closely with counsels and professional staff on a wide range of issues. This
position is unpaid, but law school credit is available. Previous Capitol Hill, prosecutorial,
investigative, or litigation experience preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to
erin.kuhls@mail.house.gov.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-080-26
Summer internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be held in-person in the Washington,
D.C. office. The D.C. internship will run approximately from May 26th, 2026, through Early
August, with some room for flexibility. All interns are paid a stipend and provided with the
necessary technology for their work. Schedules are flexible to accommodate course
schedules and academic programs; however, a minimum availability of 20-25 hours per
week is highly preferred.
All interns will have the opportunity to work with staff in both the D.C. and district offices
over the course of the internship and the program is easily tailored to fit interns’ policy
interests and career goals. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative process, learn
about all the different functions of a congressional office and gain hands-on professional
experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s Second Congressional District.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident and
effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong writing skills.
They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with the general public.
Application Instructions:
• To apply for an internship in the DC office, please email a combined PDF of your
resume and one-page cover letter to craig.internships@mail.house.gov. Please

•

format your email subject line as "FirstName.LastName – DC Office Internship"
to specify which office you are applying for.
Please include your weekly availability between the hours of 9:00am and 6:00pm in
your cover letter and confirm that you will be available for in-person work.

We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds to
apply. Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,
disability, age or protected veteran status.
For all summer internships, applications must be submitted no later than 9am
CT/10am ET on Wednesday, April 1st to craig.internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-077-26
The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton provides seasonal internship
opportunities to undergraduate and graduate students interested in gaining congressional
work experience in her Capitol Hill Office and in her District Office.
Responsibilities of congressional interns include, but are not limited to, answering
telephones, opening and sorting mail, organizing Capitol tours to constituents, tracking
legislation, attending community events, assisting with constituent casework,
coordinating press-related activities, attending hearings, and preparing constituent
correspondence. These tasks give students valuable, direct interaction with the inner
workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process.
If you would like to be considered for an internship in Congresswoman Norton's
Capitol Hill office, please include the following as individual attachments: one-page
cover letter, resume, writing sample (2 pages max.) and at least one letter of
recommendation in an email to Raya.Kenney@mail.house.gov with the following in
the subject line: Norton Hill Office Summer 2026 Internship Application - First Name
Last Name
To be considered for an internship in Congresswoman Norton's District Office, please
include the following as individual attachments: one-page cover letter, resume,
writing sample (2 pages max.) and at least one letter of recommendation in an email
to dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov with the following in the subject line: Norton
District Office Summer 2026 Internship Application - First Name Last Name
If you are applying for both offices, please do so in separate emails.
**Please note that internships are in person, require a minimum three-month
commitment, are paid, and require applicants to be enrolled in or recently graduated
from a post-secondary institution. DC ties are preferred, but not required. Candidates

from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-070-26
The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY, will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Summer Semester 2026.
Applications will be accepted March 3rd – April 3rd, 2026.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Completing constituent calls
• Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations
• Day-to-day office work
• Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the D.C.
office
• Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case work
or work on District-based projects of importance
Interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office, congressional
communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students and current graduate students. For more information on the
district internship please visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
To apply for the Spring 2026 District Office Internship, please fill out the google form
found here: https://forms.gle/bipy9tt71qn5uuN6A. Spring 2026 DO Internship
Application Google Form. Our office will be accepting applications on a rolling basis

until April 3rd at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit their application
early.

MEM-069-26
In the Washington, D.C. office, internships run throughout the year based on the semester
calendar. Applicants must be based in Washington, D.C. for the duration of the internship.
Our internship program typically runs during these times:
•
•
•

Spring: Mid-January to mid-May; application window opens in September
Summer: Mid-May to mid-August; application window opens in February
Fall: Early September to mid-December; application window opens in June

Ideal candidates should possess excellent written and verbal communications skills, a
strong attention to detail, the ability to succeed in a fast-paced work environment, and a
good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not required.
Washington, D.C. Internship Responsibilities:
Interns in the Washington, D.C. office play an important role in the daily operations of the
office and gain firsthand experience in the legislative process.
Core Responsibilities (all interns):
All interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing other
inquiries
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting constituent
letters
• Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team
• Assisting with day-to-day office work and other duties as delegated by members of
the staff
• Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the Rochester
office
• Other administrative tasks as assigned
Additional Responsibilities (by focus area):
Each semester, interns have the opportunity to take on additional duties based on office
needs and individual interests. These may include responsibilities in Communications,

Scheduling, or Correspondence:
Communications Interns may:
• Compile daily press clips and monitor media coverage of issues relevant to the
Member
• Draft press releases, media advisories, and statements under staff guidance
• Assist with social media content creation and scheduling
• Help update the office website and other digital platforms
• Maintain press contact lists and track media inquiries
• Support logistics for press events and prepare briefing materials for interviews or
appearances
Scheduling Interns may:
• Assist with processing and tracking incoming invitations to the Member
• Confirm details and logistics for meetings, events, and travel
• Help maintain the Member’s calendar and coordinate with district staff as needed
• Prepare briefing materials for scheduled events or meetings
• Support logistics for events, including visitor coordination and follow-up
• Assist with schedule adjustments, conflicts, and communications
Correspondence Interns may:
• Track and organize inbound constituent correspondence
• Draft responses to constituent letters on legislative issues and policy questions
under staff supervision
• Research issues raised by constituents to inform responses
• Assist the Legislative Correspondent in preparing reports summarizing constituent
concerns and trends
Throughout the semester, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.
Full-time paid internships run Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House
Calendar). Part-time internships are scheduled to accommodate students’ course
schedules, as well as the needs of the office. Part-time interns can expect to receive either
pay or academic credit. Interns must be a U.S. citizen and legally eligible to work for the U.S.
federal government.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college graduates.

To apply for the Summer 2026 DC Internship, please fill out the google form found here:
Summer 2026 DC Internship Application Google Form. Our office will be accepting
applications on a rolling basis until April 3rd at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged
to submit their application early.

MEM-052-26
Internship Opportunity: Office of the Representative Joseph D. Morelle Rochester, NY
The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY, will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Summer Semester 2026.
Applications will be accepted March 3rd – April 3rd, 2026.

Interns will be responsible for:
• Completing constituent calls
• Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations
• Day-to-day office work
• Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the D.C.
office
• Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case work
or work on District-based projects of importance
Interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office, congressional
communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students and current graduate students. For more information on the
district internship please visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships

To apply for the Spring 2026 District Office Internship, please fill out the google form
found here: https://forms.gle/bipy9tt71qn5uuN6A. Spring 2026 DO Internship
Application Google Form. Our office will be accepting applications on a rolling basis
until April 3rd at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit their application
early.

