Member and Committee Openings
Week of March 10, 2025
MEM-088-25
Senior Auditor Information Systems
The Senior Auditor Information Systems is responsible for the day-to-day accomplishment
of assigned audit tasks required in evaluating information systems activities of the U.S.
House of Representatives (House). All work is performed in compliance with the OEice of
Inspector General (OIG) Policies and Procedures Manual and appropriate professional
standards. All duties are performed in the highest ethical manner, while exhibiting the OIG
Core Values of Integrity, Excellence, and Innovation.
Major Duties:
- Independently plan and perform audit objectives for information systems audits,
including audits of general and application controls and information system management
processes.
- Independently conﬁgure, use and design tests for audit tools (i.e. software and/or
scripts); test systems for vulnerabilities; analyze the data produced; and translate that
data into validated audit issues.
- Independently perform assigned audit tasks including, collecting and analyzing relevant
documents/data and performing complex analysis to identify potential audit issues,
causes, and solutions.
- Assess the risk and signiﬁcance to House systems/operations of issues identiﬁed from
assigned audit objectives.
- Conduct meetings, interviews, and brieﬁngs.
- Produce work products to include audit work papers and brieﬁng documents.
- Brief supervisors on work performed, audit issues identiﬁed, and any unexpected delays
or problems.
- Stay apprised of current audit techniques, issues, and trends in information systems and
systems security.
- Identify potential audit areas for the IS Division as part of the annual audit planning
process and write corresponding fact sheets.
- Contribute to improving the IS Division and the OIG oEice through eEorts such as
identifying and implementing new and improved processes, techniques, and tools;

proposing process changes needed to implement improvements; sharing knowledge; and
providing assistance.
Other Duties:
- Propose personal training and development plans.
- Provide assistance to contractors as assigned.
- Participate in special projects and other tasks as assigned.
Requirements of the Position and Additional Information:
· Education:
- An undergraduate degree in a relevant ﬁeld such as Information Technology or Computer
Science, Management Information Systems, Cybersecurity, Accounting or Business
Administration (with IT Focus), Data Analytics or Data Science.
- 24 semester hours of accounting (may include up to 6 semester hours in business law) is
required.
- An applicable graduate degree or one professional certiﬁcation is required. Qualifying
certiﬁcations include: CISA, CISSP, CIA, and CRISC.
· Experience:
- At least 5 years of experience performing information systems audits, including audits of
general controls, application controls, and information systems processes.
- Extensive experience and knowledge of information systems, information systems
auditing, information systems security, information systems management, computer
operating systems, network protocols, and audit tools and techniques.
· Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities
- Knowledge of government auditing standards.
- Knowledge of risk assessment concepts.
- Knowledge and understanding of work management concepts.
- Ability to work non-standard hours, as needed.
- Ability to switch job priorities; overcome obstacles.
- Communicate complex ideas/facts clearly in a well-organized manner and actively
listen.
- Examine situations using facts; draw unbiased conclusions.
- Ability to display understanding, courtesy, respect, and tact in various interactions;
establish and maintain positive working relationships, contribute to organizational
eEectiveness, and implement conﬂict management.
- Collaborate with others, facilitate achievement of goals, and share information and
provide assistance in team eEorts.
- Apply skills, methods, and tools, gather and analyze data.
- Execute processes/procedures required by the OIG Policies and Procedures Manuals.
- Demonstrate initiative when opportunities are made available.
- Inﬂuence others to maximize eEorts towards achievement of a goal.

Pre-employment Criminal History Records Check and ﬁngerprinting is required.
Drug testing-designated position. Pre-employment drug screening is required.
Relocation expenses will not be paid.
How Resumes Will Be Ranked:
Candidates whose resumes indicate they meet the education and professional
certiﬁcation requirements, and who also possess the knowledge and experience as listed
in this announcement will be given preference.
Beneﬁts of Working at the House of Representatives:
1. General Beneﬁts - U.S. House of Representatives staE are eligible to participate in the
various employee beneﬁts plans to which other federal employees are entitled. For
instance, Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts, Flexible Spending Account, Federal
Employees Life Insurance, Long-term Care Insurance, Thrift Savings Plan, Federal
Retirement Programs, etc.
Health Insurance: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/planinformation/plans/
Dental and Vision: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/dental-vision/
Flexible Spending Accounts: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/ﬂexiblespending-accounts/
Life Insurance: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/life-insurance/
Long-term Care: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/long-term-care/
Thrift Savings Plan: https://www.tsp.gov/index.html
Retirement Program: https://www.opm.gov/retirement-services
2. Leave accumulation. Prior federal service and work experience in a related ﬁeld are
considered when calculating an employee's rate of leave accumulation. (The Inspector
General has the discretion to grant credit to new employees, for leave accrual purposes,
for prior related non-federal work experience). All employees accumulate 12 days of sick
leave per year regardless of length of prior federal or non-federal service. Annual Leave is
calculated as follows:
- Less than 3 years of service/experience = 12 days annual leave per year
- Between 3 years and 6 years of service/experience = 18 days annual leave per year
- 6 or more years of service/experience = 24 days annual leave per year
3. Student Loan Repayment Program. Employees may be eligible for reimbursement of up
to $10,000 per year (with a maximum of $80,000 in total) for federally-backed student
loans.
4. Gym Membership. House employees are eligible for membership to the House StaE
Fitness Center.
5. On-site daycare facility.
6. Flexible work schedule.
7. Eligibility for either free, on-site parking or an amount up to the Department of
Transportation monthly limit for mass transit beneﬁts.

Work Environment and Location:
The work is usually performed in an oEice environment. Overnight travel is rare. The work
is primarily sedentary but there may be some walking in, to, and/or from House OEice
Buildings, or other buildings and facilities of the Capitol Complex.
The OEicial Work Site for the OIG is the Capitol Complex, speciﬁcally the Ford House
OEice Building. Telework/telecommuting may be available for staE, depending on the
position and at the sole discretion of the IG, but only to the extent that the work is done
within the Greater Washington D.C., Maryland, and Virginia area.
ALL applicants must submit a resume and cover letter, on or before the closing date, that
clearly presents the applicant's knowledge, experience, and education to meet the
requirements of the position.
2) Submit your resume and cover letter via email to OIGResumes@mail.house.gov ONLY.
Reference our vacancy announcement ID, " IG-25-01 IS-HGOV”, in the Subject Line of your
email.
a. Do NOT send transcripts, copies of degrees or certiﬁcations, references, etc.
b. Do NOT send Veteran's preference* documents to the OIGResumes email address.
*FOR VETERAN'S PREFERENCE APPLICANTS ONLY: Hiring for this position is governed
by the Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA). Applicants who are seeking
consideration of veteran's preference should send a separate email directly to
Stanita.Thomas@mail.house.gov to request the form and instructions to apply for
veteran's preference in the U.S. House of Representatives. The completed veteran's
preference form and supporting documentation must be received by this oEice on or
before the closing date of the vacancy announcement. For additional information on the
VEOA in the U.S. House of Representatives, please call Stanita Thomas at (202) 226-9210.
What To Expect:
When your email is received in the OIGResumes@mail.house.gov email inbox, the system
will generate an automated response acknowledging receipt of your email. Only
applicants selected for an interview will be contacted further.
Do NOT send resumes and cover letters or courtesy copies (cc) to
Stanita.Thomas@mail.house.gov.
U.S. citizens, nationals, or those that owe allegiance to the U.S are eligible to apply to this
posting. Other Requirements: Must be eligible for and maintain a minimum Secret security
clearance; Pre-employment Criminal History Records Check and ﬁngerprinting is required;
Drug testing-designated position. Pre-employment drug screening is required; and must
reside in or relocate to the Washington, D.C. area.

The O6ice of Inspector General is committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and
diverse work environment. All qualiﬁed candidates are encouraged to apply.
The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status),
sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin. Transportation and all
related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant. Moving and related relocation expenses are not available. Continued
employment with the Inspector General of the House of Representatives is contingent
upon satisfactorily completing a criminal history records check. Employment with the U.S.
House of Representatives is at-will.
NOTE: To be employed by a House o6ice in a paid position in the continental United States
an individual must:
1. Be a U.S. citizen;
2. Be lawfully admitted for permanent residence and seeking citizenship as outlined in 8
U.S.C. § 1324b(a)(3)(B);
3. Be (i) admitted as a refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157 or granted asylum under 8 U.S.C. §
1158 and (ii) have ﬁled a declaration of intention to become a lawful permanent resident
and then a citizen when eligible; or
4. Owe allegiance to the U.S. (i.e., qualify as a non-citizen U.S. national under federal law).
This is a Legislative Branch appointment. A current U.S. Federal employee selected for
hire from another branch (Executive, Judicial) of the U.S. Federal government must resign
from Federal service in their current branch to be appointed to a position in the Legislative
branch.

MEM-087-25
Congresswoman Dina Titus (D-NV-1) is seeking an experienced Digital Manager/Press
Assistant to lead digital media eEorts in a fast-paced Washington, D.C. oEice, and to assist
the Communications Director with press engagement. We are looking for a self-starting
professional with a strong background in political communications, social media
management, and online outreach. The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of
implementing digital strategies to bolster the Member’s online presence, while also
amplifying their policy record. This is not an entry-level position, and a successful
candidate must have at least 2 years of communications experience in a relevant setting.
Key Responsibilities:
1. Strategic Communications: Develop and execute strategic communication plans
in collaboration with senior staE and the legislative team, ensuring alignment with
the Congresswoman's priorities and legislative initiatives.
2. Social Media Management: Manage the Congresswoman's social media presence,
including developing engaging content (videos, photos, and other new media),
clipping interviews, and creating graphics for various platforms.

3. Website Maintenance: Ensure that the oEice website features timely and relevant
content.
4. Content Creation: Develop and edit videos, photos, and other digital content; and
assist the Communications Director with drafting talking points, speeches, press
releases, op-eds, and other materials in the Congresswoman's voice.
5. Media Outreach: Assist the Communications Director with pitching the
Congresswoman to both local and national TV, radio, and print media, positioning
her eEectively on key issues.
6. Event Planning: Assist the Communications Director with planning and managing
press conferences, tele-townhalls, roundtables, and other events in both
Washington, D.C., and the district.
Qualiﬁcations:
1. Exceptional Communication Skills: Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
2. Media Proﬁciency: Deep understanding of broadcast and online media.
3. Experience: At least 2 years of experience in developing communication strategy
for elected oEicials, government agencies, non-proﬁt organizations, or similar
entities.
4. Team Player: Expertise in advising others on communication strategy and the ability
to work eEectively with a team and Member of Congress.
5. Deadline-Oriented: Capable of producing communications materials under tight
deadlines.
6. Strategic Thinker: Politically savvy and skilled at navigating challenging situations
with the press and staE.
7. Adaptability: Ability to work ﬂexible hours, including long hours, nights, and
weekends, as needed.
8. Constructive Feedback: Willingness to accept performance-based criticism and
direction.
9. Relationship Building: Ability to maintain positive working relationships with the
Congresswoman, staE, and media professionals.
The salary for this position is $65,000 – $75,000 per year. Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Rep. Titus is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
To Apply: Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to NV01jobs@gmail.com with "Application: Rep. Titus Digital Manager/Press
Assistant" in the subject line.

MEM-086-25
The OEice of Rep. Latta is seeking a Sta_ Assistant for the Washington, D.C. oEice.
Responsibilities include staEing and overseeing the front oEice, answering phones and
sorting incoming mail, greeting constituents and visitors, handling tour and ﬂag requests,
managing the internship program, and providing general oEice support. In addition,
candidates should have excellent attention to detail and strong writing skills as the role
may include drafting constituent letters and assisting legislative staE with various projects.
The ideal candidate will be able to multi-task eEiciently, be able to work in a fast-paced
environment, and have strong organizational and communication skills. Ties to Ohio are
preferred and preference will be given to candidates who have a car and are able to drive to
assist in responsibilities driving the member.
Please send resumes to Andrew.Henthorn@mail.house.gov.

MEM-082-25
Field Representative
OEice of Congressman Greg Steube (FL-17)
Location: Sarasota, Florida
Salary Range: $55,000 - $75,000 (commensurate with experience)
SUMMARY:
The Field Representative serves as a liaison between Congressman Steube and
constituents, including municipal, county, state, and federal entities, non-proﬁts, and
businesses. This role represents the Congressman at community events, facilitates
casework, and monitors district issues. The ideal candidate should have a strong
understanding of congressional operations and established ties to Southwest Florida.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
• Represent the Congressman at community events and meetings in Florida’s 17th
District, serving as the primary point of contact for local governments,
organizations, and stakeholders.
• Act as a liaison between constituents and the DC oEice to facilitate federal policy
needs, funding opportunities, and legislative solutions.
• Manage constituent casework, monitor district issues, and support policy
discussions to ensure local concerns are eEectively communicated and addressed
at the federal level.
• Assist with core district oEice projects, including Service Academy Nominations
and the Congressional App Challenge.
• Occasionally answer oEice phones and oversee junior staE and interns.

•
•
•

Maintain and update records using the oEice’s constituent relationship
management system (IQ).
Work ﬂexible hours, including nights and weekends.
Perform other duties as assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS:
• Education: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution.
• Experience: Minimum of 2 years, with strong academic credentials.
• Skills & Knowledge:
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Understanding of the legislative process and government agencies.
• Knowledge of district issues and events.
• Ability to manage multiple priorities and work under pressure.
• Proﬁciency in oEice software and database management.
• Strong organizational skills and ability to exercise discretion in casework.
Please send resumes to ﬂoridarepublicanjobs@gmail.com

MEM-081-25
House GOP Appropriator Seeks Legislative Assistant
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to develop legislative initiatives related to a national security portfolio, including
cybersecurity, foreign aEairs, and armed services.
• to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House ﬂoor;
• to meet with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• at least 1 year of legislative experience in a full-time, paid position or legislative
fellowship
• excellent oral and written communication skills;
• thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• ability to work well under pressure;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted in
subject line.

MEM-080-25
Texas House Member Seeks Legislative Correspondent
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to manage a robust constituent correspondence and outreach program;
QUALIFICATIONS:
• prior Capitol Hill experience, either in a full-time capacity or through an internship
• excellent writing skills and attention to detail;
• familiarity with Indigov or a similar CRM software;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• ability to work well under pressure
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted in
subject line.

MEM-076-25
Congressman Mike Flood (NE-01) seeks a Special Assistant for his Washington, D.C.
Office.
The primary responsibility of the Special Assistant is to transport the Member and other
staff members to meetings and appointments as necessary, deliver and pickup materials
for the office, staff the Member at various meetings, plan for and cater to various
constituents and VIPs in DC, and serve as a personal aide to the Member when he is in
Washington, DC. When the Member is in the district, the Special Assistant will assist the
Operations Team with special projects and other misc. tasks. Typical responsibilities may
include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Driving the Member and other staE members as required for their oEicial duties,
sometimes before or after typical business hours.
Driving the Member to and from the airport, sometimes before or after typical
business hours.
Deliver and pickup materials for the oEice, including letters, packages, and
documents from other government agencies.
Working with the Operations Director to be aware of the Member’s schedule in order
to prepare the Member for his events/meetings.
Running errands and assisting the Operations Team with supplies and other misc.
administrative matters.
Assisting in sorting and delivering mail.
StaEing the Member at various meetings and events.
Catering to constituents and VIPs who happen to be in Washington, DC.

•

Serving as a personal aide to the Member, tending to various needs as they arise
while he is in Washington, DC.

The requirements for this position are:
•
•
•
•
•

•

•
•
•
•

Located in Washington, DC.
Regular, predictable and punctual attendance at assigned locations required for
performance of duties.
Ability to communicate eEectively with the Member and oEice staE, Members and
representatives from other oEices, outside organizations, and others.
Ability to work outside of traditional business hours as the Member’s schedule
dictates.
Ability to handle diEicult and sometimes tense interactions with members of the
public, including constituents, with tact while also prioritizing the well-being of the
Member.
Work is public-facing and requires frequent interaction with members of the public,
including constituents, in a courteous and tactful manner. Work requires extended
and unscheduled hours as dictated by the Member’s schedule and oEice needs.
Must possess a valid driver’s license and have a good driving record. A personal
vehicle used to drive the Member is not necessarily required.
Regularly lifts and moves luggage, books, ﬁles, documents, and other oEice
materials.
Must be able to prioritize and perform duties under pressure in a fast-paced
environment.
Regularly use typical oEice equipment, software programs, and methods of
communication, including, for example, a computer, email, telephone, smartphone,
photocopier, fax machine, etc.

Nebraska ties are preferred but not required for application. Interested applicants may
submit their resume and cover letter to FloodHiring@mail.house.gov.

MEM-074-25
Press/Digital Assistant—Congressman Jonathan L. Jackson seeks a full-time
Press/Digital Assistant to work in his Washington, D.C. office. This position reports to the
Communications Director.
Responsibilities:
• Create and manage content for the Member’s social media platforms, including copy,
graphics, and videos
• Assist with drafting and circulating the Member’s newsletter, press releases, statements,
talking points, and speeches

• Work with the Communications Director to develop content and graphics for franked
communications
• Monitor news outlets and social media and compile press clips that mention the Member
• Maintain Chicago and D.C. press lists
• Handle photography and videography at D.C.-based events
• Assist with updating the website
Qualifications:
• Heart for public service and helping others
• Exceptional attention to detail
• Strong writing and creative skills
• Experience in graphic design and video editing
• An ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a friendly and
professional manner
• Chicago ties and experience in competitive districts are preferred but not required.
• Experience in Congressional offices of political campaigns preferred but not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer. Please submit a resume and brief cover letter
to Robert.patillo@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME - Press/Digital Assistant Application”
in the subject line. Please do not call or drop by the office.

MEM-072-25
Press Assistant - The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking a Press
Assistant to help execute the congressman’s communications strategy and plan.
Primary responsibilities include: drafting press releases and talking points, writing email
newsletters for targeted constituent coalitions, promoting the congressman’s district
events and engagements, maintaining the communications content calendar, overseeing
website management and updates, branding through graphic design and video/audio
editing, managing social media accounts and analyzing their performance metrics, and
maintaining the congressman’s photo and video database. They will work with the
communications director to find new ways to grow the congressman’s following, increase
his name ID in the district, and maintain synergy across communications materials.
A strong candidate will be a creative, proactive communicator familiar with social media,
the legislative process, website maintenance, as well as photography, graphic design, and
video editing. Excellent writing and organizational skills are required. An ability to multitask
and work under tight deadlines is necessary. Strong candidates will have previous
congressional or political communications experience; ties to Virginia are helpful but not
required. Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples to Julianne.Heberlein@mail.house.gov with “Press Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-071-25
Press/Digital Assistant - Congresswoman Kristen McDonald Rivet (MI-08) seeks a fulltime Press/Digital Assistant, based in her Washington D.C. office. This position reports to
the Communications Director.
Responsibilities:
• Create and manage content for the Member’s social media platforms, including
copy, graphics, and videos
• Assist with drafting and circulating the Member’s newsletter, press releases,
statements, talking points, and speeches
• Work with Communications Director to develop content and graphics for franked
communications
• Monitor mentions of the Congresswoman across news outlets and social media,
and compile press clips
• Maintain Michigan and D.C. press lists
• Handle photography and videography at D.C.-based events
• Assist with updating the website
Qualifications:
• Heart for public service and helping others
• Exceptional attention to detail
• Strong writing and creative skills
• Experience in graphic design and video editing
• An ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a friendly and
professional manner
• Michigan ties and experience in competitive districts are preferred but not required
• Experience in Congressional offices of political campaigns preferred but not
required
Salary: $55,000 per year
The oEice is an equal-opportunity employer. Please submit a resume and brief cover
letter to tom.grandon@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME - Press/Digital Assistant
Application” in the subject line. Please do not call or drop-by the oEice.

MEM-067-25
District Director for Congressman Jonathan L. Jackson (D-IL-1).

Background:
Congressman Jackson has an immediate need to hire a dynamic leader to ﬁll the District
Director role in the Chicago OEice. This is a full-time position. Interested candidates are
encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter by Saturday, March 8, 2025. Once the
application period closes, the oEice will contact the best qualiﬁed candidates to begin the
interview process.
Job Expectations:
The District Director serves as the Member's senior staEer in the Congressional District.
This position works closely with the Chief of StaE, Legislative Director, and
Communications Director to establish strategies, plans, and activities for the Member.
Additionally, the District Director represents the Member at events and meetings
throughout the local community. The District Director also manages and oversees all
district oEice operations, workﬂow, assignments of responsibilities, and performance of
the team (e.g., constituent service representative/caseworker, staE assistant). Occasional
travel to the Washington, D.C. oEice is required.
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience.
Job Duties:
•

Collaborates with the Member, Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and
Communications Director to ensure district office strategies and operating plans
align with the Member's strategic vision and goals

•

Attends events, speaks to local groups, and meets with elected officials and
representatives in the district to serve as a primary representative on behalf of the
Member

•

Oversees the Member's constituent casework activities with Federal departments
and agencies to monitor progress and schedule meetings as necessary

•

Conducts district office staff meetings to ensure tasks are delegated and addressed
appropriately

•

Facilitates information sharing between the Member's district office and the D.C.
office

•

Understands and navigates differing perspectives and opinions to resolve conflicts
and develop solutions effectively

•

Interviews, selects, and trains employees of the district office to ensure the office is
appropriately staffed

•

Plans, assigns, and directs work of employees in the district office to manage staff
and evaluate their work

•

Oversees district office staff to ensure compliance with office policies, practices,
and procedures

•

Travels throughout the district at regular intervals to keep abreast of local concerns

•

Partners with the Member’s communications team to plan district-based media and
press events

Featured Skills:
•

•

•

•
•

Decision Making: Makes sound, well-informed, and objective decisions; perceives
the impact and implications of decisions. Commits to action to accomplish
organizational goals. Maintains appropriate levels of conﬁdentiality.
Advising: Provides guidance and persuades others; utilizes give and take to make
sure input is considered on important decisions; considers the legislative and
political situation to provide valuable guidance.
Managing Others: Plans, distributes, and monitors work assignments of others;
evaluates work performance and provides ongoing feedback to others on their
performance and opportunities to learn through formal and informal methods.
Planning and Coordination: Organizes work and sets priorities. Coordinates with
others to accomplish goals; monitors progress and evaluates outcomes.
Political Acumen: Identiﬁes the internal and external politics that impact work.
Perceives organizational and political reality and acts accordingly.

Preferences:
•
•

Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience preferred
Experience developing a community relations strategy for a Member of Congress,
elected official, or Federal agency is preferred

•

Familiarity with Congressman Jackson’s district and/or IL is required

•

Management experience is required

Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume by Saturday,
March 8, 2025, to edward.hamb@mail.house.gov.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-064-25
Oversight and Investigations Law Clerk
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations (Democratic StaE) is seeking a Law Clerk for Summer 2025 to assist in
conducting oversight and investigations of issues within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction. Law Clerks will work closely with Subcommittee counsel and professional

staE on a wide range of issues related to the environment, energy, health care, and
consumer protection sectors. This is a paid position.
Responsibilities include assisting in the preparation for Congressional hearings;
contributing to the management of investigations of governmental and private entities;
conducting research, document review, and analysis; drafting letters, memoranda, and
investigative reports; and coordinating with other Subcommittees of the full Committee.
The ideal candidate will be in at least their second year of law school or is a recent law
school graduate who is a detail-oriented and proactive problem-solver with strong
communication and legal research and writing skills. Women, people of color, veterans,
and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The oEice is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Law clerks will receive a stipend, and
applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their
educational institution.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C O&I Law Clerk.”
Applications are due on March 21, 2025.

MEM-063-25
Congresswoman Maxine Dexter, M.D. (OR-03) seeks a creative, proactive Digital/Press
Assistant in her Washington, D.C. oEice. This is a full-time position.
The Digital/Press Assistant reports to the Communications Director and will play a crucial
role in executing the oEice’s strategic communications plan, speciﬁcally in executing the
oEice’s social media and digital communications.
This position requires a comprehensive understanding of social media trends, superior
writing skills, considerable experience with photography, graphic design, and video editing,
and the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment. Oregon ties are a
plus but not required.
This oEice is an equal-opportunity employer committed to developing an organization that
is reﬂective of the district that we serve. The oEice does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
Key Responsibilities:

•

•
•
•
•
•
•

Develop and implement the oEice’s digital and social media strategy; create and
maintain a consistent stream of digital content for member’s social media
platforms and website; includes rapid response
Assist with drafting newsletters, press releases, talking points, scripts, opeds/letters to the editor, newsletters, and other written materials
Film and edit videos for social media, including Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, etc.
Develop and update website content
Create/maintain press lists
Clip TV appearances, ﬂoor speeches, and other video content for social media.
Other tasks as needed

Salary range is $60,000-70,000.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, 2-3 digital samples, mail
to:OR3Resumes@gmail.com. and with the subject line “Digital/Press Assistant - [Your
Name]” to OR3Resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-054-25
Communications Advisor
Location: Washington, D.C.
Congresswoman Melanie Stansbury (NM-01) is hiring a strategic Communications Advisor
to support her OEice’s work on the DOGE Subcommittee of the House Oversight
Committee and on behalf of New Mexico’s First Congressional District.
This is not an entry level position. Previous experience on Capitol Hill and/or high-level
political communications experience is required, along with a solid understanding of
Congress and the legislative process.
Strong preference for New Mexico ties, where possible. This Communications Advisor will
be joining a dedicated, hard-working, and upbeat team working to defend our democracy
and serving the state of New Mexico. This role will require strong coordination and writing
skills.
This Communications Advisor will report to the Communications Director and work closely
with the Congresswoman’s Leadership, Legislative and District OEice teams to develop
and execute a coordinated communications plan to keep the public and constituents
informed on critical matters before Congress and aEecting the state.
Job responsibilities will include strategic planning, drafting speeches, written remarks,
press statements, and more:
The ideal candidate will also possess the following:

• Exceptional writing and researching skills.
• Ability to work long hours (including weekends and evenings as needed), under pressure,
while remaining collaborative and eEective.
• Thoroughness and attention to detail.
• Discretion and sound judgment.
• An independent self-starter and team-player.
• Strong organizational, time-management, and project management skills with the ability
to juggle multiple priorities simultaneously.
• Self-starting, high dependability, adaptability, and organization skills.
This oEice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
sex (including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Interested candidates must submit a resume to repstansburyresumes@mail.house.gov by
March 7 with the following subject line: “Last Name – Communications Advisor.” Interviews
will be conducted on a rolling basis.
Out of fairness to all candidates, those who do not submit their materials to this email will
not be considered. Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a single PDF saved with
LastName.FirstName.CommunicationsAdvisor to include:
1. Cover letter
2. Resume
3. Two writing samples

MEM-053-25
The House Committee on Financial Services is seeking an experienced securities attorney
to serve as Counsel to the Subcommittee on Capital Markets of the House Committee
on Financial Services.
Position Overview:
The Counsel will play a vital role in advancing the Subcommittee's work on capital
formation and SEC institutional reforms, among other issue areas. The Counsel will work
closely with Committee leadership and staE to develop legislation and policy initiatives.
Key Responsibilities:
- Conduct comprehensive legal research and analysis to support the Subcommittee's
initiatives
- Draft and review legislation within the Subcommittee's jurisdiction
- Represent the Subcommittee in meetings with Members of Congress, interest groups,
government agencies, and other stakeholders

- Analyze complex documents, legislation, and regulatory materials to prepare brieﬁng
materials for Committee members and staE
- Provide legal counsel to the Chairman
- Develop brieﬁng papers and policy documents
- Prepare and support Committee hearings and markups
- Contribute to additional projects based on expertise and interests
Qualiﬁcations Required:
- Juris Doctor (JD) degree from an accredited law school
- Active membership in good standing with a state bar
- Minimum 5 years of experience
- Strong understanding of federal securities laws and regulations
- Excellent analytical, research, and writing skills
- Outstanding interpersonal and communication abilities
- Demonstrated ability to manage multiple complex projects simultaneously
- Experience in analyzing and drafting legislation
Preferred:
- Prior experience at the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
- Background in capital markets regulation and policy
- Legislative or government aEairs experience
- Knowledge of congressional procedures and legislative process
Additional Information:
This position oEers signiﬁcant opportunity for professional growth and the ability to shape
the role based on expertise and interest. Work is conducted collaboratively as part of a
dynamic team environment, with shared responsibilities and opportunities for crossfunctional engagement.
How to Apply:
Please email Zach.Gates@mail.house.gov to apply with a resume and cover letter.

MEM-051-25
DISTRICT STAFF ASSISTANT - Communications and OEice Logistics
The OEice of U.S. Representative Greg Landsman (OH-01) seeks an organized and
proactive professional to serve as a StaE Assistant in our Cincinnati and Lebanon, OH
oEices.
This position is responsible for driving the Congressman to and from the airport on ﬂy-in
and ﬂy-out days and to and from district events. Additionally, the role serves as a critical
part of the communications team, capturing photos; videos and writing copy for the
Congressman’s social media and public communications. Lastly, this role will support

district oEice operations by serving as the point of contact for oEice logistics, including
managing equipment, shipping and receiving supplies, and essential IT support, such as
helping with onboarding and oEboarding new hires and interns.
Candidates for this role should have an exceptional driving record, a car, and car insurance.
They should also have a background in graphic design, video production, photography, or
social media. The ideal candidate should also possess strong writing and communication
skills, exceptional customer service; time management and organizational skills, paying
close attention to detail. The ability to prioritize and follow through on multiple competing
priorities in a fast-paced environment is foundational to working in the oEice.
A valid U.S. driver’s license and consistent access to a vehicle are required for the position.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The oEice is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Salary range is $45,000-$55,000, commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please email
reginald.harris@mail.house.gov with “StaE Assistant” in the subject line and the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF:
• Cover letter
• Résumé
• Two references including name, current title and organization, phone number,
email, and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will
not contact these references without reaching out to you for your approval)
• An attachment or link to any video editing, photography, and/or social media
content entirely produced by the applicant
No phone calls or drop bys, please.

MEM-047-25
The OEice of Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-32) is seeking to ﬁll a job opening for a
Caseworker position in the (Sherman Oaks) district oEice.
Caseworker responsibilities include: Interact with constituents via phone, email and inoEice meetings; Assist senior staE with administrative responsibilities; Input, ﬁle and
review constituent inquiries; Contact federal agencies on behalf of constituents.

Applicant should be organized, professional, highly motivated and must possess strong
writing, typing and interpersonal skills. Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment
and meet deadlines. Proﬁciency with Microsoft OEice and database software preferred.
Position is entry-level, but past experience in a social work or government ﬁeld is preferred.
Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college or university with a
bachelor's degree.
Salary starts at $45,000 annually, with additional considerations made for relevant
experience. We oEer a generous student loan reimbursement package.
Please submit cover letter and resume attn: Scott Abrams to
scott.abrams@mail.house.gov . No calls please

MEM-046-25
The House Committee on Homeland Security Republican StaE is hiring for a Counsel (JD
required) or Professional Sta_ Member supporting the Director of Investigations and the
Subcommittee on Oversight, Investigations, and Accountability.
The ideal candidate will have at least two years of experience with a background or strong
interest in congressional oversight and investigations. Experience in homeland security
issues is a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staEing Subcommittee and some Full
Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and some Full Committee
correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as well as with outside organizations,
conducting depositions/ transcribed interviews, reviewing document productions,
legislation, research, managing external sources of information, and interacting with
various congressional committee and personal oEices.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, superior attention to detail, be selfmotivated, work well under pressure, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. The ability to work both independently and as part of a team are
critical. Prior Hill experience preferred. Interested candidates should send a resume and
cover letter to Resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov with the subject line “OIA Counsel <Applicant First and Last Name> - OIA Counsel” or “OIA PSM - <Applicant First and Last
Name>.”

MEM-042-25
The OEice of Congressman Gabe Vasquez (NM-02) seeks an experienced, highly organized,
and detail-oriented Scheduler to be based in his Washington, DC oEice. This is not an

entry-level position. Candidates must have exceptional organizational skills, meticulous
attention to detail, expertise prioritizing and managing multiple tasks under tight deadlines,
and the ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment for a battleground
Member.
The Scheduler serves as a key player of the team by managing the Member’s time. This role
reports to and works closely with the Chief of StaE but is expected to be a leader and team
player in coordinating closely with the full team regarding the Member’s schedule.
Core Responsibilities
•
•

•
•

•
•
•

Evaluating, organizing, and responding to all incoming meeting and event requests
in coordination with the Chief of StaE in a timely manner.
Maintains the Member’s daily and long-term schedule, coordinates travel, and acts
as a liaison for the Member with other congressional oEices, constituents, and
stakeholders.
Briefs the Member weekly on upcoming events, meetings, and other scheduling
matters in Washington, DC and New Mexico.
Collaborates with the Member and Senior StaE to determine and ﬁnalize the
Member’s daily and long-term schedules, and collect brieﬁng materials (e.g.,
memos, talking points, and speeches).
Manages Member and oEice operations in Washington, D.C. including coordination
of Member movements, meetings, and oE-campus events.
Works closely with ﬁnancial administrator for travel and oEicial expenses.
Reports directly to the Chief of StaE and Member.

Qualiﬁcations: The ideal candidate will have congressional work experience and prior
scheduling experience. New Mexico ties and Spanish-language proﬁciency are a plus.
To apply, please send a cover letter and resume as a single document to
NM02applications@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler: [Your Name]” as the subject line.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; the office does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age,
disability, or military status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

MEM-040-25
Overview: Congressman Rob Wittman is seeking a highly motivated and experienced
Legislative Director to lead his legislative agenda and coordinate policy initiatives in his
Washington, D.C. oEice. The Legislative Director would handle the Congressman’s Natural
Resources Committee assignment, as well as Energy, Environment and Chesapeake Bay,

Tax, Telecom/Broadband, Transportation & Infrastructure, Appropriations and the Budget,
Immigration, Labor/Workforce/Federal Employees. In addition, the Legislative Director will
have a close working relationship with the Chief of StaE in building and maintaining
relationships with other lawmakers, committee staE, and advocacy groups.
The Legislative Director should be knowledgeable about issues relating to Virginia and VA01, and work closely with the District Director and district stakeholders, including local
leaders, businesses, and community organizations, to understand their needs and
incorporate their perspectives into legislative eEorts. Most importantly, the Legislative
Director should have a genuine commitment to public service and advocating for the best
interests of Virginia’s First District.
Key Responsibilities:
• Develop and implement a comprehensive legislative strategy aligned with the
Congressman’s priorities and constituents' needs.
• Manage and mentor a legislative team, provide guidance, and foster collaboration
among staE members.
• Build and maintain relationships with other lawmakers, committee staE, advocacy
groups, and stakeholders to advance the Congressman’s legislative goals.
• Engage with district stakeholders, including local leaders, businesses, and
community organizations, to understand their needs and incorporate their
perspectives into legislative eEorts.
• Understand the political landscape and anticipate the implications of legislative
actions as it relates to VA-01.
• Draft legislation, amendments, and policy papers, ensuring clarity and adherence to
congressional procedures.
• Maintains up-to-date tracking reports on all legislative items including Sponsored
and Cosponsored legislation and letters, provisions in larger bills, and district wins.
• Review responses to all constituent mail, and review content produced by the
communications team.
• Represent the Congressman in meetings with constituents, interest groups, and
other legislative oEices.
• Monitor legislative developments and provide timely updates to the Congressman
and his staE.
Qualiﬁcations:
• Minimum of 5 years of experience in legislative aEairs, public policy, or a related
ﬁeld, preferably in a congressional oEice.
• Strong understanding of the legislative process and federal government operations.
• Excellent writing, research, and communication skills.
• Proven ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment and manage
multiple priorities.
• Commitment to public service and the values of Congressman Wittman.

•

Virginia ties Preferred

Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and references to
Carolyn.King@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Legislative Director Application.”

MEM-034-25
House Committee on Veterans’ A_airs (Majority) Contracts Investigator
The House Committee on Veterans’ AEairs Majority staE seeks a subject matter expert on
government procurement, contracting, and acquisition.
Core Responsibilities:
•

•

•
•
•

Under the supervision of the General Counsel for the Committee, the individual will
conduct oversight and develop policies relating to Department of Veterans AEairs
(VA) procurement, contracting, and acquisition.
The responsibilities encompass the entire VA, which includes the Veterans Beneﬁts
Administration, Veterans Health Administration, National Cemetery Administration,
and VA Central OEice organizations. This also covers a wide range of activities such
as small-dollar procurement, contracting by negotiation, major acquisition, Federal
Supply Schedules, category management, construction, leasing, information
technology, health care, research and development, and small business.
Collect technical information and translate it into brieﬁngs, memoranda, hearing
materials, and policy recommendations for a general audience.
Meet with congressional staE, veteran service organizations, industry organizations,
and internal and external stakeholders.
Perform other duties as assigned by the General Counsel, Committee Deputy StaE
Director, and Committee StaE Director.

Qualiﬁcations:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Undergraduate degree
Work experience in procurement operations, preferably as a contract specialist or
contracting oEicer in a federal agency
Command of the Federal Acquisition Regulation and familiarity with major
procurement laws
Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
Excellent oral communication skills
Thoroughness and attention to detail
Discretion and sound judgment in formulating and recommending policy positions
Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and
courteous
Work independently as well as in teams

•
•

This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
Some domestic travel is required.

Beneﬁts:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Sick and Annual Leave
Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
Thrift Savings Plan
Federal Employees Group Life Insurance Program
Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Federal Transit Beneﬁt or parking
Student Loan Repayment Program

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Transportation and all
related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume
to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Contracts Investigator “in the subject line. Writing
samples and references may be requested. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-530-24
TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial AEairs,
House Committee on Veterans’ AEairs, Majority StaE
REPORTS TO: Majority StaE Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial
AEairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Provide administrative and research support to Subcommittee staE and assists with
duties as assigned.

DUTIES:
• Maintain Subcommittee archives of activities, including Member and stakeholder
engagements.
• Travel and conduct oversight visits at agency locations.
• Draft trip reports, requests to agencies for information (including tracking deadlines),
hearing recaps, and other work product relevant to the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction.
• Subcommittee casework as assigned.
• Answer telephone and respond to caller inquiries.
• Keep abreast of emails, including Member inquiries and agency notiﬁcations.
• Organize and maintain Subcommittee electronic records, including meeting notes,
agency reports, other documents.
• Participate in staE-level discussions on legislation being considered; draft policy
memoranda as assigned.
• Assist with due diligence being performed as part of the Subcommittee’s oversight duties,
including requesting information from agencies on matters within the Subcommittee
jurisdiction.
• Assist with hearing preparation and coordination of hearings, including drafting
memoranda and remarks for Chairman.
• Attend meetings with agencies, veteran service organizations, and other parties, and
maintain notes on such meetings.
• Assist with the drafting of memoranda for the full Committee and Subcommittee
Chairman on matters within the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Review the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and other
publications for matters of interest to Subcommittee Members and staE.
• Assist with developing policy recommendations and serve as a resource for Members
both on and oE Committee.
• Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Subcommittee
Chairman, full Committee StaE Director or Deputy StaE Director, and Subcommittee StaE
Director, and assisting other Committee staE, as needed.
• This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science.
REQUIRED SKILLS:
• Strong research skills. Legal research skills (e.g., LexisNexis) is a plus.
• Strong writing and editing skills.
•Strong Microsoft OEice proﬁciency, including expertise in Word and the ability to use
Excel.
•Strong organizational skills.
•Strong verbal communication.
•Excellent attention to detail.
•Excellent listening skills.

•Strong ability to manage ﬂuctuating workloads and juggle and prioritize tasks, including
managing short-, medium-, and long-term tasks.
•Team oriented.
•Excellent ability to work well under pressure and time constraints.
•Problem solving and analytical skills are a plus.
•Potential to work independently.
BENEFITS: Employees may be eligible for the following beneﬁts:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Beneﬁts
•Many other supportive services and beneﬁts oEered by the U.S. House of Representatives.
Other Information: Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S.
House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses
associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply: Qualiﬁed candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and one (1)
writing sample to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “DAMA
Republican Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-523-24
The Democratic Staff of the House Budget Committee and Ranking Member Brendan F.
Boyle (PA-02) seek a creative and detail-oriented Digital Assistant to support digital
communications and public engagement efforts. This position will be split between the
committee office and personal office and will be based out of Washington D.C.
This position involves creating and scheduling content for social media platforms,
maintaining the committee’s website, producing multimedia materials (graphics, videos,
and infographics), and monitoring digital analytics to optimize outreach. The ideal
candidate will have 1-3 years of experience in digital communications, social media
management, or a similar role (Hill or campaign experience preferred), proficiency with
design and editing tools (e.g., Adobe Creative Suite, Canva), strong writing and editing
skills, and a passion for progressive policymaking.

Candidates should be highly organized, comfortable working under tight deadlines, and
familiar with social media analytics and website content management systems. A
bachelor’s degree in communications, political science, or a related field is preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and the position includes a competitive benefits
package.
This office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values mentorship and
professional development; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status. Candidates with diverse backgrounds,
women, people of color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, email a cover letter, resume, three examples of digital content, and contact
information for three references to budget-democrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with the
subject line: "[Name] – Digital Assistant Application." Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis.

MEM -522-24
The Office of Congressman Pat Ryan (NY-18) seeks a Press Secretary based in the
Washington DC office. Applicants should be prepared to join a highly-collaborative, highachieving team and possess an eagerness to grow and learn within the office. Ties to New
York’s 18th District are a plus.
The ideal candidate should demonstrate excellent writing and editing skills in addition to a
strong work ethic, good sense of humor, and keen attention to detail. The position will
require working non-traditional hours.
Responsibilities include:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Writing press releases, statements and media advisories
Drafting talking points and op-eds
Staffing the Congressman for interviews and media events
Planning press conferences and in-district events
Responding to press inquiries
Maintaining relationships and booking interviews with local press outlets
Other tasks as assigned

The Press Secretary will report to the Communications Director, and work closely with the
Chief of Staff, the District Director, the Digital Director, the Legislative Director, and other
legislative and district staff in creating, coordinating and executing the digital and written
content strategy to promote the Congressman’s legislative and district priorities. The
salary range for this position is $60,000 - $80,000, commensurate with experience.

The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three
references in a single PDF to ny18resumes@mail.house.gov with the job title and your full
name in the subject line (e.g.: “Press Secretary - Bryson Daily). No phone calls, faxes or
drop-ins, please. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-517-24
Congresswoman Susie Lee (D-NV) seeks a highly organized, good-humored, hard-working
DC Scheduler to develop, coordinate, and manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and
long-term schedule and logistics in DC. The DC Scheduler will report to the Chief of Staff
and work closely with the Member, DC staff, and District staff, including a District-based
scheduler responsible for in-district scheduling. This is not an entry-level role; prior
scheduling experience is preferred, and salary will be commensurate with experience.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and
scheduling requests, coordinating travel for the Member, compiling the Congresswoman’s
nightly briefing materials, and managing office operations, including but not limited to
facilitating Member meetings and calls, coordinating internal and external events,
assisting with onboarding and training for staff and interns, and other administrative
duties. Responsibilities will also include providing staffing support, including driving the
Congresswoman as needed. Strong candidates will be creative problem solvers, have
excellent attention to detail, communicate succinctly and effectively, and thrive in a fastpaced work environment. The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under
pressure, and the flexibility to be responsive to urgent scheduling needs on nights and
weekends.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Candidates should submit in PDF format a resume, cover letter, and three references
(including name, title and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the
candidate) to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name – DC
Scheduler.”

