Internship Openings
Week of May 4, 2026
MEM-141-26
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Democratic Staff is hiring for
a paid full-time Press Intern (Summer 2026) to work in the Committee's
Washington, D.C. office. The Press Intern works closely with the
communications team.
Primary educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily news clips.
• Assisting with graphic design.
• Drafting press releases and other written materials.
• Copy editing written materials.
• Maintaining press lists.
• Clipping committee remarks and cable hits.
• Media monitoring and researching.
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment,
demonstrate keen attention to detail, understand deadlines, and have prior
communications internship experience.
Interested applicants should send a one-page resume, one
sample press release, one sample graphic, and three relevant sample
tweets to ethan.cesar@mail.house.gov and
OversightPress@mail.house.gov with “PRESS INTERN APP: Full Name,
Spring 2026” in the subject line.
All qualified applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are
encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status,
age, marital status, or parental status.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-118-26
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks highly motivated,
organized, and dedicated interns to serve for the Fall of 2026 in the Representative’s
Washington, D.C. office.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and administrative
work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting responses to constituent
correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, performing legislative research, and
supporting staff members on various projects. Ideal candidates should be professional
and possess excellent communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a commitment
to public service and progressive values. All interns will be paid a one-time stipend of
$5,850 unless funded by an outside organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer. Women,
people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State
and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
The application period for Fall 2026 internships is now open and will close on June
30th at 11:59 PM ET.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample, three
references, and availability to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with the subject
“First Name.Last Name Internship Application.”
We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex,
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Diverse
applicants encouraged to apply.

