Internship Openings
Week of June 23, 2025
MEM-196-25
Fall 2025 Intern, House Committee on Natural Resources – Democratic Staff
The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns for Fall 2025
(September 2 – December 12). Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and
dependable. Above all, we seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the
Natural Resources Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills,
and are eager to learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research,
prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid
communications.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and
concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations.
Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in
the United States, and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Assist with administrative duties
• Assist with legislative and policy projects
• Research legislation, regulations, and public law
• Assist with communications and outreach
• Respond to requests for information
• Attend briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work in-office when
Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a monthly stipend of
$3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military
status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable
accommodation to participate in the application or hiring process are encouraged to
request an accommodation at any time during those processes.

The application deadline is close of business on Friday, July 11. Interested candidates
should apply by visiting the House Natural Resources Committee Democrats’ website
at https://democrats-naturalresources.house.gov/internships.
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates who are
being actively considered for this position.

MEM-194-25
Congressman French Hill (AR02) has internship positions available for the Fall 2025 term
in both his DC and Little Rock offices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of
the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping central Arkansans. Intern
responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, assisting staff with
administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, and assisting with correspondence.
Interns should have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral
communication skills. Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters, take and
listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as
a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates. The
office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply, please send a resume cover letter, and 2 references or letters of
recommendation to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov indicating which location you are
applying for. Applications should be submitted by July 6 but will be accepted on a rolling
basis until all positions are filled.
If you have any questions, you can contact the office for additional information at (202)
225-2506.

MEM-193-25
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking part- and full-time interns
for the fall (September - December). Our interns work closely with Committee staff to
prepare materials for Committee meetings, conduct research projects, learn about the
Rules of the House and the various procedures for legislation to reach the House Floor,
and complete a variety of other administrative tasks. Ideal candidates have strong writing
skills, a good work ethic, an interest in learning about House floor procedures, and are
detail-oriented. Interns will gain experience in legislative analysis, political
communications, and institutional processes.

A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. Massachusetts ties are a plus. All
offers are conditional on completion of a federal criminal background check. The office is
an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter explaining why you want to
join the Democratic Staff of the House Rules Committee to democratsrules.house.gov/about/internships. No calls or drop-ins, please. The deadline to apply is
July 14, 2025.
Note: Students on quarter systems or with unusual schedules are still encouraged to
apply—please apply by the appropriate deadline in advance of your desired internship
term and detail your particular situation in your cover letter.

MEM-192-25
Title: “Fall 2025 Legislative Internship – DC Office of Congresswoman Mary Gay
Scanlon”
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Applications for Fall 2025 internships will be accepted beginning June 23rd, 2025 and
are due July 23rd, 2025.
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
• Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
• Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public service.

A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to
assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall
Legislative Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and
compile all application materials into one PDF document.

MEM-191-25
The Office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking a current law
student or recent law school graduate for a full-time Fall Legal Fellowship for our
Washington, D.C. office beginning mid-August 2025.
Our office values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial environment.
We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to grow. Interns will have
great opportunities to learn from office staff and network with others to make the most of
their time with our office!
Fellowship Expectations:
The Fellow will support the Congresswoman’s policy work primarily related to her
involvement on the House Judiciary Committee, including civil rights and liberties,
government ethics, criminal justice, prison oversight, law enforcement, immigration,
antitrust, and intellectual property. The Fellow will also support the Congresswoman’s
Legislative team with policy research and writing. Applicants are encouraged to apply for
school funding.
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service; possess
excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and communication skills;
work well in a fast-paced, team environment; be detail-oriented and self-starters; and have
a general understanding of the US political system. Candidates must possess a JD.
Legal Fellow Responsibilities:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Policy research and writing
Draft memoranda and briefs
Support the legislative team in stakeholder meetings
Prepare the Congresswoman and members of staff for meetings and hearings with
research and administrative tasks
Work on other administrative tasks and duties as assigned
Answer phones and assist in correspondence with constituents

Internship Dates and Details:

The Fall Fellowship is slated to start mid-August 2025 and go until mid-December 2025,
with some flexibility based on academic schedule. The Fellow is expected to work in
person in the office, Monday-Friday 9 a.m.- 5 p.m.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. ET on Sunday, July 6th, 2025.
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter detailing
weekly available hours IN ONE COMBINED
DOCUMENT to: CA37.internships@mail.house.gov

MEM-190-25
The Office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking Congressional
Interns for our Washington, D.C. and Los Angeles offices for the Fall 2025 term.
Our office values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial environment.
We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to grow. Interns will have
great opportunities to learn from office staff and network with others to make the most of
their time with our office!
Intern Expectations
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service; possess
excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and communication skills;
work well in a team environment; and have a general understanding of the US political
system.
Internship Responsibilities
D.C. Interns can expect to:
• Answer phones and assist in correspondence with constituents
• Greet constituents and office visitors
• Process tour requests and lead Capitol tours
• Handle mail
• Perform legislative research and draft memos
• Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant in drafting social media
content and other materials like press releases, website content, and newsletters
• Compile daily press clips
• Edit video clips
• Work on other administrative tasks as directed
L.A. District Office Interns can expect to:
• Answer phones and assist in correspondence with constituents
• Greet constituents and office visitors

•
•

•

Handle mail
Intake constituent casework
• Assist the Field and Casework teams with constituent outreach and
engaging district events
• Conduct research and draft memos
Work on other administrative tasks as directed

Internship Dates and Details:
Fall internships are slated to start mid-August to mid-December 2025, with some flexibility
based on academic schedule. Interns are expected to work in person in the office,
Monday-Friday 9 a.m.- 5 p.m. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate remote or
hybrid internships.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. ET on Sunday, July 6th, 2025.
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter detailing
weekly available hours IN ONE COMBINED DOCUMENT to:
• CA37.internships@mail.house.gov for DC office internship.
• You MUST follow these instructions:
o Use the subject line and title your document “First name Last name -Summer 2025 internship”
• CA37.DOinternships@mail.house.gov for Los Angeles office internship
o Use the subject line and title your document “First name Last name –
Summer 2025 Internship”
Please reach out our Intern Coordinator, Maite McPherson, with any questions
at Maite.McPherson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-187-25
PRESS INTERNSHIP: The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is accepting
applications for Fall 2025 Press Interns in our Washington, D.C., Reading, and West
Chester offices. This internship will run from mid-late August through early December.
We offer stipends to applicants. Our internship program has returned to in-person work
with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have experience in a facedpaced, deadline-oriented work environment. Applicants must be independent problemsolvers, have strong writing skills, and be comfortable communicating to both internal and
external audiences. Technical experience with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign,
Illustrator), photo editing programs (Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software
(Premiere, Headliner) a major plus.

Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips, helping draft
copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital content. Press interns will have
the opportunity to staff the congresswoman to capture videos and photos of events. We
offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and why you’re
interested in interning in our office, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one example of digital work
(video, graphic or photo) to PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender,
LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-186-25
LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP: The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is
accepting applications for Fall 2025 legislative interns in our West Chester, Reading, and
Washington, D.C. offices. This internship will run from late mid-late August through early
December.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer stipends to applicants. Our
internship program has returned to in-person work with flexible telework options should
interns need to work from home.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a passion for
community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing to spend a lot of time
on the phone and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting memos for
our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or meetings. We offer
interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
Please submit applications through the “Legislative Internship” form our website,
Houlahan.house.gov by July 13, 2025.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are selected for
an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based
on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ

identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-184-25
Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks press and legislative interns for his Washington,
D.C., office for the Fall 2025 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students, graduate students,
and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of a Congressional office and the
legislative process. Interns should have a general understanding of the U.S. political
system, value open communication, be eager to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be an educational
experience. Internships are offered for either academic credit or a stipend. Internship
applicants must be high school graduates. Current students and recent graduates will be
given first priority for the internship program.
Legislative intern responsibilities include:
•
Attending committee hearings and congressional briefings,
•
Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
•
Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
•
Answering phones and processing mail,
•
Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
•
Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.
Press intern responsibilities include:
•
Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press Secretary in
drafting and editing social media content, digital graphics, and other digital materials,
•
Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
•
Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
•
Answering phones and processing mail,
•
Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
•
Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks, as directed.
Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic familiarity with graphic
design and video editing. Submission of a sample graphic or similar communications work
with your application is strongly encouraged.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply.

To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover letter, resume,
three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf file, with the file name including
internship class, year, last name, and first name (i.e. Fall2025.Doe.Jane.pdf) to
CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by July 15. Please specify whether you are applying
for the press internship or the legislative internship. Applicants with strong ties to the 49th
District are given preference.

MEM-183-25
Oversight and Investigations Law Clerk
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations (Democratic Staff) is seeking a Law Clerk for Fall 2025 to assist in
conducting oversight and investigations of issues within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction. Law Clerks will work closely with Subcommittee counsel and professional
staff on a wide range of issues related to the environment, energy, health care, and
consumer protection sectors. This is a paid position.
Responsibilities include assisting in the preparation for Congressional hearings;
contributing to the management of investigations of governmental and private entities;
conducting research, document review, and analysis; drafting letters, memoranda, and
investigative reports; and coordinating with other Subcommittees of the full Committee.
The ideal candidate will be in at least their second year of law school or is a recent law
school graduate who is a detail-oriented and proactive problem-solver with strong
communication and legal research and writing skills. Women, people of color, veterans,
and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Law clerks will receive a stipend, and
applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their
educational institution.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C O&I Law Clerk.”
Applications are due on June 30, 2025.

MEM-178-25
Congressman French Hill (AR02) has internship positions available for the Fall 2025 term
in both his DC and Little Rock offices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of
the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping central Arkansans. Intern
responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, assisting staff with

administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, and assisting with correspondence.
Interns should have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral
communication skills. Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters, take and
listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as
a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates. The
office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov
indicating which location you are applying for. Applications should be submitted by June
30 but will be accepted on a rolling basis until all positions are filled.
If you have any questions, you can contact the office for additional information at (202)
225-2506.

MEM-175-25
Congresswoman Suzan DelBene, representing the 1st Congressional District of
Washington state, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District offices. Interns will
work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of
the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls,
assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with
constituent correspondence. Kirkland, WA interns will have the opportunity to attend
community events and tours with the Congresswoman and staff. Washington, D.C. interns
will have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
briefings for the legislative staff.
Qualifications: The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral
communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in
public service. Washington state ties are a plus but are not required.
Important Information: Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest in
public service. Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should
be able to commit to at least 17 hours per week during the internship. A stipend of
$1,000/month will be provided to full-time interns, and a stipend of $500/month will be
provided to part time interns.
Apply: To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample (1 to 2
pages) through this form.

The deadline for Fall 2025 Internship Applications is 11:59 PM on Sunday, July 6, 2025.
Due to a high volume of applications, you may only be contacted if you are selected for an
interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification,
family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or walk ins - please email internship.delbene@mail.house.gov with any
questions or concerns.

MEM-171-25
The office of U.S. Congressman Jeff Van Drew (Republican-NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for his Washington, D.C. office for full and part-time interns for the fall
internship session. This is a conservative office, so each intern will be required to express
the Congressman's conservative perspective to constituents and people who call into the
office.
The start date would be as early as August 6th (flexible depending on availability) with a
flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and have access to transit
benefits. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the office
and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times. Duties include (but
are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
opening and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various
other tasks to assist staff. Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for
their internship through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter to nj02internships@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re applying for a fall internship and format the
files as [Full Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter]."

