Internship Openings
Week of June 9, 2025
MEM-178-25
Congressman French Hill (AR02) has internship positions available for the Fall 2025 term
in both his DC and Little Rock offices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of
the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping central Arkansans. Intern
responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, assisting staff with
administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, and assisting with correspondence.
Interns should have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral
communication skills. Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters, take and
listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as
a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates. The
office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov
indicating which location you are applying for. Applications should be submitted by June
30 but will be accepted on a rolling basis until all positions are filled.
If you have any questions, you can contact the office for additional information at (202)
225-2506.

MEM-175-25
Congresswoman Suzan DelBene, representing the 1st Congressional District of
Washington state, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District offices. Interns will
work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of
the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls,
assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with

constituent correspondence. Kirkland, WA interns will have the opportunity to attend
community events and tours with the Congresswoman and staff. Washington, D.C. interns
will have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
briefings for the legislative staff.
Qualifications: The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral
communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in
public service. Washington state ties are a plus but are not required.
Important Information: Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest in
public service. Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should
be able to commit to at least 17 hours per week during the internship. A stipend of
$1,000/month will be provided to full-time interns and a stipend of $500/month will be
provided to part time interns.
Apply: To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample (1 to 2
pages) through this form.
The deadline for Fall 2025 Internship Applications is 11:59 PM on Sunday, July 6, 2025.
Due to a high volume of applications, you may only be contacted if you are selected for an
interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification,
family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or walk ins - please email internship.delbene@mail.house.gov with any
questions or concerns.

MEM-171-25
The office of U.S. Congressman Jeff Van Drew (Republican-NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for his Washington, D.C. office for full and part-time interns for the fall
internship session. This is a conservative office, so each intern will be required to express
the Congressman's conservative perspective to constituents and people who call into the
office.
The start date would be as early as August 6th (flexible depending on availability) with a
flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and have access to transit
benefits. The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the office
and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times. Duties include (but
are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,

opening and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various
other tasks to assist staff. Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for
their internship through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter to nj02internships@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re applying for a fall internship and format the
files as [Full Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter]."

