Member and Committee Openings
Week of January 13, 2025
MEM-008-25
District Special Assistant – Congressman Mike Flood (NE-01)
The primary responsibility of the District Special Assistant is to transport the Member and
other sta4 members to meetings and appointments as necessary, deliver and pickup
materials for the o4ice, sta4 the Member at various meetings, and serve as a personal aide
to the Member when he is in the district. When the Member is in DC, the Special Assistant
will assist the district sta4 with ﬁeld rep duties and casework. Typical responsibilities may
include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Transportation of the Member for their o4icial duties.
Deliver and pickup materials for the o4ice, including letters, packages, and
documents from other government agencies.
Working with the Scheduler to be aware of the Member’s schedule.
Running errands and assisting the District Director with supplies and other misc.
administrative matters.
Assisting in sorting and delivering mail.
Sta4ing the Member at various meetings and events.
Serving as a personal aide to the Member, tending to various needs as they arise
while he is in the district.

•

Assisting the Field Reps with events, meetings, and correspondence as necessary.

•

Assisting with casework as necessary.

The requirements for this position are:
•
•
•
•

Located in Norfolk, NE or willingness to relocate.
Regular, predictable and punctual attendance at assigned locations required for
performance of duties.
Ability to communicate e4ectively with the Member and o4ice sta4, Members and
representatives from other o4ices, outside organizations, and others.
Ability to work most weekends as the Member’s schedule dictates, with less work
expected on weekdays when the Member is in DC.

•

•

•
•
•
•
•

Ability to handle di4icult and sometimes tense interactions with members of the
public, including constituents, with tact while also prioritizing the well-being of the
Member.
Work is public-facing and requires frequent interaction with members of the public,
including constituents, in a courteous and tactful manner. Work requires extended
and unscheduled hours as dictated by the Member’s schedule and o4ice needs.
Work requires regularly driving the Member with the individual’s personal vehicle.
Must possess a valid driver’s license and have a good driving record. A personal
vehicle used to drive the Member is not necessarily required.
Regularly lifts and moves luggage, books, ﬁles, documents, and other o4ice
materials.
Must be able to prioritize and perform duties under pressure in a fast-paced
environment.
Regularly use typical o4ice equipment, software programs, and methods of
communication, including, for example, a computer, email, telephone, smartphone,
photocopier, fax machine, etc.

Interested applicants should send their resume, cover letter, and references
to FloodHiring@mail.house.gov.

MEM-007-25
SCHEDULER
Congresswoman Madeleine Dean (PA-04) seeks a highly motivated, energetic, and detailoriented individual to serve as a Scheduler based in her DC office. The Scheduler serves as a
key player of the team by managing the Member’s time. This role reports to and works closely
with the Chief of Staff but is expected to be a leader and team player in coordinating closely with
the full team regarding the Member’s schedule.
Job Duties:
• Collaborating with the Member, Chief of Staff, and District Scheduler to determine and
finalize the Member’s daily schedule, long-term schedule, and briefing materials (e.g.,
memos, talking points, and speeches)
• Evaluating, organizing, and responding to all incoming meeting and event requests in
coordination with the Chief of Staff
• Communicating key information regarding the Member and the Member’s schedule to staff
• Working with Chief of Staff to manage Member reimbursement program
• Working closely with both DC and District staff to ensure smooth daily office operations
• Coordinating the Member’s travel arrangements as well as other staff travel arrangements
when necessary
• Additional responsibilities may include assisting in drafting and sending Member
correspondence such as thank you notes and personal greetings and follow ups, as well as
other administrative duties, as assigned.

This is not an entry-level position; ideal candidates will have scheduling experience and
knowledge of the Hill. Successful candidates will be highly motivated, eager to learn, able to
work in a fast-paced environment, and have a problem-solving attitude. A valid driver’s license,
safe driving record, and regular access to a reliable vehicle are preferred for the position.
To Apply:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, writing sample, and references to
PA04applications@gmail.com with the subject line “Scheduler - [applicant’s last name]” The
application deadline is 1/17/25. The office will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our
interview process on a rolling basis. Please, no phone calls or drop ins.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.

MEM – 006- 25
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR
Congresswoman Madeleine Dean (PA-04) seeks an experienced, proac=ve Communica5ons Director.
This full-=me posi=on is based in the Washington, D.C. oﬃce. The posi=on requires some travel to the
district to support media rela=ons and press events.
This senior staﬀ posi=on is responsible for managing and overseeing the communica=ons shop, including
building a strategic mass communica=ons plan, managing other press/digital staﬀ, and ensuring an ac=ve
presence in messaging to cons=tuents and stakeholders with tradi=onal and non-tradi=onal press and
communica=ons. Addi=onally, this posi=on will manage day-to-day communica=ons such as draLing
press releases, media advisories, op-eds, statements, talking points, speeches, and other forms of
communica=on, as needed. The Communica=ons Director is responsible for developing and execu=ng
press conferences on core messaging and should have an ability to build press lists and maintain na=onal
and local press rela=onships to pitch stories and bookings. An ideal candidate will understand the
legisla=ve process and franking, be a strong writer, and have a friendly and professional demeanor and
an ability to exercise poli=cal savvy and discre=on. Ties to Pennsylvania are a plus.
Job Du5es:
• Develops and implements media and communica=ons strategy for the Member; including
franked communica=ons;
• Pitches na=onal and local media and organizes and coordinates events with the media;
• Manages the day to day press opera=ons and outreach, including addi=onal members of the
communica=ons team;
• Serves as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Updates and expands na=onal and local press rela=onships;
• DraLs speeches, press releases, talking points, media advisories, op-eds, and statements for the
Member;
• Executes any relevant press conferences or press events;
• Thinks crea=vely about engagement with tradi=onal and new media;

•
•

Manages rapid response communica=ons;
Other du=es as assigned

Requirements:
• Experience developing communica=on strategy and branding for a Member of Congress, elected
oﬃcial, Federal agency, private, and/or non-proﬁt organiza=on;
• Able to make split-second decisions and develop communica=ons under =ght deadlines;
• Poli=cally savvy and comfortable naviga=ng diﬃcult situa=ons with press and staﬀ;
• Strong wriUen and verbal communica=on skills;
• Exper=se in advising others on a communica=on strategy and ability to work well on a team;
• Time management skills, ability to work under pressure, and comfortable balancing mul=ple
responsibili=es at once;
• Ability to collaborate with issue experts and other coworkers;
• Experience building and maintaining rela=onships with members of local and na=onal press;
• The posi=on requires the ﬂexibility to work long hours, including nights and weekends.
Preferences:
• Bachelor’s degree in communica=ons, government, poli=cal science, English, or related ﬁeld
• Journalis=c experience
• A demonstrated interest in public service
To Apply:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, wri=ng sample, and references
to PA04applica=ons@gmail.com with the subject line “Communica=ons Director - [applicant’s last
name]” The applica5on deadline is 1/15/25. The oﬃce will contact the best qualiﬁed candidates to
begin our interview process on a rolling basis. Please, no phone calls or drop ins.
The oﬃce is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, sexual orienta<on, gender iden<ty and expression, na<onal origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-005-25
Congresswoman Nydia Velázquez (D-NY-07) is seeking a strong writer and creative thinker
with a sense of humor to serve as Sta? and Press Assistant in a fast-paced and highly
collaborative Capitol Hill o4ice. The candidate will be responsible for managing and
maintaining a high-volume constituent correspondence system and responding to
constituent letters and phone calls in a timely manner. Press responsibilities will include
compiling daily news clips, drafting press releases, quotes, social media posts, enewsletters, and 499’s, and managing digital presence. Strong video, graphic design, and
social media skills are required.

The successful candidate will be a self-starter, hardworking, highly dependable, and
organized, as well as possess strong oral and written communication skills and the ability
to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure.
Previous experience on Capitol Hill is preferred; New York City ties and bilingual Spanish
speaking is a plus. The o4ice does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity and expression, marital
status, parental status, or sexual orientation in any of its activities or operations.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
The starting salary for this position is $55,000.
Interested applicants should email their resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to communicationsjob@gmail.com with the subject line “Sta4 and Press Assistant
Application” no later than January, 24, 2025. Please no unsolicited drop-ins, phone calls, or
emails to the o4ice.

MEM-004-25
The Island County Community Liaison serves as Rep. Larsen’s representative to
Whidbey and Camano islands. In addition to the geographic responsibility for communities in
Island County and Northwest Snohomish County, this position also covers issues involving the
federal government with officials from federal, state and local government—such as military and
veterans’ issues, military academy nominations, veterans’ and DOD casework, grants, housing,
transportation, agriculture, recreation, access to outside lands, and other issues within the
portfolio—as well as constituents, businesses, organized labor and other organizations. The
individual selected to fill this position is expected to develop relationships with our district
stakeholders to learn the details of projects and policy concerns and to respond to their interests
in federal policy development.
The Island County Community Liaison is based in Rep. Larsen’s Everett, WA office and reports
directly to the District Director. Together, the district staff works in harmony with the staff in
Washington, D.C., and all staff members report to the Chief of Staff.
Essential job functions include:
• Serve as an official representative for Rep. Larsen at meetings, forums and public events.
• Build and maintain relationships with constituents, businesses, labor, non-profit
organizations, federal agencies, local government, and other stakeholders in Island County.
• Travel regularly throughout the district to monitor local issues, projects and activities.
• Work with Washington D.C.-based staff on federal policy development and interpretation for
local stakeholders.
• And event planning.
Required skills and knowledge:
• Strong understanding of Island County and experience with outreach activities working with

government, cultural communities, the business community, organized labor and local
stakeholder groups.
• A strong understanding of veteran’s issues, active duty and reserve issues, as well as military
structures and technical language.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent thinking while working as part of a team on
sensitive projects and issues.
• Strong writing ability.
• Flexibility to work nights and weekends.
• Valid driver’s license and vehicle.
• And comfort discussing issues with groups both small and large, including public speaking.
This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working, cohesive, and dynamic team
with a common mission of making a difference in the lives of others. The ideal candidate is a
bilingual English and Spanish speaker, self-motivated, great at multi-tasking, has great
interpersonal skills with a teamwork-oriented attitude, and a strong desire to help people.
This is a full-time position with federal benefits such as health care, the Federal Employees
Retirement System, Student Loan Repayment Program, vacation/annual leave, paid sick and
parental leave, and others.
The annual salary for this position depends on relevant experience and ranges from
$55,000 - $65,000.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex,
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. We are
committed to building and maintaining an organization that reflects the needs and diverse
community we serve.
Application Process and deadline:
Applications must be submitted by January 15, 2025. Interested candidates should send a
resume
and cover letter to cameron.caldwell@mail.house.gov
or:
Office of U.S. Rep. Rick Larsen
C/O Cameron Caldwell, District Director
2930 Wetmore Avenue, Ste. 9F
Everett, WA 98201

MEM-003-25
Position Title: Caseworker
Position Type: Full-Time
Position Location: Charleston, SC
Position Description:
A Republican Member of Congress from South Carolina is seeking a motivated and
organized individual to join their team as a Congressional Caseworker based in
Charleston, SC. As a Caseworker, you will act as o4ice liaison for other federal agencies on

behalf of the Member in the district, develop familiarity with key individuals across all
relevant agencies, and provide exceptional constituent services.
Responsibilities:
• Act as a liaison between our Member of Congress and constituents, when inquiring
to various federal agencies.
• For non-federal issues, conduct research and make every e4ort to redirect
constituents to appropriate solutions when possible.
• Conduct status checks on all cases and provide updates to constituents.
• Collaborate with other sta4 members to ensure e4ective communication and
implementation of our Member of Congress's priorities and initiatives.
• Qualiﬁcations:
• Bachelor's degree in political science, public administration, or a related ﬁeld is
preferred but not required.
• Strong communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills.
• Knowledge of local and federal government, policies, and procedures is preferred
but not required.
• Ability to work independently, manage multiple projects, and meet deadlines.
• Experience in constituent services, or related ﬁelds is preferred but not required.
Beneﬁts:
The job comes with a competitive beneﬁts package that includes health, dental, and vision
insurance; federal student loan repayment (terms apply); retirement plans; transit beneﬁts;
and paid time o4.
Employment Eligibility:
The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified
applicants are encouraged to apply. All travel-related expenses associated with the
interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant, to include any relocation
expenses. Employment may be contingent upon the satisfactory completion of a criminal
history records check. Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. A
qualified applicant must meet one of the following residency requirements within the
continental United States for eligibility for a paid position with the U.S. House of
Representatives:
•
•
•

Be a U.S. citizen
Be lawfully admitted for permanent residence and seeking citizenship as
outlined in 8 U.S.C. § 1324b(a)(3)(B)
Be (i) admitted as a refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157 or granted asylum under 8
U.S.C. § 1158 and (ii) have filed a declaration of intention to become a lawful
permanent resident and then a citizen when eligible

•

Owe allegiance to the U.S. (i.e., qualify as a non-citizen U.S. national under
federal law)

Qualiﬁed candidates please send their resume to the following email address:
noah.longest@mail.house.gov. Please include “Caseworker” (First Name) (Last Name) in
the subject line.

MEM-002-25
Congressman Michael Rulli (OH-06) has an immediate need to hire a Sta? Assistant in his
Washington, DC o4ice. Interested applicants should submit an email including a resume
and cover letter to OH06Jobs@mail.house.gov.
TITLE: Sta4 Assistant
REPORTS TO: Chief of Sta4/Director of Operations
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to open the o4ice at 9:00AM on normal o4ice days;
• to answer phone calls;
• to greet visitors upon arrival to the o4ice;
• to answer and correctly log constituent requests for general information, tours, and
other inquiries;
• to monitor delivery and pickup of materials (i.e. o4ice supplies, mail, etc.);
• to maintain front lobby area;
• to provide capitol tours to constituents and assist in setting up other various tours
(i.e. White House, Washington Monument, etc.)
• to assist with various administrative and legislative duties as assigned.
• to coordinate ﬂag requests.
• to manage the intern program.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• professional telephone manner;
• proﬁciency in word processing;
• excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
• ability to use photocopier, printer, and other basic o4ice equipment;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• availability to work long hours, if required.
DUTIES:
• answers and screens telephone calls for the Member and other sta4 members and
takes messages;
• greets and screens visitors;

•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

assists individuals who have appointments with the Member or other sta4
members. Works closely with the Member's Director of Operations to ensure that
the Member's appointments are on time and that the corresponding sta4 member is
aware of the visitors' arrival;
responds to constituent requests for ﬂags, tours and other information;
maintains handout literature regarding the district and the House;
signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to the o4ice to appropriate
sta4 members in a timely manner;
maintains the o4ice voice mail and forwards messages to correct sta4 member;
ensures that all constituent inquiries are directed to the appropriate sta4 member in
a timely manner;
logs visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant information into
IQ;
logs mail into IQ;
performs other administrative and legislative duties and/or assists sta4 members in
projects as assigned.

MEM-001-25
Congressman Michael Rulli (OH-06) has an immediate need to hire a Legislative
Correspondent in his Washington, DC o4ice. Interested applicants should submit an
email including a resume and cover letter to OH06Jobs@mail.house.gov.
TITLE: Legislative Correspondent
REPORTS TO: Legislative Director
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
to provide research for and respond to letters from constituents; and
to provide administrative support to the Legislative Assistants.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Strong research, writing and communication skills;
• Knowledge of the legislative process;
• Strong organizational skills;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Thoroughness and attention to detail;
• Proﬁciency in word processing and IQ;
• Availability to work long hours and at night if required

DUTIES:
• Answers assigned constituent correspondence, conducts any research necessary
to formulate an adequate response to the letters;
• Answers phone calls;
• Develops and maintains a collection of prepared text for use in responding to
constituent mail;
• Drafts form letters to respond to a large number of letters on the same issue;
• consults with the Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants to keep the form
letters up to date;
• Supervises the printing and proofreading of form letters;
• Drafts responses to constituent mail that cannot be answered with a form letter;
• Provides assistance as required, including meeting with constituents and interested
parties, and attending committee hearings and markups;
• Performs other duties as assigned.

MEM-532-24
Congressman Jared Hu4man (CA-02) is seeking a Press/Digital Assistant to join his
personal Washington, DC o4ice. The ideal candidate will have strong writing, editing, and
digital skills including video editing and graphic design.
Responsibilities
• Assist with drafting press releases, talking points, scripts, op-eds/letters to the
editor, newsletters, and other written materials as assigned
• Create daily social media content including graphics and videos
• Clip TV appearances and other video content for social media
• Work with the district o4ice to publicize constituent services and events
• Develop and update website content
• Create and maintain press lists
• Other tasks as needed
Qualiﬁcations:
• Bachelor’s degree in communications, journalism, public relations, graphic design,
or related ﬁeld
• Exceptional writing, editing, and organizational skills
• Experience with social media platforms and tools (e.g., Twitter/X, Facebook,
Instagram, Canva, Adobe Creative Suite, or similar tools)
• Ability to create engaging graphics, visuals, and videos
• Strong interest in digital media and trends
• Detail-oriented, with the ability to juggle multiple tasks and meet tight deadlines
Salary: $60,000, commensurate with experience.

Application Instructions:
Interested applicants should submit a resume, writing sample, and two digital work
samples (i.e. graphics or videos) to CA02Jobs@gmail.com. Include “Press/Digital Assistant
– (First Name) (Last Name)” in the subject line.
The O4ice of U.S. Congressman Jared Hu4man is an equal opportunity employer; the o4ice
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our o4ice encourages candidates of diverse
backgrounds to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.

MEM-531-24
District Sta? Assistant/Scheduler Job Description:
The District Sta4 Assistant/Scheduler is a dynamic and detail-oriented role that supports
the Member and district operations through a variety of administrative and scheduling
responsibilities. This role combines the responsibilities of managing district
communications, constituent correspondence, administrative and scheduling activities to
ensure smooth and e4icient o4ice operations.
Key Responsibilities:
District Operations:
-Serve as a rover between ﬁeldwork and casework.
-Support the Member when in the district and coordinate with the Director of Constituent
Services, Communications, and Director of Field.
Constituent Correspondence:
-Monitor the district email inbox, answer o4ice phone, and respond to constituent emails,
voicemails, and web requests.
-Generate weekly mail reports and sort mail for scheduling and casework.
-Perform data entry of constituent information and maintain accurate records across o4ice
platforms.
District Scheduling and Travel Management:
-Manage the Member’s schedule, ensuring all calendar entries meet o4ice standards.
-Coordinate weekly scheduling meetings with the Member to review requests.
-Book and manage all Member travel in the district.
-Monitor the shared scheduling inbox and manage requests.
Measurable Objectives:
-Maintain incoming mail through o4ice platforms.
-Execute annual mailing items.
-Ensure timely completion of all scheduling, travel, and reporting tasks.

Reports to: Senior Advisor (Scheduler) & District Supervisor (District Sta4 Assistant)
This position requires excellent organizational skills, proactive communication, and a
commitment to supporting the Member’s district and scheduling needs.
Qualiﬁed candidates please send their resume to the following email address:
noah.longest@mail.house.gov. Please include “Sta4 Assistant/Scheduler” (First Name)
(Last Name) in the subject line.

MEM-530-24
TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial A4airs,
House Committee on Veterans’ A4airs, Majority Sta4
REPORTS TO: Majority Sta4 Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial
A4airs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Provide administrative and research support to Subcommittee sta4 and assists with
duties as assigned.
DUTIES:
• Maintain Subcommittee archives of activities, including Member and stakeholder
engagements.
• Travel and conduct oversight visits at agency locations.
• Draft trip reports, requests to agencies for information (including tracking deadlines),
hearing recaps, and other work product relevant to the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction.
• Subcommittee casework as assigned.
• Answer telephone and respond to caller inquiries.
• Keep abreast of emails, including Member inquiries and agency notiﬁcations.
• Organize and maintain Subcommittee electronic records, including meeting notes,
agency reports, other documents.
• Participate in sta4-level discussions on legislation being considered; draft policy
memoranda as assigned.
• Assist with due diligence being performed as part of the Subcommittee’s oversight duties,
including requesting information from agencies on matters within the Subcommittee
jurisdiction.
• Assist with hearing preparation and coordination of hearings, including drafting
memoranda and remarks for Chairman.
• Attend meetings with agencies, veteran service organizations, and other parties, and
maintain notes on such meetings.
• Assist with the drafting of memoranda for the full Committee and Subcommittee
Chairman on matters within the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Review the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and other
publications for matters of interest to Subcommittee Members and sta4.

• Assist with developing policy recommendations and serve as a resource for Members
both on and o4 Committee.
• Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Subcommittee
Chairman, full Committee Sta4 Director or Deputy Sta4 Director, and Subcommittee Sta4
Director, and assisting other Committee sta4, as needed.
• This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science.
REQUIRED SKILLS:
• Strong research skills. Legal research skills (e.g., LexisNexis) is a plus.
• Strong writing and editing skills.
•Strong Microsoft O4ice proﬁciency, including expertise in Word and the ability to use
Excel.
•Strong organizational skills.
•Strong verbal communication.
•Excellent attention to detail.
•Excellent listening skills.
•Strong ability to manage ﬂuctuating workloads and juggle and prioritize tasks, including
managing short-, medium-, and long-term tasks.
•Team oriented.
•Excellent ability to work well under pressure and time constraints.
•Problem solving and analytical skills are a plus.
•Potential to work independently.
BENEFITS: Employees may be eligible for the following beneﬁts:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Beneﬁts
•Many other supportive services and beneﬁts o4ered by the U.S. House of Representatives.
Other Information: Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S.
House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses
associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.

How to Apply: Qualiﬁed candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and one (1)
writing sample to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “DAMA
Republican Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-529-24
Rep. Nanette Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly talented and motivated Legislative
Assistant or Senior Policy Advisor in her Washington, DC o4ice – position title dependent
on experience. The primary responsibility for this position will be handling the Member’s
work on telecommunications issues as a member of the Energy and Commerce
Committee. Other priority issues in the legislative portfolio include; housing
homelessness, labor, education, and other issues as assigned.
Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, policy letters, memos, and talking points,
preparing for and sta4ing committee hearings, making vote recommendations, meeting
and maintaining relationships with constituents and advocacy groups, working closely with
the communications team and district sta4, advancing a number of the Member’s
legislative priorities, and other tasks as required. The position requires strong written and
oral communication skills, the ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced work
environment, and to work collaboratively in a team environment.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least 2-3 years of Capitol Hill
or relevant policy experience, be highly motivated, detail-oriented professionals with
strong organizational and time-management skills, a positive attitude, and the ability to
work under pressure and meet deadlines in a fast-paced work environment.
Candidates with previous experience in telecommunications policy and working
knowledge of the FCC and NTIA are preferred. Applicants should also have experience with
coalition building and the ability to maintain strategic relationships with constituent
organizations.
Previous experience working on housing and homelessness issues, Los Angeles Metro
Area|Southern California ties, and Spanish language skills are a plus.
Salary range is $60-80,000 - commensurate with skills and experience.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, two references, and two writing
samples with “Telecomm Legislative Assistant” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The o4ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-528-24
Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced Communications
Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press operation. Applicants must be
creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing and
executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social media, that
encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets. The Communications Director
will oversee day-to-day press operations, including coordinating and managing the press
team; responding to media inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news
opportunities to media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events;
managing the Member’s social media accounts and o4icial website; editing/drafting
speeches, talking points, ﬂoor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Sta4, Legislative Director,
and District Director to develop and coordinate core messaging. The Communications
Director is responsible for maintaining the Congresswoman’s voice across all
communications materials, with an emphasis on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and
connecting the Congresswoman’s values and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or o4 Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized, proﬁcient in multitasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and possess superior writing, editing,
and proofreading skills.
Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with radio/TV
bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended hours and
oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, a cover letter including salary requirements, and two
writing samples with the subject line “Communications
Director” to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.

The o4ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM 527-24
Congresswoman Val Hoyle (D-OR-04) seeks a self-starting, highly experienced, and
creative Communications Director to join her Washington, D.C. o4ice and lead a fastpaced communications team. The ideal candidate will have familiarity with national press,
the House franking process, and will work closely with the Deputy Chief of Sta4/District
Director, Legislative Director, and report to the Chief of Sta4 to set the Congresswomen’s
messaging priorities. This position will be the direct supervisor of the Press Secretary and
any Press Interns. This is not an entry-level position.
Essential Job Functions Required
1. Develops and implements strategic communications plans for the office, including
working closely with the legislative team to develop media strategies to roll out
legislation, send letters, and make other major announcements
2. Successfully and consistently pitches the Congresswoman to both local and
national TV, radio, and print media
3. Helps plan and staffs DC- and district-based events such as press conferences,
tele-townhalls, and roundtables, etc.
4. Prepares for, brief, and staffs the Congresswoman for media interviews, press
conferences, roundtables, and other engagements.
5. Drafts talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds and other materials, as
necessary, and in the Congresswoman’s voice.
6. Speaks on background with reporters and act as a media liaison for the
Congresswoman.
7. Helps manage social media presence, this includes drafting social media copy,
clipping interviews, and creating graphics to circulate across platforms.
8. Maintains and updates office website to ensure that it features timely content.
9. Serves as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
10. Develops and implements media, communications, and public relations strategy
for the Member.
11. Oversees digital media, website and other communications consultant.
12. Remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Member may be questioned.
13. Evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the nation for their
impact on the Member.
14. Provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's actions and
legislative activities.
15. Creates official digital ads and other graphics.
16. Writes speeches for the Member.

17. Meets attendance requirements as established by the office.
18. Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, media, and
constituents.
19. Works well under pressure and handles stress.
20. Supervises Press Secretary and any assigned Press Interns.
21. Accepts performance-based criticism and direction.
22. Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
23. Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualiﬁcations/Skills
1. Exceptionally strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
2. Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media.
3. Understanding of House franking process and regulations.
4. Experience with digital communications, including paid ads and analytics reports.
5. Background in graphic design, including graphics, videos, CANVA or Adobe Suite
preferred.
6. Experience developing communication strategy for a Member of Congress, an
elected o4icial, a federal agency, or a private or non-proﬁt organization.
7. Expertise in advising others on a communication strategy and ability to work well on
a team.
8. Able to make split-second decisions and develop communications under tight
deadlines.
9. Strategic thinker, politically savvy and comfortable navigating di4icult situations
with press and sta4; and
10. Time management skills, ability to work under pressure, and comfortable balancing
multiple responsibilities at once.
This o4ice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, marital status, parental status, military status, or any other
factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a
resume and cover letter.
Working Conditions
1. Work is performed in an o4ice environment. A hybrid work arrangement involving
telecommuting may also be approved, consistent with the needs of the o4ice.
2. Noise levels in the o4ice are usually moderate.
3. Ability to work in a small workstation without expectation of privacy.
Education/Experience
At least three-years of political and/or communications experience with strong academic
credentials. Alternatively, four-years of related experience or training in communications or
equivalent similar experience. Experience working in Congress is preferred.

The O4ice is accepting resumes until COB Friday, January 17, 2025. We will review them on
a rolling basis. Please have them send a resume and cover letter
to resumes.hoyle@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Communications Director
Opening. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-524-24
District Representative for California’s 49th Congressional District
Description: The sta4 member in this position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and
local agencies for the Member of Congress and constituents. The District Representative is
charged with helping constituents with casework and engaging the residents of the 49th
Congressional District, including planning meetings and events with the Member of
Congress. This position is based in Oceanside.
Responsibilities: The person in this role is speciﬁcally responsible for building and
maintaining relationships with a variety of communities throughout CA-49, especially in
Encinitas, Solana Beach, and Del Mar. This role involves handling constituent casework
with various federal agencies, with a focus on the Department of Homeland Security and
the Department of State. Other responsibilities include planning and sta4ing in-district
events, meetings, and site visits; working closely with the District O4ice and Washington,
DC o4ice sta4 on local and assigned policy issues and areas; and establishing
relationships with local groups, including attendance at key meetings and ensuring the
o4ice is tracking events and functions to facilitate the Member’s attendance.
Qualiﬁcations: Successful applicants should have a thorough knowledge of California’s
49th district, familiarity with the communities of Encinitas, Solana Beach, and Del Mar, a
service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills, proﬁciency at prioritizing and
managing multiple projects at one time, a capacity to work both independently and as part
of a team, and strong written and oral communications skills. Preference may be given to
residents of the 49th District.
The salary for this position is $50,000 to $60,000, commensurate with experience.
To Apply: Please send resume, cover letter, and three professional references
to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov
Veterans are encouraged to apply.
This o?ice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression,
or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our employees and encourage

candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply, including women, people of color, and
members of the LGBTQIA community.

MEM-523-24
The Democratic Staff of the House Budget Committee and Ranking Member Brendan F.
Boyle (PA-02) seek a creative and detail-oriented Digital Assistant to support digital
communications and public engagement efforts. This position will be split between the
committee office and personal office and will be based out of Washington D.C.
This position involves creating and scheduling content for social media platforms,
maintaining the committee’s website, producing multimedia materials (graphics, videos,
and infographics), and monitoring digital analytics to optimize outreach. The ideal
candidate will have 1-3 years of experience in digital communications, social media
management, or a similar role (Hill or campaign experience preferred), proficiency with
design and editing tools (e.g., Adobe Creative Suite, Canva), strong writing and editing
skills, and a passion for progressive policymaking.
Candidates should be highly organized, comfortable working under tight deadlines, and
familiar with social media analytics and website content management systems. A
bachelor’s degree in communications, political science, or a related field is preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and the position includes a competitive benefits
package.
This office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values mentorship and
professional development; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status. Candidates with diverse backgrounds,
women, people of color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, email a cover letter, resume, three examples of digital content, and contact
information for three references to budget-democrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with the
subject line: "[Name] – Digital Assistant Application." Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis.

MEM -522-24
The Office of Congressman Pat Ryan (NY-18) seeks a Press Secretary based in the
Washington DC office. Applicants should be prepared to join a highly-collaborative, highachieving team and possess an eagerness to grow and learn within the office. Ties to New
York’s 18th District are a plus.

The ideal candidate should demonstrate excellent writing and editing skills in addition to a
strong work ethic, good sense of humor, and keen attention to detail. The position will
require working non-traditional hours.
Responsibilities include:
Writing press releases, statements and media advisories
Drafting talking points and op-eds
Staffing the Congressman for interviews and media events
Planning press conferences and in-district events
Responding to press inquiries
Maintaining relationships and booking interviews with local press outlets
Other tasks as assigned
The Press Secretary will report to the Communications Director, and work closely with the
Chief of Staff, the District Director, the Digital Director, the Legislative Director, and other
legislative and district staff in creating, coordinating and executing the digital and written
content strategy to promote the Congressman’s legislative and district priorities. The
salary range for this position is $60,000 - $80,000, commensurate with experience.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three
references in a single PDF to ny18resumes@mail.house.gov with the job title and your full
name in the subject line (e.g.: “Press Secretary - Bryson Daily). No phone calls, faxes or
drop-ins, please. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-521-24
The Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. is seeking a Communications
Director that can work in Washington D.C. or the Charlotte, N.C. District Office.
The Communications Director is expected to work closely with the Chief of Staff, Deputy
Chief of Staff / District Director, and the Legislative Director to develop and execute a
comprehensive and aggressive strategic plan to inform constituents and the media about
Congresswoman Adams and her work as a member of congress. This includes making
media pitches, organizing press events, and reviewing, drafting, and finalizing statements,
talking points/speeches, press releases, media advisories, and other messaging (e.g.,
newsletters and social media). Finally, the Communications Director will oversee all
Franked communications, which includes mailers. Successful candidates will be
exceptional writers and have strong experience working in fast-paced environments and
implementing aggressive communications plans. North Carolina ties strongly preferred.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•

•
•
•

•
•
•

Develop strategic communications plans for all district and DC events/speaking
engagements/member appearances, etc. and work closely with the DC and District
Offices to implement successful media strategies;
Produce written and visual content for the office, including but not limited to press
releases, statements, social media post and weekly newsletters;
Manage, mentor, and grow the communications team, focusing on staff
professional development, skill building, and efficient workflows;
Build and sustain strong relationships with North Carolina and national print,
online, radio, and broadcast media (reporters, producers, editors, columnists,
etc.), and remain ready to identify creative ways to pitch the Member;
Prepare, brief, and staff the Member for media interviews, press conferences,
roundtables, and other engagements;
Draft and edit office materials, talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds,
and other materials as necessary; and
Speak on background or on the record with reporters when necessary and act as a
media liaison for the Member.

•

REQUIREMENTS:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•

Bachelor’s Degree in a relevant field or equivalent professional experience;
Previous Capitol Hill, campaign or political experience strongly preferred;
Exceptionally strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
Previous on the record experience;
Ability to take photographs and write content for social media
Experience managing others and promoting professional development;
Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media and how to successfully
create and leverage opportunities in each;
Strategic thinker, politically savvy, and ability to manage competing priorities and
develop solutions under tight deadlines;
Ability to work well with others, willingness to take initiative, manage competing
priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines are a must;
and
Works a flexible schedule, including long hours on nights, weekends and holidays.

Rep. Alma S. Adams’ office provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and
applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type
without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics,
protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other
characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, a resume, three references, and three
writing samples to NC12.resume@mail.house.gov with “[NAME] –Communications
Director” in the subject line.

MEM-520-24
Congresswoman-elect Maxine Dexter is seeking a full-time Legislative Assistant in
Washington, DC. This is not an entry-level position. The salary range is $62,000 - $75,000.
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to OR3resumes@gmail.com. Oregon ties are strongly preferred.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Works with the Deputy Chief of Sta4 & Legislative Director and Chief of Sta4 to
formulate and advance legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas.
• Represents the Congresswoman at meetings with constituents, district
stakeholders, committee sta4, and federal agencies and sta4s the Congresswoman
at engagements relevant to assigned issue areas.
• Tracks legislation and coordinates co-sponsorship of bills and co-signing of letters
for the Congresswoman.
• Develops brieﬁng materials, talking points, and policy memos for the
Congresswoman.
• Briefs the Congresswoman on bills before the House, provides advice on
Committee activity, and assists the district o4ice sta4 with legislative matters that
impact the local community.
• Provides input to the Communications Director to draft speeches, press releases,
op-eds, and statements for the Congresswoman.
• Provides district o4ice sta4 with targeted information for community events.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong written and verbal communication skills.
• Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, procedures, and organization of the
House.
• Self-starting personality.
• Passion for public service.
• Ability to work well under pressure.
• Willingness to accept performance-based criticism and direction.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.

MEM 519-24
The Office of Congressman Jamie Raskin (MD-08) seeks a Scheduling Director /
Operations Manager.

The Scheduling Director/Operations Manager will work closely with the Member, the Chief
of Staff, and District Chief to coordinate the Member’s official schedule and provide
administrative support to the Member and team to ensure efficient operations. Essential
duties include but are not limited to: managing the Member’s daily and long-term
schedule; organizing and tracking invitations, speaking engagements, meetings, and
scheduling requests for the Member; corresponding with outside stakeholders on
scheduling matters and keeping the Member on schedule throughout the day; coordinating
logistics and strategic planning for events; coordinating official travel of the Member and
staff; providing operational support such as overseeing leave requests and staff training;
liaising with technology department and managing member’s technology and office
technology; and other administrative duties as may be assigned.
The successful candidate ideally has experience working on the Hill and experience with
scheduling and/or operations. Applicants should be motivated self-starters and highlycollaborative team players who demonstrate scrupulous attention to detail, keen
organizational skills, effective time management, excellent oral and written
communication skills, and has a professional demeanor. The role regularly interacts with
constituents, relevant stakeholders, congressional offices, and federal agencies. The
candidate should be responsive and friendly while demonstrating strategic planning and
decision-making skills. A discreet approach to these responsibilities is essential. This
position may include evening and weekend work as the Congressional and Member
schedule requires.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, military status, gender identity and expression, marital status, parental status,
or sexual orientation or any other characteristics protected by applicable laws, in any of its
activities or operations.
To apply, please email: MD08.Resumes@mail.house.gov by January 9, 2025 with
“Scheduling Director/Operations Manager: Last Name” in the subject line and the
following applications materials attached as one pdf:
1. Resume
2. Cover letter
3. Two writing samples
4. Three references – including name, current title, phone number, and email address.

MEM 518-24
The office of Congressman Greg Steube is seeking a District Director to oversee all indistrict operations. This position is based in Sarasota, Florida, and offers a unique

opportunity to play a key leadership role in the Congressman’s efforts to serve and
represent constituents.
Position Overview:
The District Director will manage all operations of the district office and will be responsible
for executing the Member’s priorities in the district. Working closely with the Member,
Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, Communications Director, and Director of Operations,
the District Director will contribute to the strategic development of initiatives and
programs that align with the Member’s goals. This position will also serve as the public
face of the office in the district, regularly attending events and representing the
Congressman at meetings within the community.
Key responsibilities:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Oversee the Member’s constituent casework activities with federal departments
and agencies
Align district office strategies and plans with the Member’s broader goals and
legislative priorities
Collaborate with D.C. staff to ensure smooth communication and coordination
between the district and D.C. offices
Facilitate the Member’s visibility and engagement in the district through regular
public appearances, meetings, and events
Manage and lead district office staff, including planning, assigning, and directing
work to ensure high performance and efficiency
Build and maintain strong relationships with local community leaders,
stakeholders, and constituents
Monitor and assess district office operations to improve effectiveness and
constituent satisfaction

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience developing and implementing community relations strategies for an
elected official, federal agency, or similar organization
• Proven ability to manage staff, make sound decisions, and prioritize competing
demands in a fast-paced environment
• Politically astute with the ability to navigate complex political and community
dynamics
• Familiarity with Florida’s 17th Congressional district, including its key issues and
stakeholders
Additional preferred attributes:
•

•
•

Bachelor’s degree in political science, government, or a related field
Demonstrated commitment to public service and community engagement

How to Apply:
Interested candidates should submit a resume to floridarepublicanjobs@gmail.com.

MEM-517-24
Congresswoman Susie Lee (D-NV) seeks a highly organized, good-humored, hard-working
DC Scheduler to develop, coordinate, and manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and
long-term schedule and logistics in DC. The DC Scheduler will report to the Chief of Staff
and work closely with the Member, DC staff, and District staff, including a District-based
scheduler responsible for in-district scheduling. This is not an entry-level role; prior
scheduling experience is preferred, and salary will be commensurate with experience.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and
scheduling requests, coordinating travel for the Member, compiling the Congresswoman’s
nightly briefing materials, and managing office operations, including but not limited to
facilitating Member meetings and calls, coordinating internal and external events,
assisting with onboarding and training for staff and interns, and other administrative
duties. Responsibilities will also include providing staffing support, including driving the
Congresswoman as needed. Strong candidates will be creative problem solvers, have
excellent attention to detail, communicate succinctly and effectively, and thrive in a fastpaced work environment. The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under
pressure, and the flexibility to be responsive to urgent scheduling needs on nights and
weekends.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Candidates should submit in PDF format a resume, cover letter, and three references
(including name, title and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the
candidate) to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name – DC
Scheduler.”

MEM-516-24
Congresswoman Jennifer McClellan (VA-04) seeks a highly motivated and proactive
Communications Director in her Washington, DC office.
In close collaboration with the Member and Chief of Staff, the Communications Director
will manage all aspects of the Congresswoman’s communications strategy, including her
earned media, digital media, and franked communications. The Communications Director
will report directly to the Chief of Staff.

The Communications Director will cultivate and manage relationships with both national
and local press, field all press inquiries, and proactively pitch stories and book the Member
for local and national TV; draft press releases, media advisories, and op-eds; collaborate
with the Legislative and District teams to coordinate press rollouts for new legislative
efforts and in-district events; manage a robust franked communications budget; oversee a
rapid social media program; and oversee and manage a communications team.
This position is part of the Member’s senior staff – this is not an entry-level position. The
ideal candidate should have several years of demonstrated communications experience,
including on-the-record experience, strong relationships with bookers and producers, and
a broad network of reporter relationships. The candidate should possess strong writing and
interpersonal skills and good political instincts. Capitol Hill experience required. Virginia
ties are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal benefits, including student loan repayment, transit or
parking benefits, generous PTO and FMLA, and work-from-home options. The pay range is
$95,000-$105,000, commensurate with experience.
To Apply: All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, and
two writing samples to VA04.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
This full-time position is based in her Washington, D.C. office. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
gender identity, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, national origin, age, or military,
marital, or parental status. The office prioritizes building a diverse team: women and
candidates from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and other underrepresented communities are
encouraged to apply.

MEM-476-24
Congressman Dan Crenshaw (R-TX-02) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working Legislative
Assistant (LA), based in our Washington, D.C. o4ice. This position reports to the Legislative
Director. The LA will handle an economic facing portfolio, including Budget and
Appropriations, Financial Services, and Tax, with other issues to follow.
Key duties include:
• Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Legislative Director, and
legislative, communications, and district teams on legislative updates
• Preparing and sta4ing the Member for meetings, and assisting in the drafting of remarks,
as needed
• Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio of
issue areas Working with external stakeholders, Congressional Research Service (CRS),

Legislative Counsel, and committee sta4 to draft legislation based on the Member’s
priorities
• Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communications skills and be detailoriented, organized, and creative. They must be able to quickly learn the member’s voice
and think in a proactive, communications-focused manner.
Other key qualities include:
• Commitment to a collaborative work environment
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage competing priorities
• Ability to communicate up and down within the team
• Ability to learn the Congressman’s voice and legislative priorities
• Interest in identifying and pursuing new opportunities and the ability to anticipate and
adapt to challenges
Hill experience is required. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with level of
experience. Qualiﬁed applicants should submit a resume and writing sample (no more
than 3 pages) as one combined PDF to Kenneth.Depew@mail.house.gov. Include
“Legislative Assistant – [Full Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on
a rolling basis as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

