Member and Committee Openings
Week of September 8, 2025
MEM-290-25
U.S. Navy SEAL veteran Congressman Derrick Van Orden (WI-03) is seeking a
Communications Director to lead a proactive, fast-paced, media-centered
communications operation for his Washington, D.C. office. The Communications Director
is a one-man comms shop, but works closely with the Member, Chief of Staff, and District
Director. This is not an entry-level position.
Key Responsibilities:
• Develop and execute a comprehensive media and communications strategy.
• Manage and implement an aggressive Franking program.
• Serve as the Member’s primary press contact and spokesperson by responding to
press inquiries and fostering relationships with local, D.C., and national press.
• Pitch and book media appearances at all outreach levels (TV, print, radio, digital).
• Write talking points, press releases, newsletters, and run the Member’s oRicial
social media platforms.
• Collaborate with the legislative team and District Director for D.C.- and Districtbased messaging.
Qualifications:
• Prior Hill communications experience is required; experience as a Press Secretary
or Communications Director is strongly preferred.
• Ability to manage multiple priorities with tight deadlines in a fast-paced
environment.
• A proactive and strategic mindset with a strong work ethic and team-oriented
attitude.
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
• Familiarity with Wisconsin/the Midwest, veterans, agricultural, and military issues
are a plus but not required.
Qualified applicants should send their resume and two writing samples to
Ashley.Haines@mail.house.gov.

MEM-289-25

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT
Rep. Madeleine Dean (PA-04) seeks a Legislative Assistant with strong oral and written
communication skills to join her DC office. The Legislative Assistant will assist with the
Congresswoman’s work on the Appropriations Committee and lead a diverse portfolio of
issues including the Congresswoman's work as a member of the Subcommittee on Labor,
Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies. Additional issues would
likely include Agriculture, Energy & Water, Interior, and Environment. This person will also
be responsible for overseeing other issue areas as assigned and will work in coordination
with the Member’s Legislative Director and Chief of Staff to advance the Congresswoman’s
legislative goals.
Job Duties:
• Preparing and staRing the Congresswoman for committee hearings and markups
including proposing strategic approaches, drafting remarks and questions,
understanding issues suRiciently to respond to questions;
• Advancing current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation, building
support, legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as
speeches, policy memos, and factsheets;
• Developing expertise in new issue areas as they arise;
• Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
• Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and Committee
oRices; and
• Carrying out additional duties as required.
Requirements:
• A strong policy background within the portfolio;
• A team player and a self-starter;
• Strong written and verbal communication skills;
• Previous Capitol Hill experience or policy experience
• Strong understanding of the legislative process and coalition building;
• Ability to maintain strategic relationships with constituent organizations;
• Comfortable managing multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment.
Preferences:
• Appropriations experience
• Health Policy experience
• 3+ years of work experience
• A demonstrated interest in public service
To Apply:

All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, writing sample,
and references to PA04applications@gmail.com with the subject line “Legislative
Assistant - [applicant’s last name]” The application deadline is 9/12/25. The office will
contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview process on a rolling basis.
Please, no phone calls or drop ins.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-288-25
The Office of Congressman Pete Aguilar (CA-33) is seeking a Veterans Liaison &
Constituent Services Representative based in San Bernardino, CA.
This position is responsible for overseeing all veteran-related issues and initiatives on
behalf of the Congressman, including managing VA and DOD casework and outreach;
managing the Service Academy nomination process; overseeing the Congressman’s
Veterans Advisory Board; liaising with Veteran Service Organizations (VSOs); representing
and staffing the Congressman at community meetings and events; serving as the
Congressman’s primary representative in assigned cities; serving as the Congressman’s
Law Enforcement Coordinator and overseeing district office security.
The position requires prior experience working with veterans. The successful candidate will
possess excellent organizational, writing and oral communication skills; a high level of
attention to detail, the ability to manage multiple tasks, work effectively in a team
environment and be a self-starter. Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule,
including occasional nights, weekends and some holidays.
The salary range for this full-time position is $60,000 - $70,000 per year. Employment
benefits include medical, dental, vision, and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts
(FSA), Health Savings Accounts (HSA), student loan repayment, retirement plans, and
other benefits in addition to paid time off, sick leave, and federal holidays.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter and resume to
aguilar.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Veterans Liaison & Constituent Services
Representative Application” in the subject line.
The Office of Congressman Pete Aguilar is an equal opportunity employer; we do not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital status,
sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law.
Applicants with disabilities who require a reasonable accommodation to participate in the

application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at any time
during those processes.

MEM-287-25
Press Assistant/Press Secretary, Rep. Tony Gonzales (TX-23)
The Office of Congressman Tony Gonzales seeks a Press Secretary or Press Assistant in his
Washington, D.C. office (title and pay commensurate with experience). Applicants must
have exceptional writing skills, attention to detail, and an ability to manage competing
demands and deadlines.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
-Coordinating the creation of print and digital advertisements;
-Creating and posting social media posts;
-Producing graphics and editing photos and videos;
-Drafting press releases and weekly newsletters;
-Compiling daily press clips;
-Assisting with the drafting of columns and other written materials as assigned;
-Managing the Member’s website.
QUALIFICATIONS:
-Candidates with Texas ties are preferred.
-This is not an entry-level position; at least 1-2 years of full-time professional experience in
press and digital communications or a related field is required.
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted
in subject line.

MEM-286-25
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Counsel or Professional Staff
Member:
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Democratic staff seeks a counsel
or professional staff member to assist with the Committee’s oversight and investigations
work.
Exceptional writing and research skills, sound political judgment, the capacity to articulate
technical and policy issues clearly and concisely, and the ability to work closely and
collaboratively with other congressional offices and stakeholders are essential.
Responsibilities include preparing for and staffing hearings and briefings; drafting
statements, memos, letters and other materials; assisting with the Committee’s

investigative and oversight work, including preparing for and conducting transcribed
interviews and depositions; and serving as a resource for Democratic Members and staff
on matters within the Committee’s jurisdiction.
This position’s primary focus would include Energy, Environmental Policy, Climate, FEMA
and disaster response; reporting to the Full Committee, as well as the Subcommittee on
Economic Growth, Energy Policy, and Regulatory Affairs. Substantive work on policy,
oversight, and investigations is preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill, Administration or legal experience,
and experience with investigations or oversight, is preferred.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel/Professional Staff Member” in the subject line. Please attach your resume and
cover letter as one PDF with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName”. The DEADLINE to submit is September 15, 2025. No unsolicited
calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The starting range for this position is $75,000 - $110,000, with the negotiated salary highly
commensurate with the level of educational and professional experience. The Oversight
Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, or national origin.

MEM-283-25
Congresswoman Emilia Sykes seeks a Communications Director to serve in their
Washington, D.C. office. Candidates must be proactive, possess superior written and oral
communication skills, and be able to execute a robust communications strategy.
This is not an entry-level position. Only candidates with prior political or legislative
communications experience will be considered.
Primary responsibilities:
• Creating and executing a robust communications plan;
• Establishing and maintaining relationships with Ohio, national, and D.C.-based
media;
• Advancing press events and staRing the Member as needed, including occasional
night and weekend commitments;
• Drafting and distributing press releases, statements, and media advisories;
• Creating, editing, and strategically placing op-eds;

•
•
•
•
•
•

Overseeing the development of social media content creation, including rapid
response;
Managing a franked communications plan including text messages, e-newsletters,
digital ads, radio ads, 499s, mailers, etc;
Pitching to reporters and producers, responding to press inquiries, and serving as
the main point-of-contact for media;
Updating the website as needed;
Managing the Press Secretary; and
Performing other duties as assigned.

Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
To apply, please send a resume, three references, and two writing samples in one pdf to
JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: Full Name –
Communications Director.

MEM-282-25
Representative Dina Titus seeks a Scheduler/Staff Assistant to manage both her DC and
district schedule.
This individual works closely with the Chief of Staff and District Director on a broad range
of scheduling and executive operations including tracking, evaluating, and responding to
all invitations and scheduling requests, coordinating travel, and managing all aspects of
the Congresswoman’s daily and long-term schedule. The individual will also be
responsible for managing the front office, answering and logging telephone calls,
managing constituent requests for flags and tours, recruiting and managing interns, and
other administrative duties.
The ideal candidate will exercise discretion and confidentiality, remain calm under
pressure, and be able to collaborate and communicate well with a large D.C. and State
staff.
Previous administrative or scheduling experience preferred. Candidates with a diverse
background and Nevada state ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
The salary for this position is $55,000 - $65,000 per year. Salary is commensurate with
experience. Rep. Titus is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

To Apply: Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
NV01jobs@gmail.com with "Application: Scheduler/Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
The Office of General Counsel (“OGC”), which provides legal advice and representation to
Members, committees, officers, and employees of the House on matters related to their
official duties without regard to political affiliation, is accepting applications for the
position of Assistant General Counsel.
Core responsibilities include: drafting district court pleadings and appellate briefs;
appearing in court in litigation matters in which the House or individual Members, officers,
or employees have an official interest; analyzing legal problems presented by House
Members, committees, officers, and employees, and formulating recommended
solutions; advising and counseling House Members, committees, officers, and employees
on a wide range of legal issues; gathering facts necessary to permit OGC to provide sound
legal advice; interacting with House leadership, committees, and other House offices;
interacting with opposing counsel (both government and private); representing witnesses
in connection with investigative proceedings; performing legal research on issues of
constitutional, statutory, and common law; and working closely with other OGC attorneys
and support staff in performing these functions.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Minimum Requirements: (1) excellent academic credentials; (2) at least three years’
experience as a practicing attorney, including any judicial clerkships; (3) excellent writing,
analytical, and people skills; (4) excellent judgment; (5) ability to work with, and to provide
high quality legal advice and representation to, House Members, committees, officers, and
employees, without regard to political affiliation; and (6) appreciation of—or at least the
desire to learn about and understand—the role and functioning of the Legislative Branch.
Preferred Qualifications: (1) judicial clerkship or other government experience; (2)
experience drafting dispositive motions in federal district courts and/or briefs in federal
courts of appeals; and (3) understanding of structure and operations of the Federal
Government, particularly the House of Representatives and the Department of Justice.
Information about OGC is available at https://ogc.house.gov
Salary Level/Range: $170,000-$185,000
Please email your application consisting of: cover letter, resume, law school transcript, list
of references, and writing sample to OGC.Employment@mail.house.gov. Application
deadline, Thursday, September 18, 2025. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis between now and the deadline. Please include in the email subject line “Assistant
General Counsel Vacancy.”

MEM-281-25
Digital Director: Rep. Mike Thompson (CA-04), senior member of the House Ways and
Means Committee and Chair of the House Gun Violence Prevention Task Force, seeks a
Digital Director to join his fast-paced communication team.
Job Description: The Digital Director is an integral part of the communications team and
will work to manage the Member’s digital profile via social media, the official website,
photography/videography, graphic creation, and content editing, among other
responsibilities. Candidates should be familiar with graphic design and photo/video editing
tools, including Canva and Adobe Premiere. This position is not entry level and will be
based in Washington, D.C. 1-2 years of relevant digital experience is required. California
ties and/or Spanish fluency is a plus but not required. This is a full-time position with
evening and weekend work as needed. This is an in-person position.
Job Duties:
• Coordinate with the Communications Director to develop and implement the
Member’s communications and media strategy
• Create videos, graphics, and other digital content that is compelling, engaging, onbrand, and error-free
• Draft content in the voice of the Congressman each day in addition to quickly
responding to breaking news and Capitol Hill and district developments
• Taking photos and videos of the Congressman at events and in meetings
• Creating content for rollouts and rapid response opportunities, including clipping,
captioning, and posting committee remarks, ﬂoor speeches, and interviews
• Assist with drafting and circulating the Congressman’s newsletter, media advisories,
press releases, statements, talking points, and speeches
• Manage and post on all social media accounts for the Member (Facebook, X,
Instagram, YouTube, Blue Sky, etc.)
• Track analytics across all relevant platforms and suggest improvements or ideas to
enhance Member’s brand
• Edit and maintain the Member’s website to include relevant updates, press
releases, news, photos, and more
• Design public-facing printed materials (mailers, pamphlets, brochures)
• Develops communications to assist with outreach to district stakeholders and
Member oRices
• Monitors national and local media coverage to stay abreast of current events
• Support press event logistics for the Member in Washington, D.C. and in the district
Create and maintain press lists
• Proofreads and fact-checks written materials to ensure complete accuracy
• Compiles the Member's daily news clips to distribute to oRice staR

•
•
•
•

Generates and shares ideas for press, mass mailing, and newsletters to assist with
the development of traditional and digital media strategies
Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an eRicient and eRective manner
Other duties as assigned by the Communications Director, Chief of staR, Deputy
Chief of StaR and Member
Reports to Chief of StaR, Deputy Chief of StaR, and Communications Director

Qualifications:
• Bachelor’s degree in communications, journalism, public relations, graphic design,
or related ﬁeld
• Exceptional writing, editing, and organizational skills
• Experience with social media platforms and tools (e.g., Twitter/X, Facebook,
Instagram, Canva, Adobe Creative Suite, or similar tools)
• Ability to create engaging graphics, visuals, and videos
• Strong interest in digital media and trends
• Detail-oriented, with the ability to juggle multiple tasks and meet tight deadlines
Salary Level/Range: $60,000, commensurate with experience, and includes health
insurance, student loan repayment, and other competitive benefits.
Applicant Instructions: Prospective candidates should e-mail a cover letter, resume, one
graphic digital work sample, and one video work sample to CA04Jobs@mail.house.gov
with the subject line “LASTNAME_Digital.”
Notice: All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental

MEM-277-25
DISTRICT DIRECTOR

OFFICE of CONGRESSWOMAN LAURA GILLEN
The District Director oversees all district office operations. This position develops and
implements policy objectives, strategies and operating plans for the Congresswoman's
district office and directs all activities and staff of the district office.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Manages district oRice staR.
• Represents the Congresswoman and/or assigns appropriate staR to do so in the
• district oRice as needed.
• Plans, assigns and evaluates work of employees in district oRice.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Interviews, selects and trains employees of district oRice and ensures that district
oRice staR complies with oRice policies, practices, and procedures.
Conducts district oRice staR meetings.
Speaks to local groups when the Congresswoman is unavailable.
Maintains close communication with the Washington, D.C. oRice.
Travels throughout the district at regular intervals to keep abreast of local
concerns.
Meets with elected oRicials and representatives of local groups on behalf of the
Congresswoman.
Schedules meetings with federal and district government agencies as necessary.
Responds to constituent telephone calls and mail.
Meets attendance requirements as established by the oRice.
Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staR, and
constituents.
Works well under pressure and handles stress.
Accepts performance-based criticism and direction.
Works a ﬂexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
Performs other duties as assigned.

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A minimum of a bachelor’s degree and five-ten years of related experience in
management and/or legislation or equivalent similar experience is required.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Ability to perform essential job functions above.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
• pleasant, and professional manner.
• Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments.
• An understanding of the district and federal political process.
• Provides necessary organization, supervisory leadership and motivation to
• manage district oRice.
• Excellent oral and written communication skills.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
• Work is mainly performed in an oRice environment. Noise levels are usually
• moderate; and
• Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
TO APPLY: Please email your resume to Sarah Carlson at
sarah.carlson@mail.house.gov

MEM-276-25
Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz is looking for a self-motivated full-time Field
Representative for her Sunrise, FL office. Overall primary responsibilities include serving
as a liaison with federal, state, and/or local agencies and constituent groups, answering
casework correspondence, communicating and meeting with constituents, and executing
district outreach on behalf of the Member.
Some key functions of the position include:
• Meeting with local groups and constituents on behalf of the Congresswoman.
• Proactively seeking opportunities to develop community outreach relationships on behalf
of the Congresswoman.
• Working closely with the District Director and Outreach Director to implement planned
outreach events and to suggest new innovative ideas.
• Representing or speaking on behalf of the Congresswoman at events and local meetings.
• Staying abreast of local news and issues affecting South Florida, particularly Broward
County.
• Monitoring and updating the Congresswoman and senior staff on district and local
issues.
• Responding to casework inquiries from constituents in a timely manner while monitoring
casework for problems requiring legislative action or proper escalations.
• Working a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends.
• Performing other duties as assigned, including driving the Member while in South Florida
as needed.
The successful applicant must have a positive attitude and the genuine desire to serve
constituents contacting Congresswoman Wasserman Schultz for assistance.
• Applicants must possess strong communication, organizational, and writing skills as well
as a strong interest in community outreach.
• Knowledge of the communities of the 25th Congressional district is preferred.
• Additional language proficiency, including in Spanish, is a plus.
• Experience, connections or exposure to working with organizations focused on African
American, faith based, and Caribbean Communities is a plus for the role.
APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: Applicants should submit a cover letter, résumé and a list
of at least three references as one PDF. They should be submitted through the online
portal:
https://resumebank.domewatch.us/start/?code=WPgUOjYoXQf&title=Field%20Represent
ative.
Salary Range: $45,000 - $60,000 (title and compensation commensurate with experience)

If interested, please send the required information by Friday, September 12, 2025, at
5:00PM.

