Internship Openings
Week of July 28, 2025
MEM-256-25
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated candidates for a paid
internship for the Fall 2025 Semester in our D.C. office.
Interns in our D.C. office will have the opportunity to witness the legislative process and
the inner workings of Capitol Hill first-hand. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
answering constituent phone calls, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the United States Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the
needs of the Congresswoman's staff. The internship will run from September through
December, from 9 am-6 pm when Congress is in session and from 9 am-5 pm when
Congress is not in session.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills, prioritizes
professionalism, is a dedicated team player, and has a friendly persona. Ties to Nevada's
First District are a plus, but not required. The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
How to Apply:
Interested applicants should fill out the form below and include a cover letter, resume, and
short (1-2 page) writing sample. Applications will be accepted until Friday, August 8th, on a
rolling basis. No calls or drop-ins, please.
https://airtable.com/appvhTtUVUvgCTTsi/shrTW2qpRrf8JhjVp

MEM-255-25
The Office of Congressman Jim Costa (CA-21) seeks a highly motivated and creative
Digital/Press Intern to join a fast-paced communications operation based in Rep. Costa’s
Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2025 intern class. This is a paid internship role at a
$17.50 hourly wage.

This internship program prides itself on its educational aspects. Press interns will immerse
themselves in fast-paced press operations and learn the ins and outs of a congressional
communications shop. They will have an opportunity to learn and engage on various digital
platforms while learning how to connect people to policy.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and digital skills to assist with
time-sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing
software, such as Adobe, Canva, and Photoshop. Candidates with experience in a press or
digital media role (including internships) are preferred but not required. California or
Central Valley ties are a plus. The intern will be under the supervision of the
Communications Director and Internship Coordinator.
Internship Responsibilities
• Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant with drafting social media
content, e-newsletters, targeted mailing, and website content.
• Edit photos and create engaging graphics in line with the Congressman’s brand.
• Clipping, editing, and compiling videos.
• Assist with the creation and maintenance of press lists.
• Compile daily press clips and reports about social media analytics.
• Other office tasks such as answering phones, drafting correspondence, conducting
tours, and other duties as required.
Internship Dates and Details:
Fall internships will start in late September 2025 and go until the end of December 2025,
with some flexibility. Interns are expected to work in compliance with the office's regular
hours of operation. Our office cannot accommodate remote or hybrid internships at this
time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, August 15.
Apply: Interested applicants should fill out the internship application via our website:
Internships | Congressman Jim Costa (house.gov)
(https://costa.house.gov/services/internships), specifying in their application their desire
to be a press intern for the 2025 Summer Cohort.
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. The Office of Rep. Jim Costa is an equal opportunity
employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment.
Contact: Please reach out to our intern coordinator, Grant Menolascino, with any
questions regarding the application process at Grant.menolascino@mail.house.gov.

MEM-252-25
The Office of Congressman Nick Langworthy (NY-23) is seeking intern candidates in our
Washington, D.C. Office for Fall 2025.

Successful applicants will be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work ethic, and
interact well with constituents. In addition, applicants should have a strong interest in the
legislative process and the function of Congress. New York ties are preferred but not
required.
Internship duties may include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
• Attending Congressional hearings and policy briefings
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House
• Helping the communications team
• Conducting tours of the US Capitol for constituents
• Other projects as assigned by staff
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter to justin.pavonarius@mail.house.gov
with the subject line “Fall 2025 Internship Application.”

MEM-241-25
Fall Internship
Ideal candidates will be organized, detail-oriented, and passionate about public service.
Applicants should have excellent communication and writing skills.
Key Responsibilities Include:
- Assisting with front office operations
- Answer constituent letters and phone calls
- Attend hearings and briefings related to the Congressman's portfolio
- Research legislation for the Member and legislative staff
Internships are in-person, paid, and run from August through December with flexible start
and end dates.
To apply, visit https://messmer.house.gov/forms/internships. Applications will be
accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-239-25
The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly motivated,
proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications team. Applicants must
be available to begin in mid-August. Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and

positive work ethic, pay attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have solid
writing and editing skills. Preferred applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and
are willing to perform and follow through on a wide variety of tasks. A monthly stipend is
available.
Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
Position can be in person or hybrid
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and
graphic sample to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com.

MEM-237-25
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Fall 2025 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island office, to start at the beginning of September. Duties include, but
are not limited to:
-Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the Member office to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;
-Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
-Assists Member and key staff (e.g. Staff Assistant, Press Assistant, Constituent Services
Team) with logistical and administrative duties;
-Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response;
-Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
-Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at local events;
-Accompanies district staff to public forums, meetings, and events as a representative to
the Member.
Applicants should apply on our website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-236-25
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Law Clerk
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs seeks a law clerk for

the fall 2025 semester. The law clerk will work with Democratic staff on various research
projects, legislative activities, and oversight efforts.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Conducting research,
Drafting memos, letters, and other written materials,
Attending briefings and hearings,
Assisting with Committee events, and
Completing other tasks as assigned.
Qualified candidates will be second- or third-year law students who have a demonstrated
interest in public service, Congress, or veterans policy. Candidates for this position must
have superior organizational skills, a strong work ethic, ability to pay close attention to
detail, as well as excellent research, writing, and analytical skills. Additionally, the ability
to excel in fast-past environments and a willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
The Committee strongly encourages veterans, minorities, women, people with disabilities,
LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU and MSI students to apply.
This paid, full-time or part-time, in-person position is based in Washington, D.C.
Candidates should submit their application, including a resume and cover letter through
the online application accessible at https://democrats-veterans.house.gov/opportunities.
The deadline to apply is 5 p.m. on Wednesday, August 6, 2025. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-235-25
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Press/Digital Intern
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs seeks a press/digital
intern for the Fall 2025 semester. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Compiling and distributing morning press clips,
Tracking media hits for Committee members,
Assisting with video shoots,
Assisting with creating messaging packets and digital toolkits for the caucus,
Writing first drafts of remarks, press releases, and video scripts,
Developing social media content, and
Clipping floor and hearing remarks from members.
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to

assist wherever needed is a must.
The ideal candidate will have strong oral and written communications skills, be detailoriented, has a familiarity with social media platforms, and have a desire to help veterans
and learn about the Committee and the legislative process. The Committee strongly
encourages veterans, minority, women, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and
HBCU and MSI students to apply.
This paid, full-time or part-time, in-person position is based in Washington, D.C.
Candidates must submit a cover letter, resume, and writing samples through the online
application accessible at https://democrats-veterans.house.gov/opportunities.
The deadline to apply 5 p.m. on Friday, August 1, 2025.

MEM-233-25
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2025 term. Interns
will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process first-hand and the
many functions of a Congressional office. The Press and Digital Intern will help build
out the Congresswoman’s digital and social media presence, with heavy emphasis on
creating engaging social media content and graphics.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist
with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video
editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. Press Intern responsibilities will vary but may
include answering phones and data entry. Washington DC interns may be asked to assist
in researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending briefings,
hearings, and markups; and answering constituent letters on various issues.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official website
and complete the application form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part
of the application, a cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to
California’s 7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on
a rolling basis. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate
based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status.

MEM-232-25

Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Sacramento) offices
for the Fall 2025 term. Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the
legislative process first-hand and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data entry.
Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation for the Member
and legislative staff, attending briefings, hearings, and markups; and answering
constituent letters on various issues. Interns based in California may also be asked to
assist on a variety of constituent casework or in-district projects, as needed.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official website
and complete the application form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part
of the application, a cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to
California’s 7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on
a rolling basis. All applications are considered on a rolling basis. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age,
ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family status, or military
status.

MEM-231-25
Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns to work in
his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2025 term. Intern responsibilities include
corresponding and communicating with constituents, researching policy, legislative
analysis, guiding Capitol building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend
Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a
positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Those interested should send their resume and cover letter
to grayson.donnellan@mail.house.gov & brianna.garcia@mail.house.gov. Applications are
reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible
and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class schedules. This is a paid position
and is competitive with that of other offices. Rate of pay will depend on hours worked and
duration of internship. State ties preferred but not required.

MEM-229-25
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks interns for the
upcoming Fall 2025 term.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, drafting and
editing constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the

legislative staff, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing support for
the day-to-day activities of the office. Interns are paid via a monthly stipend.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin,
age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples to
WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should indicate their
availability on an hourly, daily, and monthly basis during the Fall term. The deadline to
apply is 6:00 PM ET on Friday, August 1st, 2025.

MEM-225-25
Congresswoman Angie Craig (MN-02) is seeking interns for the Fall 2025 term in her
Washington D.C. and Eagan offices.
The D.C. internship will run approximately from August 25th, 2025, through December
17th, 2025, with some room for flexibility. The Eagan internship will run approximately from
September 29, 2025, through January 27, 2025, with some room for flexibility. All interns
are paid a stipend and provided with the necessary technology for their work. Schedules
are flexible to accommodate course schedules and academic programs; however, a
minimum availability of 20-25 hours per week is highly preferred.
Interns in the Washington, D.C. office will focus on researching legislation, attending
hearings and constituent meetings, answering constituents’ phone calls, logging and
drafting constituent correspondence, and assisting legislative and communications staff
members on various projects. Interns in the Eagan office will focus on constituent
casework, answering constituents’ phone calls, community outreach and research, indistrict event planning, and assisting the outreach, casework, and communications staff
members on various projects.
All interns will have the opportunity to work with staff in both offices over the course of the
internship and the program is tailored to fit interns’ policy interests and career goals.
Interns will learn about the legislative process, learn about all the different functions of a
congressional office and gain hands-on professional experience while serving the
constituents of Minnesota’s Second Congressional District.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident and
effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong writing skills.
They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with the general public.
Application Instructions:

- To apply for an internship in either the MN or DC office, please email a combined PDF of
your resume and one-page cover letter to craig.internships@mail.house.gov. Please
format your email subject line as “FirstName.LastName – District Office Internship" OR
"FirstName.LastName – DC Office Internship" to specify which office you are applying for.
- Please include your weekly availability between the hours of 9:00am and 6:00pm in your
cover letter and confirm that you will be available for in-person work.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds to
apply. Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,
disability, age, or protected veteran status.
For Fall 2025 internships in the D.C. office, applications must be submitted no later than
6pm ET on Wednesday, July 23rd.
For Fall internships in the Eagan office, applications must be submitted no later than 10am
ET on Monday, August 25th.
Late submissions will not be considered nor accepted. If you have any questions regarding
the application process, please email craig.internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-223-25
The Office of Congressman Pat Harrigan (NC-10) is currently seeking interns with our DC
office for the Fall 2025 session. The internship would begin August 11th and last until
December 19th (flexible on start and end dates).
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge over the day-to-day
happenings within Congress. Additionally, interns co-currently enrolled in an accredited
university will receive a monthly stipend.
Qualified candidates should:
Be a current undergraduate or graduate student or have recently graduated.
Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
Have strong communications and writing skills.
Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
Interested candidates should address their application materials to
Gabby.Bartley@mail.house.gov. Applications should include a resume and what the
individual’s internship schedule may look like.

MEM-222-25
The Office of Congressman David Scott (GA-13) is seeking motivated college students and
recent graduates for the fall 2025 internship program in his Washington DC and
Stockbridge, GA offices.
Ideal candidates will be organized, detail-oriented, and passionate about public service.
Applicants should have excellent communication and writing skills.
Key responsibilities include:
• Assisting with front office operations
• Answering phones and processing incoming requests
• Drafting letters, memos, and conducting legislative research
• Assisting with tours of the Capitol
Internships are in-person, paid, and run from September through December with flexible
start and end dates.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample in one combined
document to davidscott.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Full Name
- Fall Intern Application.” The application deadline is July 31, 2025. Applications will
be accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-221-25
The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and selfmotivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to apply for its
paid, full-time internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal election policy
and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of Representatives with oversight of
several offices within the Capitol Complex, including the Chief Administrative Officer,
Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms,
U.S. Capitol Police, and other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress,
Government Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand
knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-today administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for
assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight,
research, assisting with phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:

Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties. Administrative tasks
include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail, entering data, and drafting
correspondence. Legislative support includes performing research, drafting public
statements, prepping materials for hearings, attending hearings and briefings, reaching out
to agencies and other congressional offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov

MEM-219-25
Congresswoman Sara Jacobs offers in-person internships in both her San Diego and
Washington, D.C. offices. These internships provide young adults with the opportunity to
learn more about the inner workings of a congressional office and to experience the
legislative process and constituent and community outreach first-hand.
If you would like to be considered for an internship in our DC office, please email your
resume, cover letter, and a 1 page writing sample to
SaraJacobs.DCintern@mail.house.gov
Please no direct emails, phone calls, or walk-ins regarding the status of your application.

MEM-215-25
Fall Internship for House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs- Majority
Background:
House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs has a need to hire an intern in the Washington, D.C.
office in a full-time capacity. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume
and cover letter.
Job Expectations:
Interns provide support with a variety of committee activities, including but not limited to:
administrative and logistical support for hearings, business meetings, and mark-ups;
assisting the committee’s communications team with media relations activities; and
conducting legislative research for policy issues within the committee’s jurisdiction.
Job Duties:
Administrative Support
• Provides administrative and logistical support to ensure Committee hearings,
business meetings, and mark-ups are run in an efficient and effective manner
• Serves as an initial point of contact for visitors (e.g., hearing witnesses, government
officials, and other VIPs) who have business with the Committee and its staff

•

Answers phone calls and routes mail and other messages to appropriate
committee staff for further action
Legislative
• Partners with the committee staff prepare stakeholder inquiries on oversight and
policy issue areas within the committee’s jurisdiction
• Performs research on issues or topics related to public law, regulation, and
legislation
• Attends meetings with stakeholders and assists the legislative staff prepare for
hearings and mark-ups
Featured Skills:
• Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles
• Research and Analysis: Collects, synthesizes, and analyzes information from a
variety of stakeholders and sources in an objective, unbiased manner to inform
strategic decision making.
• Planning and Coordination: Organizes work and sets priorities. Coordinates with
others to accomplish goals; monitors progress and evaluates outcomes.
• Interpersonal Skills: Develops and maintains effective relationships with others
from diverse backgrounds and in different situations. Shows understanding,
courtesy, tact, empathy, and politeness.
• Written Communication: Writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing
manner.
Preferences:
• Pursuing or completing Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education
and experience
• A demonstrated interest in public service
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume by 8/01/2025
to the Chief Clerk, nicholas.west@mail.house.gov. Please follow the subject template:
HVAC_Fall_Firstname_Lastname
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-208-25

Fall District Internship with the Office of Congresswoman Bynum
The Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-05) is seeking part-time interns to join
our district office in Oregon City, Oregon. Preferred start date beginning in August 2025,
with an end date in December 2025. Seeking applicants available to work in-person 12-24
hours per week.
DUTIES:
• Handle incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness.
• Assist Member and key staff with logistical and administrative duties.
• Receive and log input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response.
• Organize press clips and assist the communications team with social media posts and
talking points.
• Attend briefings and hearings, conduct research, and draft correspondence and
memoranda.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• College student in good academic standing.
• Good oral and written communication skills.
• The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and compassion
• Problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and use good judgement.
• Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by July 29.

MEM-207-25
Fall D.C. Internship with the Office of Congresswoman Bynum
The Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-05) is seeking part-time interns to join
our office in Washington DC. Preferred start date in early September 2025, with an end
date in December 2025. Seeking applicants available to work 12-24 hours per week.
DUTIES:
• Handle incoming correspondence with poise, professionalism, and promptness.
• Assist Member and key staff with logistical and administrative duties.
• Update the office’s legislative tracker and perform research on legislative measures.
• Attend briefings and hearings, conduct research, and draft correspondence and
memoranda.
• Partner with communications team to create speeches, social media posts, and talking
points.

QUALIFICATIONS:
• College student in good academic standing.
• Good oral and written communication skills.
• The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and compassion
• Problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and use good judgement.
• Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by July 29, 2025.
NOTICE:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

