Internship Openings
Week of February 09, 2026
MEM-035-26
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking interns for
the upcoming Summer 2026 term.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, drafting and
editing constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the
legislative staff, and otherwise providing support for the day-to-day activities of the office.
Interns are paid via a monthly stipend.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin,
age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples to
WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should indicate their
availability on an hourly, daily, and monthly basis during the Summer term.

MEM-032-26
Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks press and legislative interns for his Washington,
D.C., office for the Summer 2026 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students, graduate students,
and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of a Congressional office and the
legislative process. Interns should have a general understanding of the U.S. political
system, value open communication, be eager to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be an educational
experience. Internships are offered for either academic credit or a stipend. Internship
applicants must be high school graduates. Current students and recent graduates will be
given first priority for the internship program.
Legislative intern responsibilities include:
• Attending committee hearings and congressional briefings,

•
•
•
•
•

Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
Answering phones and processing mail,
Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.

Press intern responsibilities include:
• Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press Secretary in
drafting and editing social media content, digital graphics, and other digital
materials,
• Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
• Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks, as directed.
Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic familiarity with graphic
design and video editing. Submission of a sample graphic or similar communications work
with your application is strongly encouraged.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover letter, resume,
three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf file, with the file name including
internship class, year, last name, and first name (i.e. Summer2026.Doe.Jane.pdf) to
CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by March 15. Please specify whether you are
applying for the press internship or the legislative internship. Applicants with strong ties to
the 49th District are given preference.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-030-26
Internship for House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs- Majority Staff
House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs has a need to hire Spring interns in the Washington,
D.C. office in a full-time capacity. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a
resume and cover letter. Once the application period closes, the office will contact the
best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
Job Expectations:

Interns provide support with a variety of committee activities, including but not
limited to:administrative and logistical support for hearings, business meetings, and markups; assisting the committee’s communications team with media relations activities; and
conducting legislative research for policy issues within the committee’s jurisdiction.
Job Duties:
Administrative Support
• Provides administrative and logistical support to ensure Committee hearings,
business meetings, and mark-ups are run in an efficient and effective manner
• Serves as an initial point of contact for visitors (e.g., hearing witnesses, government
officials, and other VIPs) who have business with the Committee and its staff
• Answers phone calls and routes mail and other messages to appropriate
committee staff for further action
Legislative
• Partners with the committee staff prepare stakeholder inquiries on oversight and
policy issue areas within the committee’s jurisdiction
• Edits Legislative Transcripts
• Performs research on issues or topics related to public law, regulation, and
legislation
• Attends meetings with stakeholders and assists the legislative staff prepare for
hearings and mark-ups
Featured Skills:
• Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles
• Research and Analysis: Collects, synthesizes, and analyzes information from a
variety of stakeholders and sources in an objective, unbiased manner to inform
strategic decision making.
• Planning and Coordination: Coordinates with others to accomplish goals;
monitors progress and evaluates outcomes.
• Interpersonal Skills: Shows understanding, courtesy, tact, empathy, and
politeness.
• Written Communication: Writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing
manner for the intended audience.
Preferences:
• Pursuing or completed Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education
and experience
• Prior stakeholder service or customer relationship management experience is
preferred
• A demonstrated interest in public service
Applicant Instructions:

All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume
by 2/11/2026 to the VAR.resumes@mail.house.gov
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-029-26
The Office of Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur (OH-09) is seeking motivated college
students, recent graduates, and graduate students for the Summer
2026 Internship Program in her Washington, D.C., office.
Intern responsibilities vary daily but typically include assisting with constituent services,
sorting mail, answering phones, conducting legislative research, attending hearings and
briefings, and providing general administrative support to staff.
The ideal candidate will have strong written and oral communication skills, an interest in
public service and the legislative process, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced
environment. Applicants should be organized, dependable, and eager to learn. Ties to Ohio
are strongly preferred but not required.
To Apply:
Interested candidates should submit a single PDF containing the following materials:
• A current résumé
• A one-page cover letter outlining your interest in the position
• A short written response (300–500 words) to the following prompt:
• What does public service mean to you? You may share a personal experience,
describe values you live by, or reflect on a moment that has shaped your interest in
public service.
Please send completed applications in a SINGLE PDF
to angela.maloney@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Spring
2026 Internship Application – [Your Name]
Application Deadline: March 2, 2026, at 12:00 pm EST
This internship offers a unique opportunity to gain firsthand experience in a congressional
office, develop professional skills, and contribute to the work of Congresswoman Kaptur
and her team.
The Office of Congresswoman Kaptur is an equal-opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or

expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.

MEM-028-26
The Office of Congresswoman Sarah McBride (D-DE) seeks a paid and highly-motivated
Communications Intern for Summer 2026 (June-August) based in the Washington, D.C.
office.
The Communications Intern works closely with a collaborative and creative
Communications team to support a robust communications and digital strategy. The
Communications Intern will also support other general office operations as assigned.
Primary educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Creating timely, engaging, and creative social media content highlighting Member’s
legislative work, constituent advocacy wins, and community events;
• Producing high-quality graphics and videos via editing software;
• Drafting press releases, quotes, and other written materials;
• Maintaining internal clips lists;
• Compiling daily news clips;
• Media monitoring and researching; and
• Supporting the communications, legislative, and scheduling teams with other
duties as assigned, including:
o Answering phones;
o Researching legislation for staff; and
o Attend briefings and hearings.
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have keen attention
to detail, deadlines, and social media best practices and trends as well as previous
experience in communications and digital creation. Candidates should highlight any
experience in the following platforms in their application:
• Adobe Creative Suite, including Premiere Pro, Lightroom, and Photoshop
• Canva
• TVEyes
• Snapstream
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (2 pages maximum) and 2-3 graphic or
video samples in a single PDF to press.mcbride@mail.house.gov with the subject

line “Communications Intern Summer 2026 - Last Name.” Applications close March 11,
2026.

MEM-021-26
Congresswoman Michelle Fischbach (MN-07) is seeking motivated, detail-oriented
individuals to serve as full-time or part-time interns in her Moorhead, Minnesota and/or
Willmar, MN district office. This internship offers a valuable opportunity to gain hands-on
experience in public service and constituent relations while learning about the day-to-day
operations of a congressional office.
Responsibilities may include:
• Assisting staff with constituent services and casework
• Answering phones and responding to constituent inquiries
• Greeting visitors and helping manage front office operations
• Conducting research on policy and local issues
• Assisting with correspondence, data entry, and administrative tasks
• Supporting outreach efforts and special projects as assigned
Qualifications:
• Strong written and verbal communication skills
• Professional demeanor and attention to detail
• Ability to work independently and as part of a team
• Interest in public service, government, or public policy
• Proficiency in Microsoft Office preferred
• Minnesota residency or connection to the 7th District is a plus
Internship Details:
• Paid Internship
• Open to current students, recent graduates, or other qualified individuals
• Full-time or part-time availability considered
• Internship is based in the Moorhead or Willmar district office
• Duration and start date are flexible
How to Apply:
Interested applicants should submit a resume and brief cover letter outlining their interest
and availability to Ava.Schroeder@mail.house.gov
Congresswoman Fischbach’s office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages all
interested applicants to apply.

MEM-017-26
Summer 2026 Committee on House Administration Internship

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and selfmotivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to apply for its
paid, full-time internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal election policy
and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of Representatives with oversight of
several offices within the Capitol Complex, including the Chief Administrative Officer,
Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms,
U.S. Capitol Police, and other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress,
Government Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution. Working closely with
Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the
inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day
administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for
assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight,
research, assisting with phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties. Administrative tasks
include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail, entering data, and drafting
correspondence. Legislative support includes performing research, drafting public
statements, prepping materials for hearings, attending hearings and briefings, reaching out
to agencies and other congressional offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov

MEM-012-26
DIGITAL INTERNSHIP
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable digital media intern this spring. Interns will be responsible for
content creation, graphic design, video editing, and other administrative tasks as assigned.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe Premiere Pro,
Adobe Photoshop, and Canva. Proficiencies in additional programs are a plus.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment is a must. Candidates will be
expected to work in-person in Washington, DC, with opportunities for remote work during
Congressional recesses. Full-time and part-time Candidates with diverse backgrounds
and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume, digital
portfolio, and your availability this spring to oversightpress@mail.house.gov

MEM-007-26

Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated Legislative Interns in her D.C.
office for Summer 2026.
Interns in our D.C. office will have the opportunity to witness the legislative process and
the inner workings of Capitol Hill first-hand. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
answering constituent phone calls, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the United States Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the
needs of the Congresswoman's staff. The internship will run from May through August,
from 9:00am—6:00pm when Congress is in session and from 9:00am—5:00pm when
Congress is not in session. This is a full-time internship.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills, prioritizes
professionalism, is a dedicated team player, and has a friendly persona. Ties to Nevada's
First District are a plus but not required. The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
How to Apply:
Interested applicants should use the link below to fill out the form and include a cover
letter, resume, and short (1-2 page) writing sample. Applications will be accepted
until Monday, March 2, 2026, on a rolling basis.
Application Form

