Internship Openings
Week of August 03, 2026
Internship - MEM-252-26
Internship for House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs- Majority Staff
House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs has a need to hire Fall interns in the Washington,
D.C. office in a full-time capacity. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a
resume and cover letter. Once the application period closes, the office will contact the
best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
Job Expectations:
Interns provide support with a variety of committee activities, including but not limited to:
administrative and logistical support for hearings, business meetings, and mark-ups;
assisting the committee’s communications team with media relations activities; and
conducting legislative research for policy issues within the committee’s jurisdiction.
Job Duties:
Administrative Support
• Provides administrative and logistical support to ensure Committee hearings,
business meetings, and mark-ups are run in an efficient and effective manner
• Serves as an initial point of contact for visitors (e.g., hearing witnesses, government
officials, and other VIPs) who have business with the Committee and its staff
• Answers phone calls and routes mail and other messages to appropriate
committee staff for further action
Legislative
• Partners with the committee staff prepare stakeholder inquiries on oversight and
policy issue areas within the committee’s jurisdiction
• Edits Legislative Transcripts
• Performs research on issues or topics related to public law, regulation, and
legislation
• Attends meetings with stakeholders and assists the legislative staff prepare for
hearings and mark-ups
Featured Skills:
• Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles

•

Research and Analysis: Collects, synthesizes, and analyzes information from a
variety of stakeholders and sources in an objective, unbiased manner to inform
strategic decision making.
• Planning and Coordination: Coordinates with others to accomplish goals;
monitors progress and evaluates outcomes.
• Interpersonal Skills: Shows understanding, courtesy, tact, empathy, and
politeness.
• Written Communication: Writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing
manner for the intended audience.
Preferences:
• Pursuing or completed Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education
and experience
• Prior stakeholder service or customer relationship management experience is
preferred
• A demonstrated interest in public service
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume by
08/12/2026 to the VAR.resumes@mail.house.gov
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

Internship - MEM-251-26
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Fall 2026 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island office, to start at the beginning of September and go until end of
December.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
• Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the Member
office to constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;
• Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
• Assists Member and key staff (e.g. Staff Assistant, Press Assistant, Constituent
Services Team) with logistical and administrative duties;
• Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response;
• Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
• Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at local events;
• Accompanies district staff to public forums, meetings, and events as a
representative to the Member.

Applicants should apply on our
website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships

Press Internship - MEM-250-26
PRESS INTERNSHIP
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Democratic Staff is hiring for a paid fulltime Press Intern (Fall 2026) to work in the Committee's Washington, D.C. office. The
Press Intern works closely with the communications team.
Primary educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily news clips.
• Assisting with graphic design.
• Drafting press releases and other written materials.
• Copy editing written materials.
• Maintaining press lists.
• Clipping committee remarks and cable hits.
• Media monitoring and researching.
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have keen attention
to detail, deadlines, and have previous intern experience in communications.
Interested applicants should send a one-page resume, one sample press release, one
sample graphic, and three relevant sample tweets
to ethan.cesar@mail.house.gov and OversightPress@mail.house.gov with
“PRESS INTERN APP: Full Name, Fall 2026” in the subject line.
All qualified applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are encouraged to
apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

Video Internship - MEM-249-26
VIDEO INTERNSHIP
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable Video Production Intern this fall. Interns will be responsible for
helping with clipping streams of sessions, editing and captioning videos, helping with

shoots, scripting content and other and administrative tasks as assigned. Successful
candidates will possess extreme familiarity with Adobe Premiere Pro. Additional
experiences with Adobe After Effects and Photoshop are a plus.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment is a must. Candidates will be
expected to work in-person in Washington, DC, with opportunities for remote work during
Congressional recesses. Full-time candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences
are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, portfolio, and your availability this fall to
ethan.cesar@mail.house.gov and OversightPress@mail.house.gov.

Press and Digital Internship - MEM-245-26
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of California,
seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2026 term. The Press and Digital
Intern will help communicate the Congresswoman’s work through social media, graphics,
photography, video, and other digital content. This position is well suited for a creative
candidate who is interested in public service and eager to build communications
experience in a congressional office.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist
with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video
editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. Press Intern responsibilities will vary but may
include answering phones and data entry. Washington DC interns may be asked to assist
in researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending briefings,
hearings, and markups, and responding to constituent correspondence.
Preferred qualifications may include:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Strong writing, editing, and social media instincts
Familiarity with Canva, photography, video editing, or graphic design
An interest in digital marketing, audience engagement, or social media analytics
Strong media literacy, attention to detail, and sound judgment
An ability to listen closely, follow instructions, learn through observation and a
willingness to try new approaches
Preferred qualifications may include:
Strong writing, editing, and social media instincts
Familiarity with Canva, photography, video editing, or graphic design
An interest in digital marketing, audience engagement, or social media analytics
Strong media literacy, attention to detail, and sound judgment

An ability to listen closely, follow instructions, learn through observation and a willingness
to try new approaches
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official
website and complete the application form:
https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application, a cover
letter, resume, and 2 writing samples (1 writing sample & 1 graphic example preferred,
but not required).
Ties to California’s 7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are
considered on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race,
religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family
status, or military status.

Fall Internship - MEM-244-26
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of California,
seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Sacramento) offices for the Fall 2026
term. Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process firsthand and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data entry.
Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation for the Member
and legislative staff, attending briefings, hearings, and markups; and answering
constituent letters on various issues. Interns based in California may also be asked to
assist on a variety of constituent casework or in-district projects, as needed.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official
website and complete the application form:
https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application, a cover
letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to California’s 7th District are
preferred, but not required.
All applications are considered on a rolling basis. All applications are considered on a
rolling basis. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based
on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status.

Fall Legislative Internship - MEM-241-26
The DC office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently accepting
applicants for a paid Fall Legislative Internship with a start date of
Monday, August 24, 2026, until December 2026, with the potential to extend.

Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff by preparing briefing notes and memos,
researching legislation, tracking legislative activity, providing mail program support,
answering phones, inputting casework inquiries, attending hearings, and advancing the
Congresswoman’s legislative agenda.
Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can excel in a fastpaced environment. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication
skills, an eye for and ability to create engaging digital content, and a good sense of humor.
Ties to Washington State are preferred but not required. Applicants are encouraged to
include any previous customer service experience (retail, food service, hospitality, etc.) on
their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a one-page writing
sample in a single PDF document to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Fall
Legislative Internship-[LAST NAME]” in the subject line. Please indicate in the cover
letter which internship you are applying for and your dates of availability.
The deadline for applications is Thursday, August 6, 2026, at 5 PM ET, but applicants
are encouraged to submit their applications early. Applications that are incomplete or
submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin, sexual
orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, military service, or other
non-merit factors. Individuals from underrepresented communities are encouraged to
apply. Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.

Fall 2026 Internship-MEM-235-26
Congresswoman Analilia Mejia (NJ-11) is seeking applicants for the Fall 2026 internship
program in her Washington, D.C. Office. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Responsibilities:
The Office of Congresswoman Mejia runs an internship program intended for current
undergraduate students, recent college graduates, and students currently enrolled in
graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman DeLauro's office combine administrative
and legislative work. Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent
services, correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
The Washington DC internship program also offers an opportunity for a communications
internship. This position will assist the communications team with social media, press
conferences, and more. To apply for this position, please check the press internship
interest box in the program application.

Press Intern tasks include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•

Drafting for social media
Compiling daily press clips
Clipping and editing videos
Office administrative tasks
Other tasks as assigned by the Communications team

Qualifications:
Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, possess excellent
writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
How to Apply:
Please go to mejia.house.gov/internships to submit the requested information,
including your cover letter and resume.
No walk-ins or phone calls.

Internship -MEM-232-26
The office of Congressman Jack Bergman (MI-01) is accepting applications for Fall 2026
paid internships in our Washington, D.C. Office.
Ideal candidates are motivated, detail-oriented, and possess a strong work ethic, with the
ability to communicate effectively with constituents and staff. This internship offers a
valuable opportunity to gain hands-on experience in public service and constituent
relations while learning about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office.
Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Answering phones and responding to constituent inquiries
Greeting visitors and assisting with front office operations
Leading guided tours of the U.S. Capitol
Attending briefings and hearings for staff
Conducting legislative research and writing memos on policy and local issues for
the Member and staff
Assisting with additional administrative and legislative tasks as needed

Qualifications:
•
•
•
•

Strong written and verbal communication skills
Willingness to learn and take initiative
Professional demeanor and excellent attention to detail
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively as part of a team

•
•

Demonstrated interest in public service, government, or public policy
Michigan ties are preferred but not required

How to Apply: Interested applicants should submit a resume and brief paragraph
outlining their interest and availability to Joaquin.Macias@mail.house.gov. Our office
will be accepting applications on a rolling basis until August 3rd at 11:59pm EST.

Communications Internship - MEM-231-26
The DC office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently accepting
applicants for a paid Fall Communications Internship with a start date
of Monday, August 24, 2026, until December 2026, with the potential to extend.
Communications Interns assist the communications staff by compiling media clips,
drafting social media posts, press releases, and blog posts, and creating digital content.
This is in addition to answering phones, inputting casework inquiries, and aiding in office
needs. Experience working in communications is a plus.
Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can excel in a fastpaced environment. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication
skills, an eye for and ability to create engaging digital content, and a good sense of humor.
Ties to Washington State are preferred, but not required. Applicants are encouraged to
include any previous customer service experience (retail, food service, hospitality,
etc.) on their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample,
and a sample social media post with relevant written and visual components in a
single PDF document to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Fall Communications
Internship-[LAST NAME]” in the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which
internship you are applying for and your dates of availability.
While the deadline for applications is Wednesday, August 5th at 5PM EST, applications
will be accepted and reviewed on a rolling basis. Applicants are encouraged to submit their
application early. Applications that are incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not
be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin, sexual
orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, military service, or other
non-merit factors. Individuals from underrepresented communities are encouraged to
apply. Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.

Interns -MEM-228-26

A senior Republican Representative serving on the House Financial Services Committee is
seeking interns for the Fall of 2026 in their Washington D.C office. Interns will gain a strong
understanding of the functions of a congressional office and firsthand experience with the
legislative process. Internship start and end dates are flexible and part-time internships
are available for students. Full-time hours are Monday-Friday 9:00-5:00. This is a paid
opportunity with a monthly stipend and reimbursement for Metro commute.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, assisting with
constituent correspondence, conducting legislative research, leading Capitol tours,
attending hearings and briefings and drafting memos. Applicants should be detail oriented,
able to work well in a fast-paced environment, have strong oral and written communication
skills and an interest in public policy. Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to: Kieran.Patch@mail.house.gov.

