Member and Committee Openings
Week of February 09, 2026
MEM-037-26
The Office of Congressman Mike Quigley (IL-05) seeks a Legislative Assistant to manage a
broad portfolio of issues, including transportation, trade, small business, tax, financial
services, permitting, and telecommunications policy. This position will have primary
responsibility for transportation policy related to Congressman Quigley’s role as a senior
member of the Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development Appropriations
Subcommittee.
This is a full-time, in-person position in the Washington, DC office.
A strong candidate will have Chicago ties, including experience in Chicago related to
transportation and/or economic policy. The ideal candidate will be able to maintain strong
relationships with stakeholders, manage both short- and long-term projects, bring bold
policy ideas, think creatively to achieve policy objectives, and be excited to work for an
active Member and team.
Any member of Congressman Quigley’s team should possess the following
characteristics:
• Willingness to work ﬂexible hours; this is not always a 9-to-5 position.
• Growth mindset, openness to feedback, and desire to grow with the team.
• Hustle, grit, and perseverance.
• Ability to think critically and make sound decisions.
• Creativity and solution-oriented approach to delivering results.
• Excellent oral and written communication skills and strong organizational abilities.
• Proven relationship-management and project-management experience.
• Great sense of humor, ability to laugh at dad jokes.
This is not an entry-level position. Salary range is $70k - $80k, commensurate with
experience.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,

disability, military status, gender identity and expression, marital status, or sexual
orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
The deadline for applications is Monday, February 23, at 5pm. To apply, qualified
candidates should submit a cover letter (.pdf), resume (.pdf), and writing sample (.pdf) to
Charlie Chamness (charles.chamness@mail.house.gov), Cc Liza Lynch
(liza.lynch@mail.house.gov) with “Legislative Assistant — (Name)” in the subject line. No
phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-036-26
Congressman David Scott (GA-13), senior member of the House Financial Services
Committee and House Agriculture Committee, seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent to join his Washington, D.C. office.
Core responsibilities include:
• Handling incoming calls and capturing constituent requests
• Executing the Member’s constituent correspondence program by drafting/editing letters
and ensuring all constituents receive responses in a timely manner
• Consults with the Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants to ensure the Member's
library of legislative letters are accurate, up to date, and reflective of the Member's policy
position
• Working closely with the Member’s Director of Operations to ensure timely arrival of all
appointments, including by driving the Member
• Managing the front office, including by signing for deliveries, performing administrative
duties, greeting constituents and visitors to provide a welcoming environment, and more
• Assists with constituent flag requests, tours of the Capitol, and arranging visits to other
national landmarks to assist with constituent relations
• Overseeing and managing the intern program, including their schedule and training
• Providing relevant information to constituents to fulfill their requests
• Purchasing supplies for the office from the House Office Supply store to maintain office
equipment
• Other tasks as assigned
Qualifications:
• Applicants must own a car as they will drive the Member
• Bachelor’s degree or equivalent education and experience preferred
• Prior constituent services and management experience preferred
• Ties to GA-13 or Georgia preferred, but not required
Interested candidates should e-mail a cover letter, resumé, and one writing sample to
Georgia13Resumes@gmail.com with the subject line, “Last Name, First Name, SA/LC”.
The deadline for applying is Wednesday, February 18th, COB.

Salary range is commensurate with experience and includes health insurance, student
loan repayment, and other benefits.
The Office of Congressman David Scott is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not
discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy
and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status,
disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation,
parental status, or military service. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
The deadline to apply is 6:00pm ET on Friday, April 17th, 2026.

MEM-034-26
Congressman David Scott (GA-13), senior member of the House Financial Services
Committee and House Agriculture Committee, seeks a Legislative Assistant to join his
Washington, D.C. office to handle a portfolio focused on issues such as education,
transportation & infrastructure, telecommunications, Homeland Security, immigration,
FEMA, and other issues as assigned.
Core responsibilities include:
• Researching and advancing legislative and policy priorities
• Drafting vote recommendations, memo, and talking points
• Monitoring legislation and Floor activity
• Staffing the Congressman for stakeholder meetings
• Representing the Congressman in meetings with constituents, advocates, and
stakeholder groups
The Legislative Assistant will work closely with the Legislative Director and policy team to
ensure alignment with the Congressman’s priorities and district needs. Georgia ties are
preferred. Ideal candidates will have excellent writing and organizational skills.
Interested candidates should e-mail a cover letter, resumé, and one writing sample to
Georgia13Resumes@gmail.com with the subject line, “Last Name, First Name, Legislative
Assistant”. The deadline for applying is Thursday, February 12th, COB.
Salary range is commensurate with experience and includes health insurance, student
loan repayment, and other benefits.
The Office of Congressman David Scott is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not
discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy
and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status,

disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation,
parental status, or military service. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.

MEM-033-26
The Office of Congresswoman Lois Frankel (FL-22), Ranking Member of the House
Appropriations National Security and Department of State Subcommittee (formerly
SFOPS), is seeking a smart, hard-working, reliable, and detail-oriented Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent. This is a full-time, in-person position based in
Washington, D.C.
The ideal candidate is a team-player with a friendly disposition and a positive attitude, will
anticipate problems and offer solutions, can work collaboratively with a fast-paced team,
and will take initiative to support the D.C. and Florida staff in any way they can. Applicants
should have excellent organizational and written and oral communication skills and
attention to detail. South Florida ties and experience working with IQ preferred. Spanish
proficiency and/or access to a vehicle are bonuses, but not required.
Responsibilities include:
• Maintaining the front office;
• Answering the phones and greeting visitors;
• Managing tour and flag requests;
• Recruiting; hiring, training, and managing interns;
• Managing the constituent response program by drafting letters, sorting mail, and
sending responses;
• Assisting the communications and legislative teams;
• Other duties as assigned.
The salary range for this position is $50,000 - $60,000 annually, commensurate with
experience, and includes health, vision, and dental insurance, paid vacation days and sick
time, student loan repayment, and transit benefits. Interested candidates should submit a
resume, cover letter, and writing sample at tinyurl.com/FL22SALC.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis, no later than 5:00 PM on Tuesday,
February 10th.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-031-26
'The Office of Congressman Ted W. Lieu (CA-36) seeks a creative and experienced Digital
Manager/Press Secretary based in the Washington DC office. This role will support
Congressman Lieu’s efforts as the Representative for California’s 36th Congressional
District and Vice Chair of the House Democratic Caucus. This is not an entry-level
position.
The ideal candidate has worked in communications for two or more years. Experience in
graphic design, photography/videography, and social media management is desired. Some
of the daily tasks that the Digital Manager/Press Secretary will be responsible for are
overseeing the office’s social media, creating digital content, photographing events, and
drafting and sending press releases.
The Office is looking for a candidate who possesses sound judgement, curiosity about new
and emerging media trends, a good sense of humor, and a keen attention to detail. The
Office is fast-paced and collaborative, and someone who can be proactive while balancing
multiple projects will thrive. This position requires some non-traditional work hours and
reports to the Deputy Chief of Staff.
Salary range is $60,000-$70,000 commensurate with experience. Competitive federal
benefits package.
Candidates should submit the following to lieu.staff@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Digital Manager/Press Secretary”:
• Cover letter
• Resume
• Three references (name, title, phone number, email and relationship)
• One professional writing sample
• Graphics, videos, or photos you’ve produced in a professional capacity
• Social media copy you’ve drafted in a professional capacity
No calls or drop-ins please. The Office of Congressman Lieu is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate against candidates on the basis of race, ethnicity,
religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, or veteran
status.

MEM-001-26
PRESS SECRETARY
Moderate House Democrat seeks a Press Secretary for their Washington, D.C. office. This
is a writing-intensive position responsible for drafting remarks, speeches, talking points,
and press releases, as well as pitching and responding to media inquiries.
The Press Secretary will help execute the communications functions of the office,
including:
• Drafting and editing a high volume of written materials, including remarks,
speeches, press releases, statements, and talking points for the Member;
• Assisting with interview preparation and rapid-response messaging;
• Pitching stories and responding to media inquiries from national, state, and local
press;
• Maintaining and strengthening relationships with reporters and media outlets;
• Monitoring press coverage and compiling daily news clips;
• Managing and updating the office’s social media platforms and website content;
• Coordinating closely with the Communications Director, legislative staff, and
district office to ensure consistent messaging.
Ideal candidates will have:
• Exceptional writing and editing skills with strong attention to detail;
• 2–3 years of relevant experience in a congressional office, on a political campaign,
or in another fast-paced communications environment;
• Sound judgment and the ability to work under tight deadlines;
• Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage competing priorities;
• Capacity to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, courteous, and
professional manner;
• Willingness to accept direction and guidance on performance and process
improvements from the Communications Director, Chief of Staff, and Member;
• The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions;
• The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment;
• And the ability to work flexible hours including nights and weekends.
This position reports to the Communications Director and the Chief of Staff.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military
status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable

accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to
request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with “Press
Secretary” as the subject line to jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-027-26
Title: Press Secretary
Position Type: Full-time
Location: Garden City, NY
Salary: $65,000 - $75,000 annually
Summary: The Office of Congresswoman Laura Gillen (NY-04) is seeking a Press Secretary
to be based in the district on Long Island. The ideal candidate has excellent writing, editing,
and photography skills as well as experience building press relationships. They will assist
the Communications Director in drafting releases, talking points, event remarks, and
quotes, staffing the Member at district-based press events, and help craft digital content.
Strong proofreading and copyediting skills are a must.
The role requires the ability to operate efficiently under tight deadlines, occasionally work
outside of traditional business hours, juggle multiple priorities, and work closely with
colleagues across the D.C. and district offices. The Press Secretary will assist in
maintaining relationships with in- state press and will report to the Communications
Director.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of experience
working with various digital platforms, working with reporters, writing, and managing social
media accounts for a political candidate or elected official. Candidates should be detailoriented and highly motivated to serve in a fast-paced environment. Ties to the district and
Spanish fluency are a plus.
Key responsibilities include:
• Collaborate closely with the Congresswoman, Communications Director, and stap
to craft cohesive and engaging messaging in local press and across digital
platforms;
• Draft and edit press releases, media advisories, statements, remarks, and daily
press clips;
• Support the Communications Director in responding to local and national media
inquiries;
• Help identify and cultivate relationships with local reporters and content creators in
the district;

•
•
•
•
•

Staff and manage reporter interactions with the Member at district-based press
events;
Manage recording and photography at district-based press events;
Work with the District Office and DC-based Press Assistant to craft content and
publicize constituent services;
Edit and maintain the Member’s website to include relevant updates, press
releases, news, photos, and more;
Lead the creation of the weekly newsletter to highlight the Congresswoman’s
official work.

The salary range for this position is $65,000-$75,000, depending on experience, with full
benefits including up to $833/month in student loan repayments; health, dental, and vision
insurance; and both defined-benefit and defined-contribution retirement plans.
TO APPLY: Please email a brief cover letter, resume, and two writing samples in a single
PDF to NY04Press@mail.house.gov with “Press Secretary – [Your Name]” in the subject
line. Applicants may also provide one example of their digital design work and/or
photography (this is optional). Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-026-26
The office of Congresswoman Laura Gillen is looking for a dedicated and organized
individual to join her team as a Caseworker/Community Liaison. This position requires
bilingual proficiency in Spanish. The ideal candidate will act as a key point of contact for
constituents, serving as a liaison between the office and intergovernmental agencies.
Responsibilities include addressing constituent concerns, responding to casework
correspondence, and facilitating timely resolutions to issues. Additionally, the
Caseworker/Community Liaison will lead community engagement efforts and may
represent the office at various community events. This position will be based in the District
Office.
Title: Caseworker/Community Liaison *Bilingual Spanish *
Position Type: Full-time
Location: Garden City, NY
Salary: $55,000/ year
JOB DUTIES:
• Serves as the primary point of contact for constituents seeking assistance with
federal issues by navigating intergovernmental pathways.
• Respond to casework correspondence (letters, emails) and manage constituent
calls and inquiries.

Work closely with government entities to facilitate the resolution of constituent and
community issues.
• Manage and maintain accurate and detailed casework records to ensure efficient
follow-up and reporting.
• Act as a representative of the office at community events. The Community Liaison is
responsible for serving as the primary contact for organizations in the community.
•

QUALIFICATIONS:
• Ability to communicate clearly and interact professionally and empathetically with
constituents and agencies.
• High attention to detail with the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
• Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced office environment.
• Experience in public service, customer service, or constituent relations is a plus.
TO APPLY: Please email your resume to Sarah McCarthy, District Director at
sarah.mccarthy@mail.house.gov
The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-025-26
Congressman Glenn Grothman has an immediate need to hire a Scheduler for the
Washington, D.C. office in a full-time capacity. The Scheduler will be expected to work
closely with the Chief of Staff and District Director to coordinate the Member’s official
schedule and arrange travel plans. The Scheduler will act as the Member’s liaison with
other Congressional offices, constituents, and other VIPs including executives from the
public, private, and non-profit sectors.
Responsibilities:
• Collaborates with the Member, Chief of Staff, and District Director to determine and
finalize the Member’s daily schedule and briefing materials
• Acts as a liaison between the Member and other Members, committee staff, White
House, government offices, and government agencies to arrange the Member's
attendance at meetings
• Coordinates with event participants and the appropriate legislative and/or District
staff to ensure that the Member is provided with briefing materials for each event
• Partners with the communications team and District office staff to facilitate the
scheduling of radio and television press interviews
• Coordinates photo opportunities with constituents to maintain outstanding
constituent relations
• Plans and books the Member's air travel, ground transportation, and lodging to
coordinate official travel arrangements

•
•
•
•
•
•

Reviews the Member's mail and invitations to ensure all are responded to, either by
written correspondence or a personal telephone call
Maintains files to monitor which of the Member's invitations have been declined,
accepted, or are tentative/pending
Prioritizes tasks based on the situational context to ensure work is completed in an
efficient and effective manner
Prepares, coordinates, and distributes daily meeting schedules in Washington, DC
and the District
Work with district office to schedule district tours and events
Works well under pressure and tight timelines

Qualifications:
•
•
•

•
•

Attention to Detail: Performs work thoroughly and accurately; acts conscientiously
when attending to detail.
Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles; easily considers
new approaches.
Decision Making: Makes sound, well-informed, and objective decisions; perceives
the impact and implications of decisions. Commits to action to accomplish
organizational goals. Maintains appropriate levels of confidentiality.
Interpersonal Skills: Develops and maintains effective and positive relationships
with staff, stakeholders, and constituents.
Planning and Coordination: Organizes work and sets priorities. Coordinates with
others to accomplish goals; monitors progress and evaluates outcomes.

To Apply:
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter
to MidwestResumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-024-26
Congresswoman Jennifer L. McClellan seeks a proactive, highly organized, and strategic
leader to serve as District Director in her Richmond, VA office. This position oversees dayto-day operations of the Congresswoman’s Richmond office and satellite office in
Brunswick.
The District Director serves as the Member’s senior staffer and primary community
representative within the district. The District Director represents the Member at events
and meetings throughout the community, serving as the Office’s liaison with important
stakeholders. The District Director also manages and oversees all district office(s)
operations, workflow, assignment of responsibilities, and performance of the team. Other
responsibilities include:

•

•

•
•
•
•

Coordinating closely with the Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, Communications
Director, and Director of Operations to plan in-district events and ensure alignment
between the DC and District offices
Planning district-based events and stakeholder engagements, in collaboration with
senior staff in the DC office, and maximizing the Office’s presence and visibility
within the district
Overseeing strategic outreach to key stakeholders and communities within the
district
Attending local events and representing the Congresswoman when she is in
Washington, D.C.
Coordinating with the Constituent Services Director to maintain a successful,
impactful constituent services program
Traveling throughout the district to stay abreast of local developments and priorities
and facilitating information sharing between the Member’s district and DC offices

Successful candidates will have strategic decision-making skills; a strong understanding
of Virginia’s Fourth Congressional District; previous management experience, including
organizational, leadership, and motivational skills to manage staff across the district;
strong relationships with local elected officials in VA-04 and Virginia broadly; and excellent
oral and written communication skills. This position reports directly to the Chief of Staff.
This is not an entry-level position. The salary range is $100,000 - $110,000
commensurate with experience. This full-time position includes federal benefits such as
health insurance, retirement plans, generous PTO, paid FMLA, student loan repayment
assistance, and flexible work-from-home options.
Interested applicants should submit one PDF that contains a cover letter, résumé,
and a list of at least three references to VA04.Jobs@mail.house.gov, with the subject
line “FULL NAME District Director Application.” Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis. If you are selected for an interview, a staff member will contact you. No
phone calls or drop-bys, please.
Congresswoman McClellan’s office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation,
national origin, age, disability, or veteran status. We strongly encourage applicants from
diverse backgrounds — including women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, and
members of other underrepresented communities — to apply.

MEM-020-26
The Office of Rep. Gluesenkamp Perez (WA-03), the Administrative Co-Chair of the Blue
Dogs Coalition, is seeking a Communications Director to join her official staff. This
position serves as a member of the senior staff team, working closely with the Member,

Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, Operations Director and District Director to develop and
execute an external communications plan that effectively communicates the unique
district and messaging of Rep. Gluesenkamp Perez. This role oversees all press relations,
an active social media operation, speeches, Franked communications, newsletters and all
other communications needs of the office. This position is expected to work nontraditional hours and to regularly travel between DC and southwest Washington. Position
can be based in the District or DC office.
Essential duties:
• Implementing the Congresswoman’s communications strategy, including earned
media coverage, overseeing a strategic mass communications plan and executing
an effective social media plan.
• Serving as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Congresswoman.
• Drafting speeches, press releases, media advisories, talking points, op-eds,
newsletters and statements for the Member based on her existing and evolving
positions.
• Creating and editing digital communications content, including social media copy,
photography, videos, graphic design, and updates to the website.
• Fielding all incoming press inquiries, including interview requests for TV, print,
radio, and other media and proactively pitching the Congresswoman’s work to
press.
• Briefing and staffing the Congresswoman for interviews, press conferences, and
other public events.
• Organizing media events.
• Managing the Franked mass communication strategy, which includes franked radio,
direct mail and digital, and all reporting requirements.
Preferred qualifications:
• Outstanding written, oral, and strategic communications skills.
• Keen critical thinking skills, with the ability to look beyond daily tasks to engage
thoughtfully, identify patterns, and develop reasoned conclusions.
• Time management skills, ability to work under pressure, and comfortable balancing
multiple responsibilities at once.
• Commitment to understanding the Member’s unique voice and messaging.
• Sharp attention to detail.
• Strong visual intelligence and photography skills.
• Familiarity with southwest Washington a strong plus.
• While this is not an entry level position, a college degree is not required. Nontraditional candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital
or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national
origin.

Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to WA03jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line: “Full Name – Communications
Director." Please share where you learned of this opportunity in the body of the email.
Resumes will be reviewed on a rolling basis until the position is filled. Please no phone
calls or drop ins.

MEM-019-26
The Office of Congresswoman Gluesenkamp Perez (WA-03) is seeking a Field
Representative to be the primary person handling outreach and issues in the trades
community in Southwest Washington. This position serves as a member of the
Congresswoman District Office with the option to be based in the Congresswoman’s
Vancouver or Kelso office. This role will work closely with the Congresswoman and her
team to meet with local stakeholders, businesses, and organizations—with an emphasis
on focusing on trades and technical stakeholders.
Background:
Congresswoman Gluesenkamp Perez co-owns an auto repair and machine shop with her
husband and has made the trades and technical pathways a focus during her time in
Congress. In D.C., she has advocated for honors-level shop class, funding for local CTE
programs, and ensuring young people can use 529 plans to pay for tools instead of 4-year
college. Back home, she’s visited CTE programs in all seven counties in her district and has
advocated for state-level changes to allow 6th graders in CTE programs. The Field
Representative will help the Congresswoman engage with constituents in the trades to
help inform this important work.
Essential duties:
• Acts as a liaison between the Congresswoman, District Director, and other senior
staff and stakeholders.
• Informs the Congresswoman and team of updates to his or her assigned issue area
by screening district media and interacting with constituents.
• Builds durable relationships with stakeholders and provides updates to them on the
Congresswoman’s work.
• Briefs and staffs the Congresswoman at events in the district.
• Travels throughout the district to meet with constituents and stakeholder groups on
issues related to the Congresswoman’s priorities.
• Acts as a representative of the office at events, including updating groups on the
Congresswoman’s work and speaking on her behalf.
• Collaborates with the District Director and DC legislative staff to ensure district
priorities inform the Congresswoman’s legislative agenda.
Preferred qualifications:
• A college degree is not required. Non-traditional candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.

•
•
•
•

Ties to Southwest Washington strongly encouraged.
Individuals with a background as a tradesperson, craftsman, or skilled worker are
highly encouraged to apply.
Strong interpersonal and relationship-building skills, with a commitment to public
service and constituent engagement.
Ability to manage multiple priorities, work independently, and collaborate with a
team.

This full time position is expected to work non-traditional hours and to regularly travel
throughout Southwest Washington. Salary for this position is $50,000-60,000,
commensurate with experience. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender
identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and a paragraph each about
two recent projects they’ve worked on to WA03jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line:
“Full Name – Field Representative." Photos of recent projects are encouraged. Please
share where you learned of this opportunity in the body of the email. Resumes will be
reviewed on a rolling basis until the position is filled. Please no phone calls or drop ins.

MEM-018-26
Congresswoman Summer L. Lee (D-Pittsburgh) has an immediate need to hire an
experienced Legislative Director in the Washington D.C. office at a full-time capacity.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter by 2/15. The
office will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview process on a rolling
basis.
Job Expectations:
The Legislative Director plays an essential leadership role in the office by working closely
with the Chief of Staff in assisting with the formulation of the Member’s policy and
legislative strategy. The Legislative Director will maintain status reports on all legislation
affecting the district and legislation in which the Member is a principal sponsor or
cosponsor. The Legislative Director may also manage and oversee the performance of the
legislative team (e.g., legislative assistant, legislative correspondent). Congresswoman
Lee currently sits on the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability and the House
Committee on Education and the Workforce.
Salary Level/Range:
$100,000 - $120,000, Commensurate with Experience
Job Duties:
• Advises the Member on all legislative policy areas

•
•

•
•
•

Assists in the development of policy positions and legislative initiatives
Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation in which the member is a principal sponsor, or legislation which the
Member is a cosponsor
Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff
Manages and supervises the Member’s legislative staff
Coordinates responses to all legislative mail

Requirements:
• Experience researching public policy and preparing legislative recommendations
for a Member of Congress required
• Deep understanding of House floor and committee procedures
• Strong written and verbal communication skills
• Politically savvy and able to navigate challenging situations
• Experience collaborating and forming partnerships to advance legislative agendas
• Comfortable making swift decisions and advising a Member of Congress on
important issues
• Able to manage a team of staff members and accomplish desired outcomes
• Strong time management and organization skills
Preferences:
• Bachelor’s degree or higher in government, political science, public policy, or
related field
• A demonstrated interest in public service
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume
by 2/15 to Wasi.Mohamed@mail.house.gov .Please add PA-12 Legislative Director to the
subject line.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-016-26
The Office of U.S. Representative Shomari C. Figures (AL-2) seeks a highly organized,
creative, and team-oriented Press Secretary & Digital Manager to execute a fast-paced
and dynamic communications plan. The Press Secretary & Digital Manager will play a
critical part in shaping, branding, and maintaining the public image of the Congressman,
requiring a combination of strategic thinking, strong digital skills, and the ability to be
creative and thrive under pressure. This position reports to the Deputy Chief of

Staff/Communications Director and is based in the Washington, DC office. This is not an
entry-level position.
Responsibilities include:
• Drafting written materials, including press releases, remarks, speeches, enewsletters, talking points, and social media content
• Pitching and coordinating press interviews, managing press inquiries, and building
and maintaining District and national press relationships
• Collaborating with the Legislative and District Office teams
to proactively identify and execute message events and opportunities
that elevate Congressman’s work to residents of the 2nd District
• Staffing and supporting logistics for the Congressman's interviews, press
conferences, and other public-facing events, both virtual and in-person
• Planning, managing, and creating content for Congressman’s social media
platforms, the website, and e-newsletter
• Capturing and maintaining a database of video and photos of the Congressman
• Staying informed about relevant current events in the 2nd District and across the
country and advising on messaging strategy across key priority issue areas
including, but not limited to agriculture, transportation, infrastructure, civil rights,
and education
• Compiling daily press clips and managing a robust media monitoring and reporting
process
• Maintaining local, national, and specialty media press lists
Skills and experience required:
• Previous experience on Capitol Hill and of 3-5 years of relevant experience
in communications
• Exceptional writing, editing, and organizational skills; knowledge of AP style and
communications best practices
• Understanding of the digital media landscape and graphic design, photography, and
video editing skills
• Deep familiarity with social media platforms (i.e., Facebook, Instagram, Twitter,
BlueSky, YouTube) and CRMs, including IQ
• Ability to exercise discretion in the representation of the Congressman
• Ability to work well under pressure and for long hours as needed
The salary for this position is commensurate with experience, and our office offers a
competitive benefits package. Alabama state and/or district ties are a plus. Qualified
candidates should include a resume, cover letter, a writing sample, and a sample of social
media content in their application. Please send complete applications
to AL02Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Press Secretary & Digital Manager” in the
subject line. No calls or office drop-ins, please.

MEM-015-26
Office of Congresswoman Debbie Dingell Communications Director Job Posting
Congresswoman Debbie Dingell (MI-06) seeks an experienced, creative, and highly
motivated Communications Director to lead the office’s fast-paced communications
operations.
The Communications Director will lead the development and execution of a
comprehensive strategy encompassing national and local press, digital and new media,
and franking. Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Developing and maintaining relationships with reporters and producers,
Drafting press releases, talking points, speeches, and op-eds,
Identifying opportunities for proactive media outreach,
Responding to press inquiries, serving as on-the-record spokesperson,
Coordinating, preparing for, and staffing TV interviews and public speaking events,
Developing and implementing franked media plan,
Overseeing all digital operations, managing a DC-based Digital Director and districtbased Digital Assistant.

The Communications Director will work collaboratively with legislative and district staff
and closely with the Member.
This is a senior-level position. The ideal candidate will possess strong written and oral
communications skills and the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced setting. They will
have at least 2-4 years of experience as a press secretary, communications director, or
similar communications role. Salary is commensurate with experience.
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, two writing
samples, and references to dingell.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Communications Director - [Name]” The office will contact the best qualified candidates
to begin our interview process on a rolling basis. Please, no phone calls or drop ins.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-013-26
Communications Director Job Position

Rep. Raul Ruiz, M.D. Office (CA-25)
Rep. Dr. Raul Ruiz's office is seeking candidates to fill an open Communications Director
position (title and salary based on experience). Please pass this along to anyone you think
might be interested.
Rep. Ruiz (CA-25), senior member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, seeks an
energetic and well-organized professional to lead his communications portfolio. The
position is based in Washington, DC and will travel to the district as needed. Preferred
candidates will have professional fluency in both English & Spanish.
Position Overview
The Communications Director is responsible for the creation and quality of all public
external communications from the Member and the office, the communications strategy
plans, franking budget, and messaging that is authentic, strategic, and on brand. The
Communications Director manages and coordinates all internal communications
activities, assesses constituent and public sentiment, evaluates communication
outcomes against objectives and goals, and acts as the Member’s spokesperson and
primary liaison with all media stakeholders. The Communications Director holds a
leadership position within the office and is part of the leadership team.
Other duties include developing messaging and talking points; overseeing all
communications materials, including press releases, website content, franked mail, and
social media accounts; working with policy staff to translate policy into simple, accurate
and concise language; and regularly briefing and staffing the Member.
Candidates should be self-motivated, diligent, and a team player, and able to develop and
maintain relationships with local, state, and national press and nontraditional media
stakeholders like influencers and podcasters. The ideal candidate will have a passion for
inspiring people through communications, and digital organizing/communications in all
formats.
This position will mentor and manage the Digital Director, all communications activities,
and any press interns in all offices. This is not an entry-level position.
Required Experience and Skills
Ideal candidates should have, or can articulate, experience in the following
areas/topics/platforms:
•
•
•
•

Strong written and oral communications skills (writing, editing, proofreading) with at
least two years of political communications experience including producing oped's, press releases and other communications.
Experience in managing, coaching, and mentoring stap.
Experience in brand development and growing brand presence in the press and all
digital portfolios and an ability to amplify media coverage & grow its impact.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Able to create and implement comprehensive communications strategy and plans
and manage budget and reports.
Able to track public sentiment on issues and the Member, translate polls into
communication messaging and activities.
Able to learn the Member’s voice and communication style including storytelling.
Understanding of print, broadcast, & online social media tools/platforms
(Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Canva Pro, Adobe Premiere, etc.).
Strong skills & experience producing excellent written & visual content, including
graphics & video, for a variety of social media platforms and b-roll for the press.
Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, procedures & organization of the
House – a plus.
Ability to work with the leadership team on short/long-term communications goals,
identify press opportunities and mitigate threats.
Ability to exercise discretion & judgment in the representation of the Congressman's
position on policy issues.
Must have the ability to prioritize duties & manage stap in a fast-paced work
environment while meeting rapid timelines.
Ability to translate complex policy issues into simple, accurate, concise language,
creating talking-point summaries.
Leading, managing & optimizing production needs surrounding virtual & in-person
town hall meetings, public forums, & press conferences & creating graphics & media
presentations when required.
Creating e-newsletters & managing the franked mailers process for the opice
Tracking press and social media analytics

Equal Opportunity. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages people of
all identity groups to apply.
How to Apply. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples (one English and one Spanish on two different topics) to:
CA25Resumes@mail.house.gov with the "Communications Director-[NAME]" in the
subject line.

MEM-011-26
Representative Zoe Lofgren (CA-18) is seeking an energetic, community-oriented individual
for the position of Field Representative based in the Salinas office, and under the
direction of the District Director and Member of Congress.
The Field Representative will act as a liaison between constituent groups, local elected
officials and Representative Lofgren, in addition to initiating community outreach and
policy projects. The Field Representative will draft letters of support and respond to in-

person, written and telephone inquiries from constituents, as well as make legislative and
ceremonial presentations on behalf of the Representative. The Field Representative will be
expected to assist with casework, administrative tasks, and other duties as assigned.
NECESSARY QUALIFICATIONS:
• Strong public speaking skills
• Flexible schedule; the ability to attend early morning, evening and weekend events
• Knowledge of the concerns and issues speciﬁc to the Salinas Valley and
understanding of CA-18
• The ability to handle dipicult situations with courtesy, tact and compassion
• Strong writing skills
• Problem solving abilities
• The ability to exercise a high degree of initiative
• The ability to work independently and use good judgment
• The ability to maintain conﬁdentiality
• Spanish speaking preferred
REQUIREMENTS: A bachelor’s degree or at least 2-3 years experience in a legislative office
or other equivalent environment is required. This is a full-time in-person position, with
significant travel expected. The salary range for this position is $65,000 to $75,000
annually, based upon experience. The office offers a competitive package of benefits
(health insurance, retirement match, student loan repayment program, generous holiday
package, etc.).
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are
strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified candidates should email a PDF copy of their cover
letter, resume, and three professional references to Lofgren.resume@mail.house.gov with
“Field Representative” in the subject line.

