Member and Committee Openings
Week of September 1, 2025
MEM-286-25
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Counsel or Professional Staff
Member:
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Democratic staff seeks a counsel
or professional staff member to assist with the Committee’s oversight and investigations
work.
Exceptional writing and research skills, sound political judgment, the capacity to articulate
technical and policy issues clearly and concisely, and the ability to work closely and
collaboratively with other congressional offices and stakeholders are essential.
Responsibilities include preparing for and staffing hearings and briefings; drafting
statements, memos, letters and other materials; assisting with the Committee’s
investigative and oversight work, including preparing for and conducting transcribed
interviews and depositions; and serving as a resource for Democratic Members and staff
on matters within the Committee’s jurisdiction.
This position’s primary focus would include Energy, Environmental Policy, Climate, FEMA
and disaster response; reporting to the Full Committee, as well as the Subcommittee on
Economic Growth, Energy Policy, and Regulatory Affairs. Substantive work on policy,
oversight, and investigations is preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill, Administration or legal experience,
and experience with investigations or oversight, is preferred.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel/Professional Staff Member” in the subject line. Please attach your resume and
cover letter as one PDF with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName”. The DEADLINE to submit is September 15, 2025. No unsolicited
calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The starting range for this position is $75,000 - $110,000, with the negotiated salary highly
commensurate with the level of educational and professional experience. The Oversight

Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, or national origin.

MEM-285-25
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Counsel or Professional Staff
Member:
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Democratic staff seeks a counsel
or professional staff member to assist with the Committee’s oversight and investigations
work.
Exceptional writing and research skills, sound political judgment, the capacity to articulate
technical and policy issues clearly and concisely, and the ability to work closely and
collaboratively with other congressional offices and stakeholders are essential.
Responsibilities include preparing for and staffing hearings and briefings; drafting
statements, memos, letters and other materials; assisting with the Committee’s
investigative and oversight work, including preparing for and conducting transcribed
interviews and depositions; and serving as a resource for Democratic Members and staff
on matters within the Committee’s jurisdiction.
This position’s primary focus would include national security, homeland security, law
enforcement, immigration, and the military; reporting to the Full Committee, as well as the
Subcommittee on Military and Foreign Affairs, and the Subcommittee on Federal Law
Enforcement. Substantive work on policy, oversight, and investigations related to DHS and
DOD is preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill, Administration or legal experience,
and experience with investigations or oversight, is preferred. Candidates with a TS or
TS/SCI Security Clearance are preferred.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel/Professional Staff Member” in the subject line. Please attach your resume and
cover letter as one PDF with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName”. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The starting range for this position is $75,000 - $110,000, with the negotiated salary highly
commensurate with the level of educational and professional experience. The Oversight
Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to

race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, or national origin.

MEM-283-25
Congresswoman Emilia Sykes seeks a Communications Director to serve in their
Washington, D.C. office. Candidates must be proactive, possess superior written and oral
communication skills, and be able to execute a robust communications strategy.
This is not an entry-level position. Only candidates with prior political or legislative
communications experience will be considered.
Primary responsibilities:
• Creating and executing a robust communications plan;
• Establishing and maintaining relationships with Ohio, national, and D.C.-based
media;
• Advancing press events and sta\ing the Member as needed, including occasional
night and weekend commitments;
• Drafting and distributing press releases, statements, and media advisories;
• Creating, editing, and strategically placing op-eds;
• Overseeing the development of social media content creation, including rapid
response;
• Managing a franked communications plan including text messages, e-newsletters,
digital ads, radio ads, 499s, mailers, etc;
• Pitching to reporters and producers, responding to press inquiries, and serving as
the main point-of-contact for media;
• Updating the website as needed;
• Managing the Press Secretary; and
• Performing other duties as assigned.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
To apply, please send a resume, three references, and two writing samples in one pdf to
JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: Full Name –
Communications Director.

MEM-282-25
Representative Dina Titus seeks a Scheduler/Staff Assistant to manage both her DC and
district schedule.

This individual works closely with the Chief of Staff and District Director on a broad range
of scheduling and executive operations including tracking, evaluating, and responding to
all invitations and scheduling requests, coordinating travel, and managing all aspects of
the Congresswoman’s daily and long-term schedule. The individual will also be
responsible for managing the front office, answering and logging telephone calls,
managing constituent requests for flags and tours, recruiting and managing interns, and
other administrative duties.
The ideal candidate will exercise discretion and confidentiality, remain calm under
pressure, and be able to collaborate and communicate well with a large D.C. and State
staff.
Previous administrative or scheduling experience preferred. Candidates with a diverse
background and Nevada state ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
The salary for this position is $55,000 - $65,000 per year. Salary is commensurate with
experience. Rep. Titus is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
To Apply: Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
NV01jobs@gmail.com with "Application: Scheduler/Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
The Office of General Counsel (“OGC”), which provides legal advice and representation to
Members, committees, officers, and employees of the House on matters related to their
official duties without regard to political affiliation, is accepting applications for the
position of Assistant General Counsel.
Core responsibilities include: drafting district court pleadings and appellate briefs;
appearing in court in litigation matters in which the House or individual Members, officers,
or employees have an official interest; analyzing legal problems presented by House
Members, committees, officers, and employees, and formulating recommended
solutions; advising and counseling House Members, committees, officers, and employees
on a wide range of legal issues; gathering facts necessary to permit OGC to provide sound
legal advice; interacting with House leadership, committees, and other House offices;
interacting with opposing counsel (both government and private); representing witnesses
in connection with investigative proceedings; performing legal research on issues of
constitutional, statutory, and common law; and working closely with other OGC attorneys
and support staff in performing these functions.
QUALIFICATIONS:

Minimum Requirements: (1) excellent academic credentials; (2) at least three years’
experience as a practicing attorney, including any judicial clerkships; (3) excellent writing,
analytical, and people skills; (4) excellent judgment; (5) ability to work with, and to provide
high quality legal advice and representation to, House Members, committees, officers, and
employees, without regard to political affiliation; and (6) appreciation of—or at least the
desire to learn about and understand—the role and functioning of the Legislative Branch.
Preferred Qualifications: (1) judicial clerkship or other government experience; (2)
experience drafting dispositive motions in federal district courts and/or briefs in federal
courts of appeals; and (3) understanding of structure and operations of the Federal
Government, particularly the House of Representatives and the Department of Justice.
Information about OGC is available at https://ogc.house.gov
Salary Level/Range: $170,000-$185,000
Please email your application consisting of: cover letter, resume, law school transcript, list
of references, and writing sample to OGC.Employment@mail.house.gov. Application
deadline, Thursday, September 18, 2025. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis between now and the deadline. Please include in the email subject line “Assistant
General Counsel Vacancy.”

MEM-281-25
Digital Director: Rep. Mike Thompson (CA-04), senior member of the House Ways and
Means Committee and Chair of the House Gun Violence Prevention Task Force, seeks a
Digital Director to join his fast-paced communication team.
Job Description: The Digital Director is an integral part of the communications team and
will work to manage the Member’s digital profile via social media, the official website,
photography/videography, graphic creation, and content editing, among other
responsibilities. Candidates should be familiar with graphic design and photo/video editing
tools, including Canva and Adobe Premiere. This position is not entry level and will be
based in Washington, D.C. 1-2 years of relevant digital experience is required. California
ties and/or Spanish fluency is a plus but not required. This is a full-time position with
evening and weekend work as needed. This is an in-person position.
Job Duties:
• Coordinate with the Communications Director to develop and implement the
Member’s communications and media strategy
• Create videos, graphics, and other digital content that is compelling, engaging, onbrand, and error-free

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Draft content in the voice of the Congressman each day in addition to quickly
responding to breaking news and Capitol Hill and district developments
Taking photos and videos of the Congressman at events and in meetings
Creating content for rollouts and rapid response opportunities, including clipping,
captioning, and posting committee remarks, ﬂoor speeches, and interviews
Assist with drafting and circulating the Congressman’s newsletter, media advisories,
press releases, statements, talking points, and speeches
Manage and post on all social media accounts for the Member (Facebook, X,
Instagram, YouTube, Blue Sky, etc.)
Track analytics across all relevant platforms and suggest improvements or ideas to
enhance Member’s brand
Edit and maintain the Member’s website to include relevant updates, press
releases, news, photos, and more
Design public-facing printed materials (mailers, pamphlets, brochures)
Develops communications to assist with outreach to district stakeholders and
Member o\ices
Monitors national and local media coverage to stay abreast of current events
Support press event logistics for the Member in Washington, D.C. and in the district
Create and maintain press lists
Proofreads and fact-checks written materials to ensure complete accuracy
Compiles the Member's daily news clips to distribute to o\ice sta\
Generates and shares ideas for press, mass mailing, and newsletters to assist with
the development of traditional and digital media strategies
Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an e\icient and e\ective manner
Other duties as assigned by the Communications Director, Chief of sta\, Deputy
Chief of Sta\ and Member
Reports to Chief of Sta\, Deputy Chief of Sta\, and Communications Director

Qualifications:
• Bachelor’s degree in communications, journalism, public relations, graphic design,
or related ﬁeld
• Exceptional writing, editing, and organizational skills
• Experience with social media platforms and tools (e.g., Twitter/X, Facebook,
Instagram, Canva, Adobe Creative Suite, or similar tools)
• Ability to create engaging graphics, visuals, and videos
• Strong interest in digital media and trends
• Detail-oriented, with the ability to juggle multiple tasks and meet tight deadlines
Salary Level/Range: $60,000, commensurate with experience, and includes health
insurance, student loan repayment, and other competitive benefits.

Applicant Instructions: Prospective candidates should e-mail a cover letter, resume, one
graphic digital work sample, and one video work sample to CA04Jobs@mail.house.gov
with the subject line “LASTNAME_Digital.”
Notice: All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental

MEM-280-25
The office of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03) seeks an experienced Legislative
Director for her Washington, D.C. office.
As a senior staff member, the Legislative Director will be responsible for managing the
office's legislative team as it seeks to implement the Congresswoman's policy agenda and
advance the priorities of Ohio’s Third Congressional District. The Legislative Director will
also handle a broad portfolio of issues that includes health care, education,
transportation, defense, foreign affairs, and energy.
Within these responsibilities, the Legislative Director will:
• Develop and implement strategies to advance the Congresswoman's legislative
priorities - including by drafting letters, legislation, and amendments, and serve as a
resource for and mentor to others on the policy team;
• Monitor ﬂoor proceedings and provide appropriate background information, policy
updates, and vote recommendations to the Congresswoman;
• Prepare and sta\ the Congresswoman for meetings with constituents, advocacy
organizations, and other key stakeholders;
• Lead the o\ice's appropriations process - including the Community Project Funding
(CPF) process, and collaborate with the Congresswoman's District O\ice sta\ to
drive forward regional priorities through both the appropriations process and other
legislative e\orts;
• Oversee the implementation of the Congresswoman's constituent correspondence
program; and
• Work closely with the communications team to compile talking points, statements,
and other materials for media inquiries, press releases, and a wide variety of events.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified candidates will have prior management
experience, at least 4 years of full-time legislative experience on Capitol Hill, and
experience working with other congressional offices and relevant stakeholders to
accomplish tangible policy objectives. This position requires the flexibility to work long
hours, including nights and weekends when necessary.

Candidates from diverse backgrounds and underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. Ohio ties are a plus. This office is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, military status, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or
parental status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples as a single PDF
document to OH3.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “FIRST AND LAST
NAME_LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR.”

MEM-277-25
DISTRICT DIRECTOR

OFFICE of CONGRESSWOMAN LAURA GILLEN
The District Director oversees all district office operations. This position develops and
implements policy objectives, strategies and operating plans for the Congresswoman's
district office and directs all activities and staff of the district office.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Manages district o\ice sta\.
• Represents the Congresswoman and/or assigns appropriate sta\ to do so in the
• district o\ice as needed.
• Plans, assigns and evaluates work of employees in district o\ice.
• Interviews, selects and trains employees of district o\ice and ensures that district
• o\ice sta\ complies with o\ice policies, practices, and procedures.
• Conducts district o\ice sta\ meetings.
• Speaks to local groups when the Congresswoman is unavailable.
• Maintains close communication with the Washington, D.C. o\ice.
• Travels throughout the district at regular intervals to keep abreast of local
• concerns.
• Meets with elected o\icials and representatives of local groups on behalf of the
• Congresswoman.
• Schedules meetings with federal and district government agencies as necessary.
• Responds to constituent telephone calls and mail.
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the o\ice.
• Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, sta\, and
• constituents.
• Works well under pressure and handles stress.
• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction.
• Works a ﬂexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
• Performs other duties as assigned.

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A minimum of a bachelor’s degree and five-ten years of related experience in
management and/or legislation or equivalent similar experience is required.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Ability to perform essential job functions above.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
• pleasant, and professional manner.
• Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments.
• An understanding of the district and federal political process.
• Provides necessary organization, supervisory leadership and motivation to
• manage district o\ice.
• Excellent oral and written communication skills.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
• Work is mainly performed in an o\ice environment. Noise levels are usually
• moderate; and
• Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
TO APPLY: Please email your resume to Sarah Carlson at
sarah.carlson@mail.house.gov

MEM-276-25
Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz is looking for a self-motivated full-time Field
Representative for her Sunrise, FL office. Overall primary responsibilities include serving
as a liaison with federal, state, and/or local agencies and constituent groups, answering
casework correspondence, communicating and meeting with constituents, and executing
district outreach on behalf of the Member.
Some key functions of the position include:
• Meeting with local groups and constituents on behalf of the Congresswoman.
• Proactively seeking opportunities to develop community outreach relationships on behalf
of the Congresswoman.
• Working closely with the District Director and Outreach Director to implement planned
outreach events and to suggest new innovative ideas.
• Representing or speaking on behalf of the Congresswoman at events and local meetings.
• Staying abreast of local news and issues affecting South Florida, particularly Broward
County.

• Monitoring and updating the Congresswoman and senior staff on district and local
issues.
• Responding to casework inquiries from constituents in a timely manner while monitoring
casework for problems requiring legislative action or proper escalations.
• Working a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends.
• Performing other duties as assigned, including driving the Member while in South Florida
as needed.
The successful applicant must have a positive attitude and the genuine desire to serve
constituents contacting Congresswoman Wasserman Schultz for assistance.
• Applicants must possess strong communication, organizational, and writing skills as well
as a strong interest in community outreach.
• Knowledge of the communities of the 25th Congressional district is preferred.
• Additional language proficiency, including in Spanish, is a plus.
• Experience, connections or exposure to working with organizations focused on African
American, faith based, and Caribbean Communities is a plus for the role.
APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: Applicants should submit a cover letter, résumé and a list
of at least three references as one PDF. They should be submitted through the online
portal:
https://resumebank.domewatch.us/start/?code=WPgUOjYoXQf&title=Field%20Represent
ative.
Salary Range: $45,000 - $60,000 (title and compensation commensurate with experience)
If interested, please send the required information by Friday, September 12, 2025, at
5:00PM.

MEM-269-25
Deputy Communications Director/Digital Director
Essential Job Function: As a member of our communications team and in collaboration
with the Congressman, Deputy Comms
Director/Digital Director will write and produce engaging digital content, monitor online
narratives and trends, and assist with traditional press inquiries and tasks. The individual
will also manage the Congressman’s social media platforms with oversight from the
Communications Director. This is a mid-level communications role within the office.
Deputy Comms Director /Digital Director’s role and responsibilities include, but are
not limited to:
1. Digital Strategy

•
•
•

Develop and implement digital strategies to amplify the Representative's message
and engage constituents, including through emerging trends online.
Manage social media accounts (Facebook, Instagram, X, YouTube, Bluesky, and
Threads) through content creation and community engagement.
Create compelling digital content such as graphics, videos, and infographics to
communicate key messages.

2. Content Creation
• Collaborate with team members to develop multimedia content that effectively
communicates legislative priorities and initiatives.
• Ensure all content is accurate, consistent with the Representative's voice, and
aligns with brand guidelines.
• Required to have extensive knowledge and experience to create memes and create
AI videos from start to finish. Experience with video production, video editing, and
emerging AI tools, including through platforms like Canva, ChatGPT, and the Adobe
Suite.
3. Public Relations:
• Draft press releases, media advisories, op-eds, franked communications, and other
materials as needed.
• Coordinate interviews, press conferences, and media appearances for the
Representative in both the traditional and new media spaces.
• Monitor media coverage—including press and digital clips with support from a
press intern—and prepare regular reports for the team.
• Be comfortable making fun of our republican colleagues such as, James Comer
(this tells me you read the whole post).
4. Preferred Skill Sets:
• Experience working in a fast-paced government office or on political campaigns.
• Knowledge of data analytics and metrics to track the effectiveness of digital
campaigns.
• Experience managing crisis communications and responding to media inquiries
under tight deadlines.
• Demonstrated ability to think creatively and strategically to generate innovative
ideas for media outreach and digital engagement.
• Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to collaborate effectively with team
members and external stakeholders.
• Flexibility to work evenings and weekends as needed, especially during high-profile
events or legislative sessions.
Location: The role is based in Washington, D.C.
This office is an equal-opportunity employer. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.

Please submit resume, three references, a digital portfolio, and a cover page as one
PDF document to Moskowitz.resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-268-25
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a Field Representative &
Caseworker for her District Office in Long Beach, CA.
Candidate should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, have the
proper demeanor and a comfort in dealing directly with constituents to resolve challenging
requests, be highly organized, and have the ability to manage multiple tasks and
competing deadlines simultaneously.
This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities for this community-focused position include: answer and log incoming
phone calls, casework intake and work on casework through completion; identify event
and correspondence opportunities in assigned geographic and issue areas; staff the
Congresswoman and serve as staff representative for the Congresswoman at community
meetings and events; lead or assist with planning, organizing, and executing district
outreach efforts in assigned geographic and issue areas; identify issues related to federal
programs for possible legislation and|or letters; manage correspondence and
acknowledgements from the office; meet with constituent and community leaders and
develop relationships and networks in assigned geographic and issue areas; work with
community groups and organizations, local elected officials, and others in the
Congressional District to identify potential opportunities for federal funding; and serve as a
liaison with federal, state, and local agencies, and committees.
Knowledge of communities within California’s 44th District preferred.
A car and good driving record required (mileage reimbursement available)
Diverse candidates encouraged to apply.
Candidates must also be able to work a flexible schedule, including some nights and
weekends as required.
Pay: $60-$72,000 based on experience
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“CA44 Field Rep” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-267-25
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a District Staff Assistant for her
District Office in Long Beach, CA.
The District Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, helps to supervise the
district internship program, and responds to constituent requests for general information
and other inquiries. This position maintains the front office and assists district office staff
with various administrative duties while maintaining an external agenda that interacts
frequently with constituents. The position will also support the Office’s community
outreach and events with the Congresswoman when she is in the district.
Candidate should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong
interpersonal skills, have the proper demeanor and a comfort in dealing directly with
constituents to resolve challenging requests, highly organized, the ability to manage
multiple tasks and competing deadlines simultaneously, and able to work in a fast-paced
environment.
Knowledge of communities within California’s 44th District preferred.
A car and good driving record required (mileage reimbursement available)
Diverse candidates encouraged to apply.
Candidates must also be able to work a flexible schedule, including some nights and
weekends as required.
Pay: $50-53,000 based on experience
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“CA44 Staff Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-265-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Rep. Frederica Wilson (D-FLA.), Member of the Committee
on Education and the Workforce and Transportation & Infrastructure Committees, is hiring
a Legislative Director. The Legislative Director works with the Member and other senior
staff to lead the development and implementation of her policy, legislative, and

appropriations strategy, managing a legislative team of 4-5 staff and fellows while also
covering a small individual portfolio of legislative issues.
Primary responsibilities for this role include:
• Developing and advancing the Member’s policy priorities through the legislative and
appropriations processes.
• Managing the operations of the legislative team and serving as a member of the
o\ice’s senior leadership team.
• Developing memos, remarks, committee materials, and other brieﬁng materials for
the Member/o\ice.
• Supporting the press team on policy-related communications.
• Working with the district team to support their work and address constituents’
policy concerns.
• Monitoring activity on the House Floor, the House Rules Committee and working
with the legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
• Building and maintaining positive and e\ective relationships with district, D.C., and
national stakeholders and advocacy organizations.
• Overseeing the o\ice’s constituent correspondence program; and
• Other duties and special projects as assigned.
This is not an entry-level role. Candidates should have deep expertise in policy, legislative
drafting and procedure, and congressional appropriations experience is a plus.
Miami/Florida ties are also a plus. Candidates with previous Education Committee or
Senate HELP experience are encouraged to apply. Essential skills include an expert-level
working knowledge of Congress; strong oral and written communication skills, including
rigorous editing and fact-checking; excellent attention to detail; the ability to execute on
multiple deadlines and tasks in a fast-paced environment; strong interpersonal and
relationship-building skills; the ability to make quick decisions when advising a principal; a
proven track record navigating complex constituent and political situations; and the
responsiveness and professional demeanor to represent the office well to a wide range of
communities.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status.
To apply, please email the Chief of Staff, Leon Buck at Leon.Buck@mail.house.gov,
“Legislative Director” in the subject line and the following application materials attached
as one combined PDF, applications will be considered on a rolling basis:
• Résumé
• Cover letter
• 2-3 professional references,
• and a writing sample would be appreciated.

