Member and Committee Openings
Week of May 19, 2025
MEM-159-25
Senior Florida Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant & Driver in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include transporting the Member (including evenings), providing general
assistance to the Member, managing the D.C. Intern Program, answering phones,
processing mail and packages, welcoming office visitors, processing flag requests, general
office administration, assisting with scheduling/operations, and working with staff on other
duties as assigned.
Successful candidates will have professional experience and familiarity working in a
legislative environment, have proficiency in professional writing, customer service, timemanagement, and good organizational skills. A positive, solution-oriented personality who
has an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment is ideal.
South Florida/Florida ties are required and prior work in a Congressional or Senate office is
a major plus.
A safe car and a good driving record are required for this position.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to
FL25Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant – Last Name.” Please
save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name,
First name.” This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual
orientation, or gender identity or expression.

MEM-158- 25
Midwest Conservative Republican is seeking a Legislative Assistant/Senior Legislative
Assistant.
The Legislative Assistant/Senior Legislative Assistant is responsible for developing and
advancing proactive policy proposals, monitoring legislative developments in assigned
issue areas, drafting vote recommendations, agency correspondence, representing the
member in meetings with constituents and key stakeholders, and other duties as assigned.

This person will be responsible for handling the Agriculture Committee portfolio, in
addition to other policy areas as well.
Applicants should have previous Capitol Hill, legislative, or policy experience, excellent
research, writing, and verbal communication skills, strong attention to detail, and the
ability to handle multiple responsibilities simultaneously in a fast-paced environment. Ties
to the Midwest are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should submit a
resume midwesternrepublicanoffice@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line. This is not an entry level position.

MEM-157-25
The House Office of the Legislative Counsel provides legislative drafting services to the
committees and Members of the United States House of Representatives on a nonpartisan, impartial, and confidential basis. Our goal is to work with committees and
Members to understand their policy preferences in order to implement those preferences
through clear, concise, and legally effective legislative language.
Position Description:
The House Office of the Legislative Counsel (HOLC) is looking to hire up to six (6) full-time
Attorneys, as well as up to five (5) Summer Associates each year. Appointments to all
positions in HOLC are made without regard to personal political affiliation and solely on
the basis of fitness to perform the work.
Attorneys at HOLC assist the United States House of Representatives, and its Committees
and Members, in drafting legislation and performing related legal functions on a
nonpartisan basis. The legal issues encountered in furnishing this assistance involve
constitutional, statutory, and administrative law questions, as well as questions in other
fields of Federal law. An Attorney performs the following duties:
• Drafts legislation and prepares bills according to statutory style and format
standards.
• Drafts bills and amendments at each stage of the legislative process, from
introduction through conference.
• Analyzes policy proposals, engages with clients, applies relevant legal principles
and court decisions, and conducts research as necessary to prepare effective
statutory language.
• Advises clients regarding the legal effect and constitutionality of proposed
legislative measures in the context of existing laws and legislative procedure.
• Attends sessions of a subcommittee and full committee of the House and of a
conference committee between the House and the Senate; may respond as

•
•

•
•

requested to questions from legislators and legislative staff; may assist members
by being present to provide drafting assistance to members on the House Floor.
May communicate with various stakeholders, at the request of the Member or
Committee, as necessary to draft legislation.
After gaining necessary experience in these duties and responsibilities, trains newly
hired attorneys, provides mentorship to team members, and may assume a
leadership role on teams.
On a volunteer basis, may assist with office management initiatives to promote the
effective operation of the office.
Performs related duties as assigned

The ideal candidate should have a demonstrated commitment to nonpartisan public
service, a strong academic background, and an openness to long-term employment with
HOLC. The ideal candidate should actively and enthusiastically embrace and promote the
HOLC's work culture, develop effective working relationships with other attorneys and
employees, strive to provide exceptional service to clients, and serve as an effective role
model for others.
Ideal candidates will have knowledge of legal principles, applications, and practices of
law, as well as basic knowledge of fundamental subjects of law and legal research
procedures. Strong written and oral communication skills, and the ability to remain
impartial at all times with respect to the policies to be incorporated into a legislative
proposal are a must for this position. Attorneys in this office are concerned with the
legislative policy only for the purpose of making sure that the bill, resolution, or
amendment accurately reflects the policy of the Committee or Member for whom it is
being drafted. The ability to analyze complex problems and handle difficult situations as
they arise with judgment, tact, and discretion, as well as excellent problem-solving skills,
and a strong interest in learning within a high-performing environment are all key
characteristics of a successful Attorney or Summer Associate.
Qualifications:
The minimum requirements for Attorneys include United States citizenship, graduation
from a law school accredited by the American Bar Association prior to the commencement
of employment, and some experience performing legal work, which may be satisfied by
employment during law school. Active membership in the bar of a State or the District of
Columbia within one year of employment as a full-time attorney is required.
HOLC also has a summer associate program. The summer program is available to law
students only during the summer before their last year in an accredited law school and
may lead to an offer of full-time employment upon completion of law school, depending on
performance and the needs of HOLC. Summer Associates, working under close
supervision, are expected to perform similar duties to that of the full-time Attorneys, with

the understanding Summer Associates will work for a minimum of six (6) weeks, and with
the assignment ending by the beginning of August.
Supplemental Information:
The Legislative Counsel, who is appointed by the Speaker of the House, appoints and fixes
the compensation of the personnel of the Office, subject to the approval of the Speaker.
The starting salary for the Attorney position is $100,274.40 annually. For Summer
Associates, pay is at a daily rate equivalent to an annual salary of $50,137.20. Summer
Associates receive similar benefits as full-time Attorneys for the duration of their
employment.
How to Apply:
To learn more about these opportunities, view the brochure
at https://online.flipbuilder.com/kper/eums/

MEM-156-25
The Legislative Correspondent is responsible for researching legislative issues at the
direction of the Chief of Staff, Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants or Aides; and
drafting correspondence to explain the Member’s position on public policy matters. This
person may be asked to meet with constituents and special interest groups on behalf of
the Member. This person will work closely with the Legislative Director, who is their
immediate supervisor, Legislative Assistants and interns, and reports to the Chief of Staff.
Overview
This staff member coordinates all legislative correspondence with the Legislative Director
and the other legislative staff. The Legislative Correspondent works both independently
and in collaboration with a team. They are expected to provide research for and respond to
letters from constituents and other interested parties and, on occasion, may assist in
drafting memos about key meetings, issues, and constituent groups for the Member. This
staff member also attends meetings with constituents and interest groups and provides
support for Committee hearing and markups. This position further requires keeping the
Member, Chief of Staff, and Legislative Director appraised of the status of mail received by
the office regarding legislation.
Essential Job Functions Required
• Drafts tailored letters for constituent inquiries that require special research or a
nuanced response;
• Creates and maintains a collection of prepared responses for general legislative
inquiries;

•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Ensures that legislative responses to constituents are completed in a timely
manner;
Consults with the Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants to ensure the
Member’s library of legislative letters are accurate, up to date, and reflective of the
Member’s policy positions;
Attends legislative meetings with constituents and stakeholder groups, and assists
with Committee hearings and markups, upon request;
Performs special projects assigned by the Legislative Director, Chief of Staff, or
Member;
Answers thoroughly and in a timely fashion assigned constituent letters, including
any research necessary to formulate an adequate response to the letters;
Prints and proofreads form letters;
Drafts responses to constituent mail that cannot be answered with a form letter;
Provides information on and generates ideas for press, digital media, and
newsletters;
Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
Works well under pressure and handles stress;
Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
Performs other duties as assigned.

Qualifications/Skills and Knowledge Required
• Ability to learn general knowledge about the legislative process and of the House
organization and procedures;
• Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner;
• Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge of office computer applications; and
• Proficiency in word processing.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, marital status, parental status, military status, or any other
factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Qualified candidates should submit a
resume and cover letter.
Working Conditions
• Work is performed in an office environment. A hybrid work arrangement involving
telecommuting may also be approved, consistent with the needs of the office.

•
•

Noise levels in office are usually moderate.
Ability to work in a small workstation without expectation of privacy.

Education/Experience
At least one-year of legislative experience with strong academic credentials
preferred. Alternatively, one-year of related experience or training in legislation or
equivalent similar experience. Experience working in Congress is not required.
Please send resume and cover letter to resumes.hoyle@mail.house.gov with the subject
line: Legislative Correspondent Opening, by COB May 30, 2025. No calls or drop-ins
please.
FLSA Status: Nonexempt

MEM-155-25
The Office of Representative Mike Kelly (PA-16) seeks a Scheduler or Operations Director
to coordinate the Representative’s schedule and manage administrative duties in the DC
office.
Candidates must have exceptional organizational skills, attention to detail, and an ability
to manage competing demands and deadlines. Candidates must handle conflicting
requests, anticipate the needs of the Member, and exercise sound and efficient judgment
when scheduling meetings, events, and travel.
Candidate must have strong communication skills. Capitol Hill or other relevant
administrative, operations, or scheduling experience is preferred. Please send a resume
and references to kevin.dawson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-154-25
Caseworker Job Opportunity – CA-16 District Office
Bay Area Member of Congress (CA-16) seeks highly motivated and detail-orientated
Caseworker to help constituents interface with federal agencies. The Caseworker position
monitors and provides periodic updates to the Member of Congress, Chief of Staff and
District Director on district and local casework issues. This position acts as an advocate
for constituents and a liaison to federal, district, and local government agencies and
stakeholders for the Member and constituents. A caseworker answers casework
correspondence and verbal and written communications with constituents as it pertains to
their casework portfolio. The Caseworker works with their colleagues to maintain a
constituent-centered team that purses excellence in public service in order to improve and
inspire the lives of the people of the 16th Congressional District.

The Office of California’s 16th District is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are
committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment, and we
provide reasonable accommodations to applicants and employees with disabilities. All
qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.
Additional Information:
Applications are due Friday, May 30, 2025. If you have any questions or comments about
the recruitment, selection, or hiring process, please email
CA16DOResumes@mail.house.gov or call 408-245-2339, 711(TTY).
Interested candidates must submit a cover letter, resume, and one brief writing sample to
CA16DOResumes@mail.house.gov with subject line:
“Caseworker Application – (Applicant’s Name)”.
Salary Range: $60,000 – $70,000.
Applications will be considered as they arrive.
Webpage: Congressman Sam Liccardo | Representing California's 16th District

MEM-153-25
Caseworker/Field Representative for Keith Self – TX-3 Republican Member of
Congress
Rep. Keith Self has an immediate need to hire a Caseworker/Field Representative for the
McKinney, TX District Office in a full-time in-person capacity. Interested candidates are
encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter by May 22.
Salary: Commensurate with experience
Job Duties
• Handles a casework portfolio of Federal issue areas to be determined. Possible
issue areas include: Immigration/Visas (USCIS), Small Business Administration,
Environmental Protection Agency, Department of Housing and Urban Development,
Grants, Social Security, Internal Revenue Service, Passports, Agriculture,
Transportation and Department of Defense
• Serves as a liaison with federal government entities for individual constituent
concerns
• Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal onicials and stakeholders to form
enective relationships for the Member

•
•
•
•
•
•

Attends community meetings and public events to serve as a representative for the
Member and develops relationships with community leaders
Occasionally helps with onice equipment
Maintains accurate and complete ﬁles on all assigned casework to keep track of all
casework progress
Screens and monitors cases to determine if referring the case to other government
entities is appropriate
Writes responses to constituent letters relating to casework to answer questions or
inform them of case progress
Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an enicient and enective manner

Skills
• Attention to Detail: Performs work thoroughly and accurately; acts conscientiously
when attending to detail.
• Constituent / Stakeholder Service Driven: Anticipates and meets the needs of
constituents. Delivers high-quality products and services.
• Interpersonal Skills: Develops and maintains enective relationships. Shows
understanding, courtesy, tact, empathy, and politeness.
• Adaptability: Adapts quickly to change or unexpected obstacles; easily considers
new approaches.
• Teamwork: Encourages and facilitates cooperation, pride, trust, and group identity.
Fosters commitment and team spirit; works with others to achieve goals.
Preferences
• Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
preferred.
• Experience handling sensitive information and maintaining conﬁdentiality.
Applicant Instructions
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume to District
Director Michelle Bishop at michelle.bishop@mail.house.gov.
Notice
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-152-25

The Office of Congressman Gabe Vasquez seeks a full-time Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include answering phones, handling tour and flag requests, greeting
constituents, driving the Member (including evenings), and other administrative tasks as
needed. This position will also be responsible for managing the correspondence system,
including sorting and drafting responses to constituent mail, and other duties as assigned.
Candidates must have exceptional oral and written communication skills, meticulous
attention to detail, expertise prioritizing and managing multiple tasks under tight
deadlines, a commitment to public service, and the ability to work under pressure in a fastpaced environment for a battleground Member. Familiarity with IQ and prior Hill
experience (including internships) is also helpful.
Possession of a driver’s license, a good driving record, and safe vehicle are required for
this position. New Mexico ties and Spanish-language proficiency are also a plus. The
starting salary for this position is $52,000.
To apply, please send a cover letter and resume as a single document to
NM02applications@mail.house.gov with “SA/LC: [Your Name]” as the subject line. Please
no walk-ins or phone calls.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; the office does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status, or any other characteristic protected by
applicable law.

MEM-151-25
Communications Manager
Salary Range: 107,685.00 - 121,134.00
Closing Date: 5/21/2025
Job Summary:
The Office of the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) provides operations support services
and business solutions to the community of 10,000 House Members, Officers, and staff.
The CAO organization comprises more than 650 technical and administrative staff working
in a variety of areas, including information technology, finance, budget management,
human resources, payroll, childcare, food and vending, procurement, logistics and
administrative counsel.
This position is located in the Communications and Marketing Department, Immediate
Office, Office of the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO), U.S. House of Representatives
(House). The Communications and Marketing team brands, communicates, and markets

CAO services and resources to the House community. Communications and Marketing
works directly with the CAO’s business units and stakeholders to provide communications
support for CAO services provided to House offices, including the development and
execution of communications plans and marketing materials geared toward Member,
Committee, and Leadership offices. This position serves as the Communications Manager.
Key responsibilities include supervising the editorial team; working closely with the
Director of Communications and Marketing to create and execute high-priority
communication plans for specific projects and customers; working closely with the Design
Manager to ensure alignment between the communications team and the design team.
The position has day-to-day supervisory/managerial responsibilities.
Primary Duties/Responsibilities:
• Manages the communications team and monitor deadlines for all communications
projects. This includes but is not limited to copy-editing and strategic planning.
• Coordinates with the Design Manager to ensure the communications and design
team members are aligned on projects, deadlines, and other important information
that could impact the deliverable(s).
• Collaborates with leaders across the CAO to brand and market products and
services; serves as a partner with CAO business units as they plan, develop, and
implement new products and services for the House community.
• Collaborates with the Director and Design Manager to identify opportunities for new
communications initiatives.
• Oversees work request coordination; consistently tracks and monitors progress to
ensure activities are on target according to schedule and resources.
• Collaborates with the communications specialists to provide consultative services
to CAO service providers regarding communications projects.
• Develops, composes, and executes comprehensive communications plans for CAO
services and initiatives targeted at increasing awareness and usage by Members,
Committees, and Leadership.
• Writes strategic internal communications materials to support the goals and
operations of the organization, including the CAO’s Semiannual Report.
• Assigns work to subordinates based on priorities, diniculty of assignments, and
capabilities of employees; provides technical oversight of work on a continuous
basis.
• Tracks and utilizes analytics for CAO communications.
• Develops performance plans and evaluates employee performance.
• Performs other onicial duties and special projects as assigned
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor’s degree in Business, Communications, Advertising, Marketing; or
equivalent combination of education and experience.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Minimum 7 years of experience in a marketing/communications role on Capitol Hill,
with an advertising agency, or within a marketing communications department.
Experience with interactive marketing campaign management and tracking.
Knowledge of marketing and branding strategies.
Ability to develop surveys and collect data to drive communications decisions.
Knowledge of quality assurance principles.
Knowledge of and ability to use various automated systems and software programs,
including but not limited to Microsoft Onice Suite (e.g., Word and PowerPoint),
Adobe products, and content management systems (e.g., Drupal).
All employees within CAO are expected to demonstrate the following general
competencies: Accountability, Adaptability, Collaboration, Communication,
Customer Orientation, Knowledge of Relevant Policies, Procedures, and Processes,
Priority Management, and Problem Resolution.

*Continued employment is contingent upon satisfactorily completing a criminal history
records check (or other applicable security clearance) and a pre-employment drug-test
(pre-identified position only).
Apply here: https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/3731?c=house

MEM-150-25
Congressman Ryan Mackenzie (PA-07) is seeking to hire a Legislative Assistant
The Office of Congressman Ryan Mackenzie (PA-07) is hiring a Legislative Assistant to
manage the Congressman’s Committee on Education and Workforce assignment and
several other issues, including healthcare, tax, and small business. Responsibilities for
this role include advancing the Member’s priorities and monitoring key developments
within assigned legislative areas, drafting vote recommendations and preparing materials
for Committee activity, and conducting meetings with constituent groups and key
stakeholders. Qualified applicants will have a strong work ethic, strong interpersonal and
communication skills (both written and verbal), attention to detail, and the ability to handle
competing priorities in a fast-paced environment effectively. Prior experience with
Education or Labor policy is preferred but not required.
Interested applicant should submit their resumes to Julia.Hearthway@mail.house.gov.

MEM-149-25

Congressman Mark DeSaulnier (D-CA), member of the Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee, seeks an experienced Legislative Staffer to handle a diverse legislative
portfolio to include Transportation Committee work. Duties include identifying and
advancing policy proposals, committee hearing and mark-up preparation and staffing,
building relationships with district and federal stakeholders and advocacy organizations as
well as agency and congressional staff, briefing the Congressman and drafting legislative
memos, policy background, constituent correspondence, and other duties as assigned.
Title to be based on candidate’s experience.
Ideal candidate will be a strategic, detail-oriented thinker with experience formulating and
advancing legislation. Qualified candidates will exercise discretion and independent
judgement, have excellent organizational, research, writing, communication, and time
management skills, and a willingness to work in a team environment. Knowledge of
California is a plus. This is not an entry level position – prior legislative experience on
Capitol Hill and working knowledge of House processes and procedures is preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience. The office is an equal opportunity employer. All
qualified candidates are encouraged to apply, including women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities. Qualified candidates should
send resume, cover letter, and references to DeSaulnierResumes@gmail.com.

MEM-147-25
Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib (MI-12) seeks a detail-oriented, experienced and wellorganized D.C. based Operations Manager/Scheduler. The Operations Manager will be
responsible for the management and coordination of the members’ schedule and overall
operations of the office and its functions.
Responsibilities for the position may include:
• Manages all D.C. and district-based scheduling requests, which includes
scheduling for Committee hearings, meetings with other Members, Senators, the
Administration, and community-based organizations and all district stakeholders,
coordinating as necessary with other congressional onices;
• Manages the collection and coordination of talking points and other prep
documents for the Congresswoman’s meetings, speaking engagements, and other
events for her daily binder and ensures it is updated with all appropriate materials;
• Supports the drafting of the Congresswoman’s correspondences, including follow
up and thank you letters for meeting attendees;
• Arranges travel for the Member and for stan traveling on onicial business, both air
and ground travel;
• Manages onice equipment and ensures that all stan are equipped with supplies and
inventory is maintained and good working condition;

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Manages onice stationary and works with appropriate vendors for onice supply;
Coordinates special projects for the Congresswoman in partnership with onice
stan.
Manages the administrative responsibilities of the Stan Assistant and other
employees conducting administrative tasks;
Support stan assistant and communications team on commendation and greeting
requests as needed;
Support Stan Assistant & District Director on management of internship program,
including making assignments and managing work projects;
Works in partnership with District Director on scheduling all district-based events;
Other responsibilities as assigned by the Congresswoman and the Chief of Stan.

Qualifications:
• Candidates must be proactive, have strong attention to detail, and the ability to
multitask enectively in a fast-paced environment.
• Must be familiar with video conferencing platforms (ex. Zoom, Microsoft Teams,
Skype, etc.).
• Must have familiarity with scheduling platforms (ex. google calendar, outlook, etc.)
• Must have great communication and organizational skills as well as strong writing
skills.
• Previous hill experience strongly preferred.
This position will often require evening and weekend work, so a strong candidate will be
able to work a flexible schedule. Michigan ties are highly desirable, but not required.
Starting salary is $70,000.00 and will commensurate with experience. The Office is
unionized and offers robust, competitive benefits. To apply, please email
Rashida.Jobs@mail.house.gov (SUBJECT LINE: Operations, YOUR NAME) with a cover
letter, resume and 2-3 references.
Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+, and other members of other marginalized
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status. This position reports to the Chief of Staff and Member.

MEM-144-25
The Office of Congressman Josh Gottheimer seeks a Press Secretary in his Washington,
D.C. office. Applicants must have exceptional writing skills, attention to detail, and an
ability to manage competing demands and deadlines.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:

1. Managing the Congressman’s digital media;
2. Creating and posting social media posts;
3. Producing graphics and editing photos and videos;
4. Drafting press releases, statements, and talking points;
5. Compiling daily press clips; and
6. Managing the Member’s website.
Candidates with New Jersey ties are preferred. This office is an equal-opportunity
employer. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To Apply: Interested candidates should apply by sending resume and cover letter
to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Press Secretary Application: Last Name” in the subject
line.”
This is not an entry-level position; at least 2-3 years of full-time, post-graduation
professional experience in press and digital communications or a related field is required
(internships do not count toward this requirement). Candidates should be aware that this
position will require frequent evening and occasional weekend work.

MEM-143-25
Title: Chief Clerk
First Line Supervisor: Deputy Staff Director
Second Line Supervisor: Staff Director
Duties/Responsibilities:
1. Timely notices of all committee events, including hearings, meetings, markups, and
round table discussions per House and Committee rules.
2. Prepares hearing room for all Committee hearings, meetings, markups, and round
tables, including preparation of materials for members, the court reporter, and
media.
3. Clerks all committee hearings, meetings, and markups
a. Records member attendance
b. Records votes on the electronic system
c. Runs monitors (currently with AMX remote)
d. Maintains HVAC gavel sheets (Majority only)
4. Manages committee repository in compliance with the House Rules, including:
a. Uploads legislation for markups

b. Uploads all hearing documents, including witness lists, testimony,
legislation, biographies, and truth in-testimony statements
5. Committee Transcripts – Orders transcripts from the Official Reporter and sends
them to members and witnesses for correction.
6. Track the transcript and printed hearing status of all hearings by maintaining the
chart in the printer’s folder.
7. Remains current on House Rules and rule changes relating to the clerk’s duties.
8. Maintains HVAC Committee Member lists for the Full Committee and
Subcommittees.
9. Maintains HVAC LA and Scheduler lists for the Subcommittees and Full Committee.
10. Maintains all email distribution email lists.
11. Provides a summary of all legislative action from all markups to the Committee
Digest (committee.digest@mail.house.gov).
12. Serves as liaison to the House Recording Studio for audio in Hearing Rooms and
AMX remote to run hearing room monitors.
13. Prepares all organizational materials or members at the start of a new Congress.
14. Archiving – Responsible for ensuring the Committee complies with all archiving
requirements, including:
a. Responsible for maintaining and organizing all legislation referred to the
Committee.
b. Responsible for maintaining and organizing all bills reported from
subcommittees and the full Committee.
c. Prepare all committee documents for depositing in the National Archives at
the end of each congressional year.
15. Creates and maintains an HVAC Clerks Handbook explaining the clerical duties and
procedures.
16. Provides front office support on phones and greeting visitors.
17. Supervises the Staff Assistant and operation of the front office.
18. Performs other duties as assigned
Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Excellent communication skills
Strong organizational skills
Attention to detail
Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills
Knowledge of the legislative process
Knowledge of House record-keeping requirements
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
Punctual

Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Sick and Annual Leave
Student Loan Repayment Program
Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
Thrift Savings Plan
Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with
the interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, references, and three writing
samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Chief Clerk” in the subject line. No calls
or walk-ins, please.

MEM-142-25
Staff Director, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, House Committee on
Veterans’ Affairs
Core Responsibilities:
• Serve as the principal advisor to the full Committee Chairman, subcommittee
Chairman, and Republican Members for issues under the jurisdiction of the
Subcommittee.
• Provide in-depth policy analysis and political strategy for issues that fall under the
jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Lead and supervise the implementation of the Subcommittee’s legislative initiatives
including the formulation, drafting, introduction, passage, negotiation, and
enactment of all legislation under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Plan for and supervise the Subcommittee staff in the organization of, and
preparation for, hearings, to include but not limited to, the determination of the
agenda, briefing of witnesses and Members, and drafting remarks and questions for
the Chairman.
• Conduct informational and oversight meetings with Administration officials,
including Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and other agencies, Veteran Service

•

•

•
•

Organizations, non-profit organizations, industry experts, and veterans on all issues
under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
Plan and supervise implementation of the Subcommittee’s oversight agenda of
issues within its jurisdiction, including sending requests for information, writing
oversight letters, conducting oversight visits, reviewing document productions,
cultivating sources of information, determining the veracity of information received,
and other oversight measures, as needed.
Build relationships with internal and external partners, including Veteran Service
Organizations, member offices, industry, and contacts within VA and other
government agencies to promote and enact the legislative and oversight agenda of
the Subcommittee, and that of the full Committee Chairman.
Represent and discuss the full Committee or Subcommittee Chairman’s views at
various conferences and speaking events.
Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Stan
Director, or Deputy Stan Director; as needed.

Minimum Qualifications:
• Bachelor of Arts or Science
• This is not an entry level position.
• At least ﬁve to seven years of relevant policy or oversight experience. Experience on
Capitol Hill or knowledge of veteran policy is desired but other experience will be
considered.
Required Skills:
• Ability to lead and mentor Subcommittee stan
• Team oriented
• Ability to establish working relationships
• Strong writing and editing skills
• Problem solving
• Strong verbal communication
• Ability to work well under pressure
• Attention to detail
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
• Metro or Parking Benefits

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with
the interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, three professional
references to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Oversight and Investigations Staff
Director” in the subject line. In your cover letter please indicate what you believe are the
three most pressing challenges facing the Department of Veterans Affairs. No calls or
walk-ins, please.

MEM-141-25
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT
Congresswoman Nydia Velázquez (NY-07) is hiring an Executive Assistant for the
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include driving the member (must own a vehicle
and possess a valid driver’s license) and front office tasks such as answering phones,
greeting visitors, managing constituent mail program, maintaining both digital and paper
records and files, and other duties as assigned. Qualified applicants must possess
excellent written and oral communication skills, an ability to work collaboratively, strong
interpersonal skills, and remain flexible and calm under pressure.
Please submit a cover letter and resume to 1execasst@gmail.com with the subject line
“Executive Assistant Application 2025.” No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-140-25
Senior Legislative Assistant, Rep. Tony Gonzales (TX-23)
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to develop legislative initiatives relevant to the Member's position on the House
Appropriations Committee and the Committee on Homeland Security;
• to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House ﬂoor;
• to meet with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• at least 2 years of legislative experience in a full-time, legislative position
• prior Capitol Hill experience is strongly preferred;

•
•
•
•
•
•

excellent oral and written communication skills;
thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
ability to work well under pressure;
thoroughness and careful attention to detail

To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted
in subject line.

MEM-139-25
Press Assistant/Press Secretary, Rep. Tony Gonzales (TX-23)
The Office of Congressman Tony Gonzales seeks a Press Secretary or Press Assistant in
his Washington, D.C. office (title and pay commensurate with experience). Applicants
must have exceptional writing skills, attention to detail, and an ability to manage
competing demands and deadlines.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Managing the Congressman’s digital media.
• Coordinating the creation of print and digital advertisements;
• Creating and posting social media posts;
• Producing graphics and editing photos and videos;
• Drafting press releases and weekly newsletters;
• Compiling daily press clips; and
• Managing the Member’s website.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Candidates with Texas ties are preferred.
This is not an entry-level position; at least 1-2 years of full-time, post-graduation
professional experience in press and digital communications or a related field is required
(internships do not count toward this requirement).
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted
in subject line.

MEM-138-25
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE COUNSEL

U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
COMMITTEE ON ETHICS
Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for the position of Counsel in the Financial Disclosure office. The Committee’s
financial disclosure counsel is responsible for reviewing and certifying a large volume of
Financial Disclosure Reports, providing legal advice on financial disclosure related
matters, providing education and training to Members of Congress and their staff through
frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product. This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and
refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate sensitive matters that arise
before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable:
government ethics, ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment management,
taxation, corporate finance, and securities law. The salary range for this position is
$136,780 and $145,604 per annum. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing
sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-130-25
Title: Inspector General
Office: Office of the Inspector General
Close Date: 05/14/25
Salary: $212,000 - $217,000
The Inspector General is accountable for the evaluation of internal controls and
organizational structures, as well as determining the extent and quality of conformance
with policies and procedures within the House. In collaboration with the Deputy Inspector
General, provides executive management to the Office of Inspector General and its major
areas of responsibility including the performance of Information Systems Audits,
Management Advisory Services, Performance Audits, Financial Audits, Investigations, and
internal OIG administration.
Essential Duties:
Directs the mission and functions of the Office of Inspector General, including the
supervision of approximately twenty-five (25) employees in executing the duties of the
Office, which include, but are not limited to:

1)Providing audit, investigative, and advisory services to the House and other legislative
branch entities in a manner consistent with government-wide standards including periodic
audits of the financial and administrative functions of the House and other legislative
branch entities.
2)Informing House Leadership and appropriate House Committees based as outline in
House Rules concerning the results of audits, investigations, and advisory services.
3)Coordinating, compiling, and presenting an annual work plan for the Office of the
Inspector General to the Committee on House Administration for approval.
How to Apply
1) ALL applicants must submit a resume and cover letter on or before the closing date that
presents their knowledge, experience, and education and meet the position's
requirements.
2) Submit your resume and cover letter via email to House.Apply@mail.house.gov ONLY.
Reference our vacancy announcement ID, " IG-25-04 IS-HGOV”, in the Subject Line of your
email.
The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status),
sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin. Transportation and all
related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant. Moving and related relocation expenses are not available. Employment with
the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. All qualified candidates are encouraged to
apply

