Internship Openings
Week of April 14, 2025
MEM-120-25
The Office of Congressman Robert Garcia (CA-42) is hiring for a Paid Part-Time Press Intern
position as soon as possible to work in the Washington, D.C. office. The Press Intern works
closely with the communications team. Base salary is $18/h. Tues-Thurs in person 9:00 a.m. 2:00 p.m. and Mon & Fri remote 9:00 a.m. - 1:30 p.m. Flexible for the right candidate.
Primary educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily news clips.
• Drafting press releases and other written materials.
• Copy editing written materials.
• Maintaining press lists.
• Clipping committee remarks and cable hits.
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have previous intern
experience in communication with attention to deadlines.
All qualified applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are encouraged to apply.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Interested applicants should send a one
page resume, 1 sample press release, and 3 relevant sample tweets
to sara.guerrero@mail.house.gov, emily.kassner-marks@mail.house.gov,
and ethan.cesar@mail.house.gov with “INTERN APP: Full Name, Spring 2025” in the subject
line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-110-25
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democrats seek
two motivated and reliable students to fill two full-time Digital Media and Traditional
Press Intern positions this Summer. The intern responsibilities include, but are not limited

to, written content creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess familiarity with
programs such as Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well
as compiling and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn are a must. This position is an integral part
of the Communications Team and reports to the Communications Director. Candidates
with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply,
please send a resume, cover letter, and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-109-25
Summer Intern
House Committee on Natural Resources – Democratic Staff
The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time Interns for Summer
2025 (June 2 – August 1). Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable.
Above all, we seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural
Resources Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
eager to learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research, prepare
for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid
communications.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Assist with administrative duties
• Assist with legislative and policy projects
• Research legislation, regulations, and public law
• Assist with communications and outreach
• Respond to requests for information
• Attend briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and
concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations.
Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in
the U.S., and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems.
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work in-office when
Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a monthly stipend of
$3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military
status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable

accommodation to participate in the application or hiring process are encouraged to
request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
The application deadline is close of business on April 14. Interested candidates
should apply by visiting the House Natural Resources Committee Democrats’ website
at https://democrats-naturalresources.house.gov/internships.

