Member and Committee Openings
Week of March 24, 2025
MEM-108-25
Digital Assistant
Location: Charleston, South Carolina
Republican member in Charleston, SC is seeking a motivated Digital Assistant to support
our digital communications e9orts. This role will involve engaging with constituents
through social media, assisting in content creation, and helping manage the o9ice's online
presence. The Digital Assistant will work closely with the Digital Director to ensure the
o9ice’s social media strategy aligns with our values and priorities, while fostering positive
engagement with the community.
Application Process:
To apply, please send your resume, a brief cover letter, and any relevant social media or
content samples to sydney.long@mail.house.gov.

MEM-107-25
Scheduler|Executive Assistant – Rep. Nanette Barragán (CA-44)
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced Scheduler for her
Washington, DC o9ice.
The salary range for this position is $55,000 - $80,000, depending on experience and
qualiﬁcations.
Main responsibilities include:
• maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term schedules for both DC and the
District;
• organizing and evaluating all incoming meeting requests and invitations;
• keeping the Member on schedule throughout the day;

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

working with legislative and communications sta9 to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings;
coordinating travel arrangements;
processing and managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member;
supporting planning and scheduling for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus related
to the Chairwoman;
Facilitate weekly scheduling meetings with the Member and Chief of Sta9 to
evaluate meeting requests;
Coordinating with the Member and Chief of Sta9 regarding political scheduling
requests;
Communicating with constituents by phone and email to address requests;
Driving the Member and sta9ing the Member at events;
And additional administrative responsibilities as necessary.

Candidates should be:
• highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task;
• resourceful and self-starters;
• team-oriented;
• proﬁcient in Microsoft Outlook, Word, and Excel;
• proﬁcient in Google Suite applications;
• able to work well under pressure and on tight timelines;
• and have a positive attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including some
weekend availability as needed.
Previous experience in scheduling or operations is preferred. Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Southern California | Los Angeles Metro area ties, access to a car, and Spanish ﬂuency are
a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The o&ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-106-25
Congressman Ted W. Lieu has an opening for a Field Representative and Constituent
Services Representative in his West Los Angeles District O9ice. Primary responsibilities
include assisting constituents with federal casework and representing Congressman Lieu

at community events and advising senior sta9 and the Congressman about local concerns
and priorities. The sta9 member will assist the Deputy District Director for Casework with
casework outreach, intake, and processing. Additionally, they will meet frequently with
constituents and local government representatives, monitor policy and community issues
and projects, and help the Deputy District Director for Outreach by designing and
organizing events for Congressman Lieu when he is in the district.
The successful applicant must have a positive attitude and the ability to work and set
priorities in a fast-paced and challenging environment. Strong writing and verbal
communications skills are essential. At least one year of experience working for an elected
o9icial or community-based organization is strongly preferred. A valid California Driver
License and automobile are required. Bilingual skills are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal beneﬁts and the sta9 member will work full-time in
person at the District O9ice which is located in West Los Angeles. This o9ice is an Equal
Opportunity Employer.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, references and two short writing samples
no later than March 31, 2025 to:
NICOLAS RODRIQUEZ
Deputy Chief of Sta9 - District Director
Congressman Ted W. Lieu (CA-36)
1645 Corinth Avenue, #101
Los Angeles, CA 90025
Lieu.Sta9@mail.house.gov

MEM-105-25
The O9ice of Congressional Conduct (OCC), an independent, non-partisan investigative
entity established by the United States House of Representatives, seeks an Investigative
Support Analyst with 2-6 years of experience. The Investigative Support Analyst provides
operational, administrative, and strategic support to the OCC in its sensitive inquiries into
allegations of possible violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current
Members, O9icers and Sta9 of the House of Representatives.
The OCC is seeking candidates interested in supporting ethics and transparency within the
House of Representatives. The Investigative Support Analyst would join a small,
Washington, DC-based, investigative team.
The ideal candidate for this position is highly motivated and proactive with a signiﬁcant
interest in anti-corruption enforcement (or related disciplines). They should have
experience developing and implementing small-scale projects, using data analytics tools

to inform strategic decision making, and supporting executive leadership all with minimal
oversight.
Core Responsibilities:
• Assume primary responsibility for managing documentary evidence submitted to
the OCC from the public and in the course of its investigations;
• Perform legal research, data analysis, and document review to support OCC
investigations;
• Develop, manage, and implement key administrative, operational, and logistical
processes; and
• Otherwise support OCC Investigative Counsel investigations as required.
Requirements:
• Bachelor’s degree;
• Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance and
U.S. Capitol Police Background Investigation; and
• At least two years of research, consulting, analyst, or other investigative experience.
Qualiﬁcations:
• Experience with Casepoint or other eDiscovery and litigation support platforms;
• Legal research skills;
• Strong organizational skills;
• Strong interpersonal skills and professionalism;
• Advanced proﬁciency in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word;
• Desirable but not required:
o Investigative experience with high-proﬁle and sensitive matters;
o Experience with campaign ﬁnance or ethics law;
o Experience writing reports or legal documents;
o Experience developing and improving business processes; and
o Experience using data analytics tools (i.e., Excel, Power Query, R, Python) for
investigative and exploratory analysis.
• Demonstrated ability to:
o Work independently or as part of an investigative team;
o Communicate technical ﬁndings to a non-technical audience;
o Manage multiple tasks and projects; and
o Exercise discretion and independent judgment.
Duties:
• Gather publicly available information/records related to potential new matters
and/or ongoing matters;
• Conduct ongoing research and case development projects;
• Support Investigative Counsels on cases to include:
o Reviewing documentary evidence;

•

•
•
•
•

o Reviewing transcripts for errors and redactions;
o Reviewing written work product;
eDiscovery database management to include:
o Import/export evidence for internal review purposes and external transmittal
to the House Committee on Ethics;
o Bates stamp documents;
Prepare exhibits for ﬁnal reports;
Case records and ﬁle maintenance;
Supporting administrative functions directly related to investigations and serve as
backup for other administrative functions as needed; and
Other duties as required.

Applicant Instructions:
Please send a one-page cover letter and resume via email to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Sta9 Director and Chief Counsel
O9ice of Congressional Conduct
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCCJOB@mail.house.gov
Applications submitted to anywhere other than the above email address may not be
reviewed.

MEM-104-25
House Committee on Veterans’ AXairs (Majority)
Healthcare Investigator
The House Committee on Veterans’ A9airs Majority sta9 seeks a Healthcare Investigator
Core Responsibilities:
•

•

Under the supervision of the Sta9 Director of the Subcommittee on Health, the
individual will conduct oversight of the Department of Veterans A9airs (VA) Veterans
Health Administration and a9iliated VA Central o9ice organizations
Collect technical information and translate it into brieﬁngs, memoranda, hearing
materials, and policy recommendations for a general audience.

•
•

Meet with congressional sta9, veteran service organizations, industry organizations,
and internal and external stakeholders.
Perform other duties as assigned by the General Counsel, Committee Deputy Sta9
Director, and Committee Sta9 Director.

Qualiﬁcations:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Undergraduate degree or higher
Clinical expertise preferred by not required
Work experience investigating an executive branch agency or healthcare system
Knowledge of healthcare policy and procedures for a large healthcare organization
Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
Excellent oral communication skills
Thoroughness and attention to detail
Discretion and sound judgment in formulating and recommending policy positions
Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and
courteous
Work independently as well as in teams
This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
Domestic travel is required.
This is not an entry level position.

Beneﬁts:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Sick and Annual Leave
Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
Thrift Savings Plan
Federal Employees Group Life Insurance Program
Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Federal Transit Beneﬁt or parking
Student Loan Repayment Program

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Transportation and all
related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant.
How to Apply:

Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume
to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Healthcare Investigator” in the subject line.
Writing samples and references may be requested. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-103-25
Health Policy Advisor/ Counsel – Congressman Vern Buchanan (FL-16)
Congressman Vern Buchanan (FL-16) is seeking an experienced Legislative staXer/
Health Care Specialist to oversee his Ways and Means Health Chair policy portfolio.
Qualiﬁed candidates will have several years of experience handling health policy in a
legislative role on the Hill, the Administration or in the private sector, as well as substantial
knowledge of legislative process and committee procedures. Strong research, writing and
communication skills are also a must. All resumes handled in strict conﬁdence. Title and
salary commensurate with experience.
Email resume and cover letter to: blake.nolan@mail.house.gov

MEM-102-25
PROFESSIONAL STAFF MEMBER FOR FEDERAL LANDS
House Committee on Natural Resources – Democratic StaX
The Democratic sta9 of the House Natural Resources Committee (HNRC) Subcommittee
on Federal Lands seeks a Professional Sta9 Member (PSM) to play a lead role in planning,
coordinating, and executing the legislative and oversight agenda of HNRC Democrats. The
ideal candidate is a creative thinker with a sophisticated understanding of the
subcommittee’s jurisdiction, with a particular emphasis on the U.S. Forest Service and the
broader federal government's role in mitigating wildﬁre risk and adapting to a changing
climate. The successful candidate will possess a deep understanding of wildﬁre ecology,
climate science, forest management, and federal policy processes.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Working with the Subcommittee Sta9 Director to develop legislation and
recommend positions, strategies, and tactics on bills that exist within the
Subcommittee’s jurisdiction.
• Assisting with the progression of relevant bills with which Committee Members are
involved as they move from Committee to the House Floor.
• Preparing legislative memos, talking points, and reference materials for Committee
Members, their sta9, and Committee sta9.
• Developing and maintaining relationships with Committee Members, sta9, federal
agencies, non-governmental organizations, and other relevant stakeholders.

•
•

Updating Members and their sta9 with relevant news, schedule updates, and
meeting information.
Working with the Committee Outreach and Communications teams to proactively
promote committee activity and engage with relevant stakeholders on Committee
business.

Preferred qualiﬁcations:
• Demonstrates a clear understanding of the policies, laws, and politics of U.S. public
lands management. Demonstrates an understanding of the legislative process,
House organization and procedure, and the overall jurisdiction of HNRC.
• The strongest candidate will be able to prepare brieﬁng materials, questions, and
statements for hearings, markups, and other committee business and to develop
communications materials succinctly explaining the ongoing work of the
Subcommittee on Federal Lands.
• Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and concerns of
individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations. Understands how
HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in the U.S. and
has a passion for working to dismantle these systems. Contributes to recruiting,
hiring, developing, and retaining a diverse and inclusive workforce.
The position is based in Washington, D.C. The PSM will be expected to work in-o9ice when
Congress is in session and as needed. This o9ice is an equal opportunity employer; we do
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression,
national origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual
orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants
with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the application
or hiring processes are encouraged to request accommodations at any time during those
processes.
Compensation: Salary is commensurate with experience. The o9ice o9ers beneﬁts
including competitive options for health, dental, vision, and life insurance; retirement
match; student loan repayment program and transit/parking beneﬁts.
To apply, address your application materials to Brandon Bragato at
NRDems.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Federal Lands PSM
Application” by Monday, March 24. Please include a cover letter, résumé, and two
writing samples.

MEM-101-25
STAFF ASSISTANT
House Committee on Natural Resources – Democratic StaX

The Democratic sta9 of the House Natural Resources Committee is seeking a Sta9
Assistant to manage the day-to-day administrative operations of the Committee.
Candidates should possess exceptional organizational, time management and
multitasking skills; the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; excellent
written and oral communication skills; and ﬂexibility in assisting with daily tasks and
projects.
Speciﬁc duties include: answering telephones; receiving visitors at the front desk; tracking
and processing Committee correspondence; providing administrative support for
Committee hearings, markups and meetings; coordinating the Committee’s internship
program; serving as the O9ice Emergency Coordinator; assisting senior sta9 with
scheduling and other administrative tasks as needed; coordinating with Member o9ices
and assisting with outreach requests; supporting Member Services sta9 on special
projects; day-to-day tracking of Member requests, meetings, events, and projects; and
managing the Member Engagement calendar and contact lists.
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Salary is commensurate with experience. The
o9ice o9ers beneﬁts including competitive health, dental, vision, and life insurance
options; retirement match; student loan repayment assistance; and transit/parking
beneﬁts.
This o9ice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military
status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable
accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to
request accommodations at any time during those processes. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, address application materials to Rachel Jones at
NRDems.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “StaX Assistant Application”
by Monday, March 24. Please include a cover letter, résumé, and two writing samples.

MEM-100-25
Military Legislative Assistant (Rep. Tony Gonzales, TX-23)
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
1. to develop legislative initiatives related to a national security portfolio, including
cybersecurity, veterans, foreign a9airs, and armed services.
2. to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House ﬂoor;
3. to meet with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:

1. at least 1 year of legislative experience in a full-time, paid position or legislative
fellowship
2. prior Capitol Hill experience is strongly preferred
3. excellent oral and written communication skills;
4. thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
5. ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
6. ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
7. ability to work well under pressure;
8. thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted in
subject line.

MEM-095-25
Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks an experienced Communications Director to join
his o9ice in Washington, D.C. The Communications Director will be responsible for
developing and executing a communications plan, writing press releases, statements, and
talking points, maintaining relationships and booking interviews with national and local
press outlets, pitching stories, responding to reporter inquiries, creating and posting social
media posts, compiling news clips, managing the Member’s website, assisting with the
o9ices’ outreach program, and managing a district based Press/Digital Assistant, and other
duties as assigned. The Communications Director is expected to advance press events and
sta9 the Member as needed. The Communications Director will collaborate closely with
the Chief of Sta9, District Director, Legislative Director, and other sta9 as appropriate.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have previous communications
experience, possess exceptional writing skills, be proﬁcient in photo and video editing and
graphic design tools, and be organized. Candidates should be detail-oriented and highly
motivated to serve on an active team. Ideal candidates will have experience working in a
fast-paced environment and are prepared to implement a communications plan.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Rhode Island ties are a plus.
The o9ice does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital
or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national
origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
RI01AmoJobs@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name – Communications
Director.”

MEM-094-25
Rep. Vern Buchanan (FL-16) seeks Press Secretary/ Press Assistant
The o9ice of Congressman Vern Buchanan is looking for a Press Secretary or Press
Assistant who has excellent writing skills and the ability to craft creative digital
communications. The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work
closely with the Chief of Sta9 and legislative team to communicate the Congressman’s
policy goals.
Primary responsibilities include managing social media channels and o9icial o9ice
website, creating digital content, drafting press releases, newsletters and op-eds,
supporting a franked communications program and various other communications tasks
as required.
Strong writing, editing and proofreading skills are required. Florida ties and prior experience
on Capitol Hill are preferred, but not required. The position is based in the Washington,
D.C. o9ice. Title and compensation are commensurate with experience.
Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter and 2-3 writing and/or digital
content samples
to resumes.FL16@mail.house.gov and josh.gregory@mail.house.gov with “Press
Position – ‘First Name’ ‘Last Name’” in the subject line.

MEM-088-25
Senior Auditor Information Systems
The Senior Auditor Information Systems is responsible for the day-to-day accomplishment
of assigned audit tasks required in evaluating information systems activities of the U.S.
House of Representatives (House). All work is performed in compliance with the O9ice of
Inspector General (OIG) Policies and Procedures Manual and appropriate professional
standards. All duties are performed in the highest ethical manner, while exhibiting the OIG
Core Values of Integrity, Excellence, and Innovation.
Major Duties:
- Independently plan and perform audit objectives for information systems audits,
including audits of general and application controls and information system management
processes.
- Independently conﬁgure, use and design tests for audit tools (i.e. software and/or
scripts); test systems for vulnerabilities; analyze the data produced; and translate that
data into validated audit issues.

- Independently perform assigned audit tasks including, collecting and analyzing relevant
documents/data and performing complex analysis to identify potential audit issues,
causes, and solutions.
- Assess the risk and signiﬁcance to House systems/operations of issues identiﬁed from
assigned audit objectives.
- Conduct meetings, interviews, and brieﬁngs.
- Produce work products to include audit work papers and brieﬁng documents.
- Brief supervisors on work performed, audit issues identiﬁed, and any unexpected delays
or problems.
- Stay apprised of current audit techniques, issues, and trends in information systems and
systems security.
- Identify potential audit areas for the IS Division as part of the annual audit planning
process and write corresponding fact sheets.
- Contribute to improving the IS Division and the OIG o9ice through e9orts such as
identifying and implementing new and improved processes, techniques, and tools;
proposing process changes needed to implement improvements; sharing knowledge; and
providing assistance.
Other Duties:
- Propose personal training and development plans.
- Provide assistance to contractors as assigned.
- Participate in special projects and other tasks as assigned.
Requirements of the Position and Additional Information:
· Education:
- An undergraduate degree in a relevant ﬁeld such as Information Technology or Computer
Science, Management Information Systems, Cybersecurity, Accounting or Business
Administration (with IT Focus), Data Analytics or Data Science.
- 24 semester hours of accounting (may include up to 6 semester hours in business law) is
required.
- An applicable graduate degree or one professional certiﬁcation is required. Qualifying
certiﬁcations include: CISA, CISSP, CIA, and CRISC.
· Experience:
- At least 5 years of experience performing information systems audits, including audits of
general controls, application controls, and information systems processes.
- Extensive experience and knowledge of information systems, information systems
auditing, information systems security, information systems management, computer
operating systems, network protocols, and audit tools and techniques.
· Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities
- Knowledge of government auditing standards.
- Knowledge of risk assessment concepts.
- Knowledge and understanding of work management concepts.

- Ability to work non-standard hours, as needed.
- Ability to switch job priorities; overcome obstacles.
- Communicate complex ideas/facts clearly in a well-organized manner and actively
listen.
- Examine situations using facts; draw unbiased conclusions.
- Ability to display understanding, courtesy, respect, and tact in various interactions;
establish and maintain positive working relationships, contribute to organizational
e9ectiveness, and implement conﬂict management.
- Collaborate with others, facilitate achievement of goals, and share information and
provide assistance in team e9orts.
- Apply skills, methods, and tools, gather and analyze data.
- Execute processes/procedures required by the OIG Policies and Procedures Manuals.
- Demonstrate initiative when opportunities are made available.
- Inﬂuence others to maximize e9orts towards achievement of a goal.

Pre-employment Criminal History Records Check and ﬁngerprinting is required.
Drug testing-designated position. Pre-employment drug screening is required.
Relocation expenses will not be paid.
How Resumes Will Be Ranked:
Candidates whose resumes indicate they meet the education and professional
certiﬁcation requirements, and who also possess the knowledge and experience as listed
in this announcement will be given preference.
Beneﬁts of Working at the House of Representatives:
1. General Beneﬁts - U.S. House of Representatives sta9 are eligible to participate in the
various employee beneﬁts plans to which other federal employees are entitled. For
instance, Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts, Flexible Spending Account, Federal
Employees Life Insurance, Long-term Care Insurance, Thrift Savings Plan, Federal
Retirement Programs, etc.
Health Insurance: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/planinformation/plans/
Dental and Vision: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/dental-vision/
Flexible Spending Accounts: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/ﬂexiblespending-accounts/
Life Insurance: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/life-insurance/
Long-term Care: https://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/long-term-care/
Thrift Savings Plan: https://www.tsp.gov/index.html
Retirement Program: https://www.opm.gov/retirement-services
2. Leave accumulation. Prior federal service and work experience in a related ﬁeld are
considered when calculating an employee's rate of leave accumulation. (The Inspector
General has the discretion to grant credit to new employees, for leave accrual purposes,

for prior related non-federal work experience). All employees accumulate 12 days of sick
leave per year regardless of length of prior federal or non-federal service. Annual Leave is
calculated as follows:
- Less than 3 years of service/experience = 12 days annual leave per year
- Between 3 years and 6 years of service/experience = 18 days annual leave per year
- 6 or more years of service/experience = 24 days annual leave per year
3. Student Loan Repayment Program. Employees may be eligible for reimbursement of up
to $10,000 per year (with a maximum of $80,000 in total) for federally-backed student
loans.
4. Gym Membership. House employees are eligible for membership to the House Sta9
Fitness Center.
5. On-site daycare facility.
6. Flexible work schedule.
7. Eligibility for either free, on-site parking or an amount up to the Department of
Transportation monthly limit for mass transit beneﬁts.
Work Environment and Location:
The work is usually performed in an o9ice environment. Overnight travel is rare. The work
is primarily sedentary but there may be some walking in, to, and/or from House O9ice
Buildings, or other buildings and facilities of the Capitol Complex.
The O9icial Work Site for the OIG is the Capitol Complex, speciﬁcally the Ford House
O9ice Building. Telework/telecommuting may be available for sta9, depending on the
position and at the sole discretion of the IG, but only to the extent that the work is done
within the Greater Washington D.C., Maryland, and Virginia area.
ALL applicants must submit a resume and cover letter, on or before the closing date, that
clearly presents the applicant's knowledge, experience, and education to meet the
requirements of the position.
2) Submit your resume and cover letter via email to OIGResumes@mail.house.gov ONLY.
Reference our vacancy announcement ID, " IG-25-01 IS-HGOV”, in the Subject Line of your
email.
a. Do NOT send transcripts, copies of degrees or certiﬁcations, references, etc.
b. Do NOT send Veteran's preference* documents to the OIGResumes email address.
*FOR VETERAN'S PREFERENCE APPLICANTS ONLY: Hiring for this position is governed
by the Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA). Applicants who are seeking
consideration of veteran's preference should send a separate email directly to
Stanita.Thomas@mail.house.gov to request the form and instructions to apply for
veteran's preference in the U.S. House of Representatives. The completed veteran's
preference form and supporting documentation must be received by this o9ice on or
before the closing date of the vacancy announcement. For additional information on the
VEOA in the U.S. House of Representatives, please call Stanita Thomas at (202) 226-9210.
What To Expect:

When your email is received in the OIGResumes@mail.house.gov email inbox, the system
will generate an automated response acknowledging receipt of your email. Only
applicants selected for an interview will be contacted further.
Do NOT send resumes and cover letters or courtesy copies (cc) to
Stanita.Thomas@mail.house.gov.
U.S. citizens, nationals, or those that owe allegiance to the U.S are eligible to apply to this
posting. Other Requirements: Must be eligible for and maintain a minimum Secret security
clearance; Pre-employment Criminal History Records Check and ﬁngerprinting is required;
Drug testing-designated position. Pre-employment drug screening is required; and must
reside in or relocate to the Washington, D.C. area.

The O&ice of Inspector General is committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and
diverse work environment. All qualiﬁed candidates are encouraged to apply.
The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status),
sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin. Transportation and all
related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant. Moving and related relocation expenses are not available. Continued
employment with the Inspector General of the House of Representatives is contingent
upon satisfactorily completing a criminal history records check. Employment with the U.S.
House of Representatives is at-will.
NOTE: To be employed by a House o&ice in a paid position in the continental United States
an individual must:
1. Be a U.S. citizen;
2. Be lawfully admitted for permanent residence and seeking citizenship as outlined in 8
U.S.C. § 1324b(a)(3)(B);
3. Be (i) admitted as a refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157 or granted asylum under 8 U.S.C. §
1158 and (ii) have ﬁled a declaration of intention to become a lawful permanent resident
and then a citizen when eligible; or
4. Owe allegiance to the U.S. (i.e., qualify as a non-citizen U.S. national under federal law).
This is a Legislative Branch appointment. A current U.S. Federal employee selected for
hire from another branch (Executive, Judicial) of the U.S. Federal government must resign
from Federal service in their current branch to be appointed to a position in the Legislative
branch.

MEM-082-25
Field Representative
O9ice of Congressman Greg Steube (FL-17)
Location: Sarasota, Florida
Salary Range: $55,000 - $75,000 (commensurate with experience)
SUMMARY:
The Field Representative serves as a liaison between Congressman Steube and
constituents, including municipal, county, state, and federal entities, non-proﬁts, and
businesses. This role represents the Congressman at community events, facilitates
casework, and monitors district issues. The ideal candidate should have a strong
understanding of congressional operations and established ties to Southwest Florida.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
• Represent the Congressman at community events and meetings in Florida’s 17th
District, serving as the primary point of contact for local governments,
organizations, and stakeholders.
• Act as a liaison between constituents and the DC o9ice to facilitate federal policy
needs, funding opportunities, and legislative solutions.
• Manage constituent casework, monitor district issues, and support policy
discussions to ensure local concerns are e9ectively communicated and addressed
at the federal level.
• Assist with core district o9ice projects, including Service Academy Nominations
and the Congressional App Challenge.
• Occasionally answer o9ice phones and oversee junior sta9 and interns.
• Maintain and update records using the o9ice’s constituent relationship
management system (IQ).
• Work ﬂexible hours, including nights and weekends.
• Perform other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Education: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution.
• Experience: Minimum of 2 years, with strong academic credentials.
• Skills & Knowledge:
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Understanding of the legislative process and government agencies.
• Knowledge of district issues and events.
• Ability to manage multiple priorities and work under pressure.
• Proﬁciency in o9ice software and database management.
• Strong organizational skills and ability to exercise discretion in casework.
Please send resumes to ﬂoridarepublicanjobs@gmail.com

MEM-080-25
Texas House Member Seeks Legislative Correspondent
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to manage a robust constituent correspondence and outreach program;
QUALIFICATIONS:
• prior Capitol Hill experience, either in a full-time capacity or through an internship
• excellent writing skills and attention to detail;
• familiarity with Indigov or a similar CRM software;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• ability to work well under pressure
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted in
subject line.

MEM-076-25
Congressman Mike Flood (NE-01) seeks a Special Assistant for his Washington, D.C.
Office.
The primary responsibility of the Special Assistant is to transport the Member and other
staff members to meetings and appointments as necessary, deliver and pickup materials
for the office, staff the Member at various meetings, plan for and cater to various
constituents and VIPs in DC, and serve as a personal aide to the Member when he is in
Washington, DC. When the Member is in the district, the Special Assistant will assist the
Operations Team with special projects and other misc. tasks. Typical responsibilities may
include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Driving the Member and other sta9 members as required for their o9icial duties,
sometimes before or after typical business hours.
Driving the Member to and from the airport, sometimes before or after typical
business hours.
Deliver and pickup materials for the o9ice, including letters, packages, and
documents from other government agencies.
Working with the Operations Director to be aware of the Member’s schedule in order
to prepare the Member for his events/meetings.
Running errands and assisting the Operations Team with supplies and other misc.
administrative matters.
Assisting in sorting and delivering mail.
Sta9ing the Member at various meetings and events.
Catering to constituents and VIPs who happen to be in Washington, DC.

•

Serving as a personal aide to the Member, tending to various needs as they arise
while he is in Washington, DC.

The requirements for this position are:
•
•
•
•
•

•

•
•
•
•

Located in Washington, DC.
Regular, predictable and punctual attendance at assigned locations required for
performance of duties.
Ability to communicate e9ectively with the Member and o9ice sta9, Members and
representatives from other o9ices, outside organizations, and others.
Ability to work outside of traditional business hours as the Member’s schedule
dictates.
Ability to handle di9icult and sometimes tense interactions with members of the
public, including constituents, with tact while also prioritizing the well-being of the
Member.
Work is public-facing and requires frequent interaction with members of the public,
including constituents, in a courteous and tactful manner. Work requires extended
and unscheduled hours as dictated by the Member’s schedule and o9ice needs.
Must possess a valid driver’s license and have a good driving record. A personal
vehicle used to drive the Member is not necessarily required.
Regularly lifts and moves luggage, books, ﬁles, documents, and other o9ice
materials.
Must be able to prioritize and perform duties under pressure in a fast-paced
environment.
Regularly use typical o9ice equipment, software programs, and methods of
communication, including, for example, a computer, email, telephone, smartphone,
photocopier, fax machine, etc.

Nebraska ties are preferred but not required for application. Interested applicants may
submit their resume and cover letter to FloodHiring@mail.house.gov.

MEM-074-25
Press/Digital Assistant—Congressman Jonathan L. Jackson seeks a full-time
Press/Digital Assistant to work in his Washington, D.C. office. This position reports to the
Communications Director.
Responsibilities:
• Create and manage content for the Member’s social media platforms, including copy,
graphics, and videos
• Assist with drafting and circulating the Member’s newsletter, press releases, statements,
talking points, and speeches

• Work with the Communications Director to develop content and graphics for franked
communications
• Monitor news outlets and social media and compile press clips that mention the Member
• Maintain Chicago and D.C. press lists
• Handle photography and videography at D.C.-based events
• Assist with updating the website
Qualifications:
• Heart for public service and helping others
• Exceptional attention to detail
• Strong writing and creative skills
• Experience in graphic design and video editing
• An ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a friendly and
professional manner
• Chicago ties and experience in competitive districts are preferred but not required.
• Experience in Congressional offices of political campaigns preferred but not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer. Please submit a resume and brief cover letter
to Robert.patillo@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME - Press/Digital Assistant Application”
in the subject line. Please do not call or drop by the office.

MEM-072-25
Press Assistant - The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking a Press
Assistant to help execute the congressman’s communications strategy and plan.
Primary responsibilities include: drafting press releases and talking points, writing email
newsletters for targeted constituent coalitions, promoting the congressman’s district
events and engagements, maintaining the communications content calendar, overseeing
website management and updates, branding through graphic design and video/audio
editing, managing social media accounts and analyzing their performance metrics, and
maintaining the congressman’s photo and video database. They will work with the
communications director to find new ways to grow the congressman’s following, increase
his name ID in the district, and maintain synergy across communications materials.
A strong candidate will be a creative, proactive communicator familiar with social media,
the legislative process, website maintenance, as well as photography, graphic design, and
video editing. Excellent writing and organizational skills are required. An ability to multitask
and work under tight deadlines is necessary. Strong candidates will have previous
congressional or political communications experience; ties to Virginia are helpful but not
required. Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples to Julianne.Heberlein@mail.house.gov with “Press Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-071-25
Press/Digital Assistant - Congresswoman Kristen McDonald Rivet (MI-08) seeks a fulltime Press/Digital Assistant, based in her Washington D.C. office. This position reports to
the Communications Director.
Responsibilities:
• Create and manage content for the Member’s social media platforms, including
copy, graphics, and videos
• Assist with drafting and circulating the Member’s newsletter, press releases,
statements, talking points, and speeches
• Work with Communications Director to develop content and graphics for franked
communications
• Monitor mentions of the Congresswoman across news outlets and social media,
and compile press clips
• Maintain Michigan and D.C. press lists
• Handle photography and videography at D.C.-based events
• Assist with updating the website
Qualifications:
• Heart for public service and helping others
• Exceptional attention to detail
• Strong writing and creative skills
• Experience in graphic design and video editing
• An ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a friendly and
professional manner
• Michigan ties and experience in competitive districts are preferred but not required
• Experience in Congressional offices of political campaigns preferred but not
required
Salary: $55,000 per year
The o9ice is an equal-opportunity employer. Please submit a resume and brief cover
letter to tom.grandon@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME - Press/Digital Assistant
Application” in the subject line. Please do not call or drop-by the o9ice.

MEM-063-25
Congresswoman Maxine Dexter, M.D. (OR-03) seeks a creative, proactive Digital/Press
Assistant in her Washington, D.C. o9ice. This is a full-time position.

The Digital/Press Assistant reports to the Communications Director and will play a crucial
role in executing the o9ice’s strategic communications plan, speciﬁcally in executing the
o9ice’s social media and digital communications.
This position requires a comprehensive understanding of social media trends, superior
writing skills, considerable experience with photography, graphic design, and video editing,
and the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment. Oregon ties are a
plus but not required.
This o9ice is an equal-opportunity employer committed to developing an organization that
is reﬂective of the district that we serve. The o9ice does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
Key Responsibilities:
• Develop and implement the o9ice’s digital and social media strategy; create and
maintain a consistent stream of digital content for member’s social media
platforms and website; includes rapid response
• Assist with drafting newsletters, press releases, talking points, scripts, opeds/letters to the editor, newsletters, and other written materials
• Film and edit videos for social media, including Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, etc.
• Develop and update website content
• Create/maintain press lists
• Clip TV appearances, ﬂoor speeches, and other video content for social media.
• Other tasks as needed
Salary range is $60,000-70,000.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, 2-3 digital samples, mail
to:OR3Resumes@gmail.com. and with the subject line “Digital/Press Assistant - [Your
Name]” to OR3Resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-523-24
The Democratic Staff of the House Budget Committee and Ranking Member Brendan F.
Boyle (PA-02) seek a creative and detail-oriented Digital Assistant to support digital
communications and public engagement efforts. This position will be split between the
committee office and personal office and will be based out of Washington D.C.
This position involves creating and scheduling content for social media platforms,
maintaining the committee’s website, producing multimedia materials (graphics, videos,
and infographics), and monitoring digital analytics to optimize outreach. The ideal
candidate will have 1-3 years of experience in digital communications, social media

management, or a similar role (Hill or campaign experience preferred), proficiency with
design and editing tools (e.g., Adobe Creative Suite, Canva), strong writing and editing
skills, and a passion for progressive policymaking.
Candidates should be highly organized, comfortable working under tight deadlines, and
familiar with social media analytics and website content management systems. A
bachelor’s degree in communications, political science, or a related field is preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and the position includes a competitive benefits
package.
This office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values mentorship and
professional development; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status. Candidates with diverse backgrounds,
women, people of color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, email a cover letter, resume, three examples of digital content, and contact
information for three references to budget-democrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with the
subject line: "[Name] – Digital Assistant Application." Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis.

MEM-517-24
Congresswoman Susie Lee (D-NV) seeks a highly organized, good-humored, hard-working
DC Scheduler to develop, coordinate, and manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and
long-term schedule and logistics in DC. The DC Scheduler will report to the Chief of Staff
and work closely with the Member, DC staff, and District staff, including a District-based
scheduler responsible for in-district scheduling. This is not an entry-level role; prior
scheduling experience is preferred, and salary will be commensurate with experience.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and
scheduling requests, coordinating travel for the Member, compiling the Congresswoman’s
nightly briefing materials, and managing office operations, including but not limited to
facilitating Member meetings and calls, coordinating internal and external events,
assisting with onboarding and training for staff and interns, and other administrative
duties. Responsibilities will also include providing staffing support, including driving the
Congresswoman as needed. Strong candidates will be creative problem solvers, have
excellent attention to detail, communicate succinctly and effectively, and thrive in a fastpaced work environment. The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under
pressure, and the flexibility to be responsive to urgent scheduling needs on nights and
weekends.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,

sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Candidates should submit in PDF format a resume, cover letter, and three references
(including name, title and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the
candidate) to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name – DC
Scheduler.”

