Internship Openings
Week of January 27, 2025
MEM-034-25
The Office of Congressman Morgan McGarvey is looking for an Intern to serve in our
Washington, DC office from March 17 through May 16.
The objective of the internship program is for interns to gain as much experience as
possible throughout their tenure and feel connected to all staff and constituents they
interact with. Interns should leave the program with substantial knowledge of how a
congressional office works, why the U.S. House of Representatives is important, and how
the federal government functions overall. It is also important for the interns to leave with a
staff-approved resume and writing sample.
An intern's main responsibility will be leading tours of the Capitol for constituents,
answering the phones, helping research legislation, and assisting staff with miscellaneous
tasks as needed.
All interns will be paid, have the opportunity to receive course credit, and must be able to
commit to at least 20 hours a week for 10 weeks.
To apply for our DC office, send your resume, a cover letter, two references, and a short
writing sample (less than 500 words) to Halpin.Burke@mail.house.gov. Please send all
application materials as one PDF document with the subject line:
“Last Name, First Name- Spring 2025 Internship”
Individuals must be eligible to be paid by the United States Government to qualify for this
internship, this includes meeting employment eligibility requirements for the U.S. House of
Representatives (see www.house.gov/employment for more) and ability to present proof of
valid work authorization in accordance with the Immigration Reform Act of 1986.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity and
expression, marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic
protected by applicable law.

MEM-020-25
Congressman Troy E. Nehls’ (TX-22) Washington, D.C oeice is currently seeking qualiﬁed
individuals who have a passion for federal policy and America First priorities to serve in his
Washington, D.C. oeice for the Spring of 2025. This internship provides students with a
ﬁrsthand understanding of our nation’s legislative process. Interns will contribute to the
daily operations of the oeice. Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors,
answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, attending brieﬁngs and hearings,
performing legislative research, and assisting both legislative and communications stae.
Those interested should send their resume and cover letter
to andreas.schnabel@mail.house.gov with "Spring 2025 Internship" in the subject line.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis with a target start date of February 5th, 2025.
Texas ties are preferred but not required.
Hours:
Full-time interns will work 9:00 AM to 5:00PM when out of session, 8:30 AM – 6:00 PM when
in session Monday through Friday to meet the full-time rate. Accommodations may be
made for students who attend classes during the work week or those with other
commitments.
Stipend:
This is a paid internship. Please include availability, previous experience and information
about yourself and your education. Full stipend is oeered to interns available to work
during regular hours of operations. Stipends vary for part-time interns depending on
availability/hours per week working.
Transportation Accommodations:
The U.S. House of Representatives oeers transportation full transportation reimbursement
should interns utilize WMATA’s Metro system for their commute. Interns will receive
instructions on attaining any oeered reimbursement.

MEM-018-25
Congresswoman Suzan DelBene, representing the 1st Congressional District of
Washington state, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District oeices. Interns will
work in a fast-paced congressional oeice, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of
the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls,
assisting stae with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with
constituent correspondence. Kirkland, WA interns will have the opportunity to attend
community events and tours with the Congresswoman and stae. Washington, D.C. interns

will have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
brieﬁngs for the legislative stae.
Qualiﬁcations: The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral
communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in
public service. Washington state ties are a plus but are not required.
Apply: To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample (1 to 2
pages) through this form.
The deadline for Summer 2025 Internship Applications is 11:59 PM on February 24,
2025.
Due to a high volume of applications, you will only be contacted if you are selected for an
interview. This oeice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identiﬁcation,
family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or walk ins - please email internship.delbene@mail.house.gov with any
questions or concerns.

MEM-017-25
The Oeice of Congressman Brian Mast (R-FL-21) is currently accepting applications for
unpaid internships at the Washington, DC member oeice during the spring 2025 term. This
internship will run from early February through May.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting stae with
administrative duties, projects, legislative research, and drafting constituent
correspondence.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a general
understanding of the legislative process, and possess strong written and oral
communication skills. Florida ties are not necessary but preferred. The internship schedule
is ﬂexible for college students if needed.
Interested applicants should email their resumes and a brief writing sample to
joseph.harrington@mail.house.gov. Please use the subject line “LASTNAME - Spring 2025
internship.”

MEM-001-25
The Democratic Stae of the U.S. House Select Committee on Strategic Competition
between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party seeks qualiﬁed
undergraduate students and graduates for paid internships beginning as early as January
20th.
This position is hybrid (in-oeice and remote).
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting Committee stae in preparing for
congressional hearings, conducting legislative research, providing support to
investigations, drafting memoranda, and performing other policy and administrative tasks
as necessary.
Interns play a key role in the oeice and will work closely with Committee counsel and stae.
Our ideal candidates are organized, committed, and eager to join a fast-paced environment
and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in particular, the role that
congressional committees play in the federal legislative process.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, research and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure in a
team environment.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. A
background and/or interest in subject areas related to the People’s Republic of China is
strongly preferred. Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one
writing sample (two pages max.) to SCCDems.resumes@mail.house.gov.
Please put “Spring 2025 Intern Application” in the subject line. In your cover letter, please
indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes.

