Internship Openings
Week of August 4, 2025
MEM-264-25
The office of Congressman Mike Kelly (R-PA-16) is currently accepting applications for his
Washington, D.C. office for full and part-time interns for the fall internship session. The
start date would be as early as August 18th (flexible depending on availability) with a
flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and have access to transit
benefits. This internship will allow students and young professionals invaluable experience
working to advance the nation's legislative process. Duties include (but are not limited to):
greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, attending briefings and
hearings, performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
If you are interested, please email your resume to JP.Moreland@mail.house.gov

MEM-261-25
The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns with our DC
office for the Fall session. The internship would begin mid-August and may last until
around December.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge over the day-to-day
happenings within Congress. Additionally, interns co-currently enrolled in an accredited
university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an ideal fit for any student that is
interested in politics, law, or government – however, any interested student is encouraged
to apply! Interns will assist the legislative staff by conducting policy research, answering
phones, leading tours, and helping with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•
•
•
•

Be a current undergraduate or graduate student or have recently graduated.
Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
Have strong communications and writing skills.
Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.

North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should address
their application materials to Katonya Pettaway at Interns.NC03@gmail.com. Applications

should include a cover letter, resume, and what the individual’s internship schedule may
look like.

MEM-260-25
Congressman Andrew Clyde’s Washington, D.C. office, is looking for fall semester
internship candidates. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course
schedules, but generally run 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00
a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer
phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend
hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.
Interested applicants should send resume to : cole.rogers@mail.house.gov

MEM-259-25
The Office of Rep. Angie Craig (MN-02) is hiring a press intern to work in our Eagan,
Minnesota office. The press intern will work directly with the communications team and be
part of day-to-day communications operations, while also performing administrative tasks
in the district office.
Primary responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily afternoon news clips
• Taking photos and filming video content at the Congresswoman’s district events
• Assisting with drafting social media posts when the Congresswoman is in the
district
• Answering phones
• Logging constituent voicemails and mail
• Fielding casework requests
• Other assignments as needed
Experience with digital photography, social media, video editing and graphic design are
preferred, but not required.
Applicants must also indicate their weekly availability from September 1st through
December 30th. Applicants with 20-25 hours/week of availability, spread across the work
week are preferred.

Please submit a combined PDF of your resume, one writing sample, and two digital
work samples (i.e. graphic or video) to repcraigpress@mail.house.gov
The office of Representative Angie Craig is an equal opportunity employer; the office does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our office encourages candidates of diverse
backgrounds to apply. Minnesota ties are a plus.

MEM-258-25
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable digital media intern this fall. Interns will be responsible for content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and other press and administrative tasks as
assigned. Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, and Canva. Proficiencies in additional programs are a
plus.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment is a must. Candidates will be
expected to work in-person in Washington, DC, with opportunities for remote work during
Congressional recesses. Full-time and part-time Candidates with diverse backgrounds
and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume, digital
portfolio, and your availability this fall to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-256-25
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated candidates for a paid
internship for the Fall 2025 Semester in our D.C. office.
Interns in our D.C. office will have the opportunity to witness the legislative process and
the inner workings of Capitol Hill first-hand. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
answering constituent phone calls, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the United States Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the
needs of the Congresswoman's staff. The internship will run from September through
December, from 9 am-6 pm when Congress is in session and from 9 am-5 pm when
Congress is not in session.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills, prioritizes
professionalism, is a dedicated team player, and has a friendly persona. Ties to Nevada's
First District are a plus, but not required. The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,

sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
How to Apply:
Interested applicants should fill out the form below and include a cover letter, resume, and
short (1-2 page) writing sample. Applications will be accepted until Friday, August 8th, on a
rolling basis. No calls or drop-ins, please.
https://airtable.com/appvhTtUVUvgCTTsi/shrTW2qpRrf8JhjVp

MEM-255-25
The Office of Congressman Jim Costa (CA-21) seeks a highly motivated and creative
Digital/Press Intern to join a fast-paced communications operation based in Rep. Costa’s
Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2025 intern class. This is a paid internship role at a
$17.50 hourly wage.
This internship program prides itself on its educational aspects. Press interns will immerse
themselves in fast-paced press operations and learn the ins and outs of a congressional
communications shop. They will have an opportunity to learn and engage on various digital
platforms while learning how to connect people to policy.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and digital skills to assist with
time-sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing
software, such as Adobe, Canva, and Photoshop. Candidates with experience in a press or
digital media role (including internships) are preferred but not required. California or
Central Valley ties are a plus. The intern will be under the supervision of the
Communications Director and Internship Coordinator.
Internship Responsibilities
• Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant with drafting social media
content, e-newsletters, targeted mailing, and website content.
• Edit photos and create engaging graphics in line with the Congressman’s brand.
• Clipping, editing, and compiling videos.
• Assist with the creation and maintenance of press lists.
• Compile daily press clips and reports about social media analytics.
• Other office tasks such as answering phones, drafting correspondence, conducting
tours, and other duties as required.
Internship Dates and Details:
Fall internships will start in late September 2025 and go until the end of December 2025,
with some flexibility. Interns are expected to work in compliance with the office's regular
hours of operation. Our office cannot accommodate remote or hybrid internships at this
time.

Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, August 15.
Apply: Interested applicants should fill out the internship application via our website:
Internships | Congressman Jim Costa (house.gov)
(https://costa.house.gov/services/internships), specifying in their application their desire
to be a press intern for the 2025 Summer Cohort.
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. The Office of Rep. Jim Costa is an equal opportunity
employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment.
Contact: Please reach out to our intern coordinator, Grant Menolascino, with any
questions regarding the application process at Grant.menolascino@mail.house.gov.

MEM-252-25
The Office of Congressman Nick Langworthy (NY-23) is seeking intern candidates in our
Washington, D.C. Office for Fall 2025.
Successful applicants will be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work ethic, and
interact well with constituents. In addition, applicants should have a strong interest in the
legislative process and the function of Congress. New York ties are preferred but not
required.
Internship duties may include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
• Attending Congressional hearings and policy briefings
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House
• Helping the communications team
• Conducting tours of the US Capitol for constituents
• Other projects as assigned by staff
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter to justin.pavonarius@mail.house.gov
with the subject line “Fall 2025 Internship Application.”

MEM-241-25
Fall Internship
Ideal candidates will be organized, detail-oriented, and passionate about public service.
Applicants should have excellent communication and writing skills.
Key Responsibilities Include:
- Assisting with front office operations

- Answer constituent letters and phone calls
- Attend hearings and briefings related to the Congressman's portfolio
- Research legislation for the Member and legislative staff
Internships are in-person, paid, and run from August through December with flexible start
and end dates.
To apply, visit https://messmer.house.gov/forms/internships. Applications will be
accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-239-25
The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly motivated,
proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications team. Applicants must
be available to begin in mid-August. Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and
positive work ethic, pay attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have solid
writing and editing skills. Preferred applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and
are willing to perform and follow through on a wide variety of tasks. A monthly stipend is
available.
Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
Position can be in person or hybrid
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and
graphic sample to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com.

MEM-237-25
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Fall 2025 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island office, to start at the beginning of September. Duties include, but
are not limited to:
-Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the Member office to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;

-Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
-Assists Member and key staff (e.g. Staff Assistant, Press Assistant, Constituent Services
Team) with logistical and administrative duties;
-Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response;
-Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
-Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at local events;
-Accompanies district staff to public forums, meetings, and events as a representative to
the Member.
Applicants should apply on our website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-236-25
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Law Clerk
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs seeks a law clerk for
the fall 2025 semester. The law clerk will work with Democratic staff on various research
projects, legislative activities, and oversight efforts.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Conducting research,
Drafting memos, letters, and other written materials,
Attending briefings and hearings,
Assisting with Committee events, and
Completing other tasks as assigned.
Qualified candidates will be second- or third-year law students who have a demonstrated
interest in public service, Congress, or veterans policy. Candidates for this position must
have superior organizational skills, a strong work ethic, ability to pay close attention to
detail, as well as excellent research, writing, and analytical skills. Additionally, the ability
to excel in fast-past environments and a willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
The Committee strongly encourages veterans, minorities, women, people with disabilities,
LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU and MSI students to apply.
This paid, full-time or part-time, in-person position is based in Washington, D.C.
Candidates should submit their application, including a resume and cover letter through
the online application accessible at https://democrats-veterans.house.gov/opportunities.
The deadline to apply is 5 p.m. on Wednesday, August 6, 2025. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-233-25
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2025 term. Interns
will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process first-hand and the
many functions of a Congressional office. The Press and Digital Intern will help build
out the Congresswoman’s digital and social media presence, with heavy emphasis on
creating engaging social media content and graphics.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills to assist
with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video
editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. Press Intern responsibilities will vary but may
include answering phones and data entry. Washington DC interns may be asked to assist
in researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending briefings,
hearings, and markups; and answering constituent letters on various issues.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official website
and complete the application form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part
of the application, a cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to
California’s 7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on
a rolling basis. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate
based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status.

MEM-232-25
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Sacramento) offices
for the Fall 2025 term. Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the
legislative process first-hand and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data entry.
Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation for the Member
and legislative staff, attending briefings, hearings, and markups; and answering
constituent letters on various issues. Interns based in California may also be asked to
assist on a variety of constituent casework or in-district projects, as needed.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official website
and complete the application form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part
of the application, a cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to
California’s 7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on
a rolling basis. All applications are considered on a rolling basis. This office is an equal

opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age,
ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family status, or military
status.

MEM-231-25
Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns to work in
his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2025 term. Intern responsibilities include
corresponding and communicating with constituents, researching policy, legislative
analysis, guiding Capitol building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend
Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a
positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Those interested should send their resume and cover letter
to grayson.donnellan@mail.house.gov & brianna.garcia@mail.house.gov. Applications are
reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible
and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class schedules. This is a paid position
and is competitive with that of other offices. Rate of pay will depend on hours worked and
duration of internship. State ties preferred but not required.

MEM-225-25
Congresswoman Angie Craig (MN-02) is seeking interns for the Fall 2025 term in her
Washington D.C. and Eagan offices.
The D.C. internship will run approximately from August 25th, 2025, through December
17th, 2025, with some room for flexibility. The Eagan internship will run approximately from
September 29, 2025, through January 27, 2025, with some room for flexibility. All interns
are paid a stipend and provided with the necessary technology for their work. Schedules
are flexible to accommodate course schedules and academic programs; however, a
minimum availability of 20-25 hours per week is highly preferred.
Interns in the Washington, D.C. office will focus on researching legislation, attending
hearings and constituent meetings, answering constituents’ phone calls, logging and
drafting constituent correspondence, and assisting legislative and communications staff
members on various projects. Interns in the Eagan office will focus on constituent
casework, answering constituents’ phone calls, community outreach and research, indistrict event planning, and assisting the outreach, casework, and communications staff
members on various projects.
All interns will have the opportunity to work with staff in both offices over the course of the
internship and the program is tailored to fit interns’ policy interests and career goals.
Interns will learn about the legislative process, learn about all the different functions of a

congressional office and gain hands-on professional experience while serving the
constituents of Minnesota’s Second Congressional District.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident and
effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong writing skills.
They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with the general public.
Application Instructions:
- To apply for an internship in either the MN or DC office, please email a combined PDF of
your resume and one-page cover letter to craig.internships@mail.house.gov. Please
format your email subject line as “FirstName.LastName – District Office Internship" OR
"FirstName.LastName – DC Office Internship" to specify which office you are applying for.
- Please include your weekly availability between the hours of 9:00am and 6:00pm in your
cover letter and confirm that you will be available for in-person work.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds to
apply. Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,
disability, age, or protected veteran status.
For Fall 2025 internships in the D.C. office, applications must be submitted no later than
6pm ET on Wednesday, July 23rd.
For Fall internships in the Eagan office, applications must be submitted no later than 10am
ET on Monday, August 25th.
Late submissions will not be considered nor accepted. If you have any questions regarding
the application process, please email craig.internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-223-25
The Office of Congressman Pat Harrigan (NC-10) is currently seeking interns with our DC
office for the Fall 2025 session. The internship would begin August 11th and last until
December 19th (flexible on start and end dates).
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge over the day-to-day
happenings within Congress. Additionally, interns co-currently enrolled in an accredited
university will receive a monthly stipend.
Qualified candidates should:
Be a current undergraduate or graduate student or have recently graduated.

Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
Have strong communications and writing skills.
Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
Interested candidates should address their application materials to
Gabby.Bartley@mail.house.gov. Applications should include a resume and what the
individual’s internship schedule may look like.

MEM-221-25
The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and selfmotivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to apply for its
paid, full-time internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal election policy
and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of Representatives with oversight of
several offices within the Capitol Complex, including the Chief Administrative Officer,
Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms,
U.S. Capitol Police, and other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress,
Government Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand
knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-today administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for
assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight,
research, assisting with phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties. Administrative tasks
include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail, entering data, and drafting
correspondence. Legislative support includes performing research, drafting public
statements, prepping materials for hearings, attending hearings and briefings, reaching out
to agencies and other congressional offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov

MEM-219-25
Congresswoman Sara Jacobs offers in-person internships in both her San Diego and
Washington, D.C. offices. These internships provide young adults with the opportunity to
learn more about the inner workings of a congressional office and to experience the
legislative process and constituent and community outreach first-hand.

If you would like to be considered for an internship in our DC office, please email your
resume, cover letter, and a 1 page writing sample to
SaraJacobs.DCintern@mail.house.gov
Please no direct emails, phone calls, or walk-ins regarding the status of your application.

