Internship Openings
Week of September 29, 2025
MEM-326-25
Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks press and legislative interns for his Washington,
D.C., office for the Winter or Spring 2026 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students, graduate students,
and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of a Congressional office and the
legislative process. Interns should have a general understanding of the U.S. political
system, value open communication, be eager to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be an educational
experience. Internships are offered for either academic credit or a stipend. Internship
applicants must be high school graduates. Current students and recent graduates will be
given first priority for the internship program.
Legislative intern responsibilities include:
• Attending committee hearings and congressional briefings,
• Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
• Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.
Press intern responsibilities include:
• Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press Secretary in
drafting and editing social media content, digital graphics, and other digital
materials,
• Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
• Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks, as directed.

Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic familiarity with graphic
design and video editing. Submission of a sample graphic or similar communications work
with your application is strongly encouraged.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover letter, resume,
three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf file, with the file name including
internship class, year, last name, and first name (i.e. Spring2026.Doe.Jane.pdf) to
CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by November 15. Please specify whether you are
applying for the press internship or the legislative internship. Applicants with strong ties to
the 49th District are given preference.

MEM-323-25
Fall D.C. Internship with the Office of Congresswoman Bynum
The Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-05) is seeking a full-time intern to join
our office in Washington DC. Preferred start date in early October with availability to work
through the end of 2025.
DUTIES:
• Handle incoming correspondence with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
• Assist Member and key staff with logistical and administrative duties;
• Update the office’s legislative tracker and perform research on legislative measures;
• Attend briefings and hearings, conduct research, and draft correspondence and
memoranda;
• Partner with communications team to create speeches, social media posts, and talking
points.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• College student in good academic standing;
• Good oral and written communication skills;
• The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and compassion;
• Problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and use good judgement;
• Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please fill out the internship application on our website:
https://bynum.house.gov/services/internships

Please select “Fall” to the question regarding “Desired Session.” Applications will close on
October 3, 2025.
NOTICE:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-322-25
Representative Jim Baird (IN-4) is seeking internship applicants for Spring 2026 in the
Washington, DC and Danville, IN district offices. This is a paid, in-person, invaluable
opportunity to experience the legislative process hands-on through a wide range of tasks
and responsibilities providing support with office administration, communications, and
legislative work.
Responsibilities may include answering phones, greeting office visitors, sorting mail,
conducting legislative research, attending hearings and briefings, giving tours of the U.S.
Capitol, directing constituents to the appropriate offices and agencies, assisting
communications staff with press releases and social media, drafting constituent letters
and certificates, accompanying staff to meetings and events throughout the district, and
assisting with constituent casework.
The ideal candidate should have strong oral and written communication skills, be detail
oriented, motivated, and flexible, and address all work with a positive attitude.
Prior constituent or customer service experience, a demonstrated interest in public
service, and District/Indiana ties is preferred.
The internship will run from early January to mid-May and can be full-time or part-time to
accommodate educational commitments.
Interested applicants should apply and upload a resume through the website at:
https://baird.house.gov/services/internships.htm.
Any questions can be directed to baird.intern@mail.house.gov.

MEM-320-25

Congressman French Hill (AR02) seeks interns to serve in his offices in Washington, D.C.,
and Arkansas. We are currently recruiting for Congressional internships as well as
communications focused internships.
Interns will work in a fast-paced office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the
legislative process and the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include (but are not
limited to) interacting with Arkansans and other visitors, conducting legislative research
and writing, drafting communications materials, and assisting Arkansans with matters
before the federal government.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events
and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Social media and
other communications experience are a plus.
Successful interns will be self-starters, listen to and take direction, and be willing to work
both independently and as part of a team.
Interested individuals should send a resume, cover letter, and 2 references to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov
For more information, please call (501) 324-5941 or (202) 225-2506 and ask for the Intern
Coordinator.
If your institution uses Handshake, the Congressional Intern application can be found
here. The Communications Intern application can be found here. If your institution uses
LinkedIn, the Congressional Intern application can be found here. The Communications
Intern application can be found here.

MEM-319-25
D.C. Internship Opportunity: Office of the Representative Joseph D. Morelle
The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting applications for
an internship during the 2026 Spring term. Applicants must be based in Washington, D.C.
for the duration of the spring internship (mid-January to early May, subject to change).
Full-time paid internships run Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House
Calendar). Part-time internships are scheduled to accommodate students’ course
schedules, as well as the needs of the office. Part-time interns can expect to receive either

pay or academic credit. Interns must be a U.S. citizen and legally eligible to work for the U.S.
federal government.
Washington, D.C. Internship Responsibilities
Interns in the Washington, D.C. office play an important role in the daily operations of the
office and gain firsthand experience in the legislative process.
Core Responsibilities (all interns)
All interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing other
inquiries
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting constituent
letters
• Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team
• Assisting with day-to-day office work and other duties as delegated by members of the
staff
• Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the Rochester office
• Other administrative tasks as assigned
Additional Responsibilities (by focus area)
Each semester, interns have the opportunity to take on additional duties based on office
needs and individual interests. These may include responsibilities in Communications,
Scheduling, or Correspondence:
Communications Interns may:
• Compile daily press clips and monitor media coverage of issues relevant to the Member
• Draft press releases, media advisories, and statements under staff guidance
• Assist with social media content creation and scheduling
• Help update the office website and other digital platforms
• Maintain press contact lists and track media inquiries
• Support logistics for press events and prepare briefing materials for interviews or
appearances
Scheduling Interns may:
• Assist with processing and tracking incoming invitations to the Member
• Confirm details and logistics for meetings, events, and travel
• Help maintain the Member’s calendar and coordinate with district staff as needed
• Prepare briefing materials for scheduled events or meetings

• Support logistics for events, including visitor coordination and follow-up
• Assist with schedule adjustments, conflicts, and communications
Correspondence Interns may:
• Track and organize inbound constituent correspondence
• Draft responses to constituent letters on legislative issues and policy questions under
staff supervision
• Research issues raised by constituents to inform responses
• Assist the Legislative Correspondent in preparing reports summarizing constituent
concerns and trends
Throughout the semester, interns will learn about the operations of a congressional office,
congressional communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should
possess excellent written and verbal communications skills, a strong attention to detail, the
ability to succeed in a fast-paced work environment, and a good sense of humor. New York
State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one document within the application
form listed below:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• Writing sample (ex. policy memo, short essay, etc.) (max. 2 pages)
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college graduates.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.
To apply for the Spring 2026 D.C. Internship, please fill out the google form found here: Spring 2026
D.C. Internship Application Google Form. Our office will be accepting applications on a rolling basis
until October 17th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit their application early.

MEM-318-25
Internship Opportunity: Office of the Representative Joseph D. Morelle
Rochester, NY

The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY, will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Spring Semester 2026.
Applications will be accepted September 24th, 2025 – October 17th, 2025.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Completing constituent calls
• Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations
• Day-to-day office work
• Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the D.C.
office
• Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case work
or work on District-based projects of importance
Interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office, congressional
communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students and current graduate students.
For more information on the district internship please
visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
To apply for the Spring 2026 District Office Internship, please fill out the google form
found here: Spring 2026 DO Internship Application Google Form. Our office will be
accepting applications on a rolling basis until October 17th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants
are encouraged to submit their application early.

MEM-317-25

The office of U.S. Congressman Jeff Van Drew (R-NJ-02) is currently accepting applications
for part and full-time interns for the spring internship session. The start date would be as
early as January 6th (flexible depending on availability) with a flexible end date around the
middle of May. This is a paid internship with a monthly stipend as well as transit benefits.

The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with our
nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the office and are
expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times. Duties include (but are not
limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, opening
and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various other
tasks to assist staff.

If interested, please email a resume and cover letter to nj02internships@mail.house.gov
Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re applying for a fall internship and format the
files as [Full Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter]."

MEM-316-25
Spring Intern Office of Representative Dan Meuser(PA-09)
The Washington D.C office of Congressman Dan Meuser is seeking interns for the Spring of
2026. Interns will gain a strong understanding of the functions of a congressional office and
firsthand experience with the legislative process. Internship start and end dates are flexible
and part time internships are available for students. Full time hours are Monday-Friday
9:00-5:00. This is a paid opportunity with a monthly stipend and reimbursement for Metro
commute.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, assisting with
constituent correspondence, conducting legislative research, leading Capitol tours,
attending hearings and briefings and drafting memos. Applicants should be detail oriented,
able to work well in a fast-paced environment, have strong oral and written communication
skills and an interest in public policy. Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to: Kieran.Patch@mail.house.gov.

MEM-310-25
Fall 2025 Committee on House Administration Internship
The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and selfmotivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to apply for its paid,
full-time internship program. The Committee on House Administration maintains

jurisdiction of federal election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House
of Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex, including
the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the House, House
Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and other legislative branch
entities like the Library of Congress, Government Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian
Institution. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about
the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are
responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups),
oversight, research, assisting with phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties. Administrative tasks
include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail, entering data, and drafting
correspondence. Legislative support includes performing research, drafting public
statements, prepping materials for hearings, attending hearings and briefings, reaching out
to agencies and other congressional offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.

MEM-309-25
Congressman French Hill (AR02) has Communications internship positions available for
the Spring 2026 term in both his DC and Little Rock offices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of
the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping central Arkansans. Intern
responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, assisting staff with
administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, and assisting with correspondence.
Interns should have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral
communication skills. Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters, take and
listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as
a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred. This
internship will focus on communications in a Congressional and governmental setting but
will include other responsibilities as outlined above.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates. The
office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply, please send a resume cover letter, and 2 references or letters of
recommendation to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov indicating which location you are
applying for. Applications should be submitted by October 12 but will be accepted on a
rolling basis until all positions are filled.

If you have any questions, you can contact the office for additional information at (202)
225-2506.

MEM-308-25
Congressman French Hill (AR02) has internship positions available for the Spring 2026
term in both his DC and Little Rock offices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of
the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping central Arkansans. Intern
responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, assisting staff with
administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, and assisting with correspondence.
Interns should have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral
communication skills. Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters, take and
listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as
a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates. The
office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply, please send a resume cover letter, and 2 references or letters of
recommendation to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov indicating which location you are
applying for. Applications should be submitted by October 12 but will be accepted on a
rolling basis until all positions are filled.
If you have any questions, you can contact the office for additional information at (202)
225-2506.

MEM-306-25
The personal office of Congressman Brian Mast (FL-21) is accepting applications for
unpaid internships in Washington, DC for the fall 2025 term. This internship will run from
now until winter with flexible start and end dates.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting staff
with administrative duties, communications projects, legislative research, and drafting
correspondence letters.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a general
understanding of the legislative process, possess strong written and oral communication
skills, and display strong interpersonal skills. Florida or district ties are not necessary. The
internship schedule is flexible for college students if needed.

Interested applicants should email their resumes, cover letters, availability, and ideal
timeframe to shelly.ballaish@mail.house.gov and david.casimes@mail.house.gov . Please
use the subject line “LASTNAME - Fall 2025 internship.”
Please note that while Congressman Mast serves as Chairman of the Foreign Affairs
Committee, this is a role in the Florida-based office, so an interest in the Congressman’s
domestic portfolio and priorities are a must.

MEM-303-25
Background:
The Office of Congressman Carlos A. Gimenez (FL-28) is hiring paid interns for the Fall
2025. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter to the
Congressman’s website before the end of the month. Applications will be reviewed once
received, and our office will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview
process.
Expectations:
Interns serve important roles for the office by providing support with office administration,
communications, and legislative research. Interns will have the opportunity to work in
various areas (e.g., communications, constituent services & administrative support,
District operations, legislative) and duties as assigned.
Duties:
• Processes incoming and outgoing communications to track and follow up on
requests by staff and constituents.
• Conducts research and drafts responses to constituent correspondence to address
key issue areas.
• Opens, sorts, and distributes mail and other messages to ensure the office can
respond to all inquiries in a timely manner.
• Partner with the legislative staff to draft responses to constituent inquiries on an
array of issue areas.
• Assists with constituent flag requests, tours of the Capitol, and arranging visits to
other national landmarks.
Qualifications:
• Pursuing or completed a Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education
and experience.
• Prior constituent service or customer relationship management experience is
preferred.
• A demonstrated interest in public service.
• Bilingual in English and Spanish preferred, not required.

Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume to
https://gimenez.house.gov/internships and email chase.stephens@mail.house.gov.

MEM-295-25
Congressman Michael Rulli (R-OH) is seeking interns for his Washington, D.C. office for
the upcoming semester. This internship offers students an opportunity to gain firsthand
experience working in a Republican congressional office and learn about the legislative
process in the U.S. House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include:
•

Answering phones and greeting visitors

•

Assisting with constituent correspondence and casework

•

Conducting U.S. Capitol tours

•

Attending briefings and hearings

•

Assisting legislative staff with research and memos

•

Supporting communications and administrative tasks

•

Qualifications:

•

Strong written and verbal communication skills

•

Professionalism and attention to detail

•

Ability to work in a fast-paced environment

•

Interest in public policy, government, or related fields

•

Ohio ties are preferred but not required

Details:
Location: Washington, D.C. – Cannon House Office Building
Schedule: Full-time and part-time positions available (flexible with academic calendars)

Compensation: Internships are unpaid; academic credit may be arranged through your
university
Application Materials: Resume and Cover Letter
How to Apply:
Please send your resume and cover letter to brooklyn.souza@mail.house.gov
with the subject line: Internship Application – [Your Name].

MEM-292-25
The Office of Congressman Wesley Hunt (TX-38) is currently seeking candidates for the
Fall 2025 District Office Internship. Internships are full or part-time and in-person at our
Houston, TX, or Tomball, TX offices. Ties to the District are preferred but not required.
The fall internship program runs from September through December. The internship is
flexible in the number of hours per week, but a minimum of 15-20 hours per week is
mandatory. Intern hours are five days a week from 9:30 AM to 4:00 PM CT.
Duties
The district office internship will allow participants to experience a fast-paced environment
within the district. District intern's responsibilities will include answering phones,
conducting research, assisting with events throughout the district, and various other tasks.
Interns will learn about the crucial work a district office does.
Qualified applicant requirements
Ideal candidates will be hard workers, detail-oriented, efficient multitaskers, and
comfortable interacting and speaking with the public. Successful internship candidates
should:
• Be at least 18 years of age.
• Be working towards a bachelor’s or master’s degree.
• Demonstrate an interest in politics and public service.
• Possess highly competent time management skills.
• Possess effective teamwork, professionalism, flexibility, and communication both
written and verbal skills.
• Have the ability to complete assignments with limited guidance.
How to apply
Interested candidates should submit a cover letter describing why they're interested in
working as an intern in a congressional office. Experience that applies to being an intern in
the district office should also be included. Our office also requires a resume that highlights
relevant experience related to the position.
Interested applicants should:
1. Fill out an application at the following link: https://hunt.house.gov/services/internships
2. At the end of the form upload both the cover letter and resume

Please be advised that only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
No drop-ins please.

