Member and Committee Openings
Week of May 5, 2025
MEM-145-25
The Office of Congressman Himes seeks an exceptionally well-organized Scheduler or Operations
Director with strong oral and written communication and excellent interpersonal skills.
Applicants must have the ability to multi-task, a positive attitude, and the ability to thrive in a fastpaced environment. The ideal scheduler possesses a strong work ethic, excellent attention to
detail, the ability to work well with different teams and the ability to keep calm under pressure.
Responsibilities include developing, coordinating and managing all aspects of the Member’s daily
and long-term schedule in D.C. and Connecticut, as well as tracking, evaluating and responding to
invitations and scheduling requests.
The scheduler also coordinates all travel for the Member and staff, files travel receipts and works
closely with the Member as required on other necessary tasks. This position works closely with the
rest of the senior staff team to ensure smooth daily schedules and operations.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous scheduling experience required and 1-3 years of prior
work experience desired. Applicants who have worked in fast-paced operational roles or have prior
scheduling experience or in executive assistant positions are preferred. Prior Capitol Hill
experience, Connecticut ties, and good sense of humor are all plusses. Salary and title
commensurate with experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color,
age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation,
or gender identity or expression.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to CT04.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “Scheduler/Operations.”

MEM-144-25
The Office of Congressman Josh Gottheimer seeks a Press Secretary in his Washington, D.C.
office. Applicants must have exceptional writing skills, attention to detail, and an ability to manage
competing demands and deadlines.

Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
1. Managing the Congressman’s digital media;
2. Creating and posting social media posts;
3. Producing graphics and editing photos and videos;
4. Drafting press releases, statements, and talking points;
5. Compiling daily press clips; and
6. Managing the Member’s website.
Candidates with New Jersey ties are preferred. This office is an equal-opportunity employer.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To Apply: Interested candidates should apply by sending resume and cover letter
to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Press Secretary Application: Last Name” in the subject line.”
This is not an entry-level position; at least 2-3 years of full-time, post-graduation professional
experience in press and digital communications or a related field is required (internships do not
count toward this requirement). Candidates should be aware that this position will require frequent
evening and occasional weekend work.

MEM-143-25
Title: Chief Clerk
First Line Supervisor: Deputy Staff Director
Second Line Supervisor: Staff Director
Duties/Responsibilities:
1. Timely notices of all committee events, including hearings, meetings, markups, and round
table discussions per House and Committee rules.
2. Prepares hearing room for all Committee hearings, meetings, markups, and round tables,
including preparation of materials for members, the court reporter, and media.
3. Clerks all committee hearings, meetings, and markups
a. Records member attendance
b. Records votes on the electronic system
c. Runs monitors (currently with AMX remote)
d. Maintains HVAC gavel sheets (Majority only)
4. Manages committee repository in compliance with the House Rules, including:
a. Uploads legislation for markups
b. Uploads all hearing documents, including witness lists, testimony, legislation,
biographies, and truth in-testimony statements

5. Committee Transcripts – Orders transcripts from the Official Reporter and sends them to
members and witnesses for correction.
6. Track the transcript and printed hearing status of all hearings by maintaining the chart in the
printer’s folder.
7. Remains current on House Rules and rule changes relating to the clerk’s duties.
8. Maintains HVAC Committee Member lists for the Full Committee and Subcommittees.
9. Maintains HVAC LA and Scheduler lists for the Subcommittees and Full Committee.
10. Maintains all email distribution email lists.
11. Provides a summary of all legislative action from all markups to the Committee Digest
(committee.digest@mail.house.gov).
12. Serves as liaison to the House Recording Studio for audio in Hearing Rooms and AMX
remote to run hearing room monitors.
13. Prepares all organizational materials or members at the start of a new Congress.
14. Archiving – Responsible for ensuring the Committee complies with all archiving
requirements, including:
a. Responsible for maintaining and organizing all legislation referred to the
Committee.
b. Responsible for maintaining and organizing all bills reported from subcommittees
and the full Committee.
c. Prepare all committee documents for depositing in the National Archives at the end
of each congressional year.
15. Creates and maintains an HVAC Clerks Handbook explaining the clerical duties and
procedures.
16. Provides front office support on phones and greeting visitors.
17. Supervises the Staff Assistant and operation of the front office.
18. Performs other duties as assigned
Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Excellent communication skills
Strong organizational skills
Attention to detail
Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills
Knowledge of the legislative process
Knowledge of House record-keeping requirements
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
Punctual

Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance

•
•

Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of Representatives is
an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color,
national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation
and all related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, references, and three writing samples to
VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Chief Clerk” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-142-25
Staff Director, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, House Committee on
Veterans’ Affairs
Core Responsibilities:
• Serve as the principal advisor to the full Committee Chairman, subcommittee Chairman,
and Republican Members for issues under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Provide in-depth policy analysis and political strategy for issues that fall under the
jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Lead and supervise the implementation of the Subcommittee’s legislative initiatives
including the formulation, drafting, introduction, passage, negotiation, and enactment of all
legislation under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Plan for and supervise the Subcommittee staff in the organization of, and preparation for,
hearings, to include but not limited to, the determination of the agenda, briefing of
witnesses and Members, and drafting remarks and questions for the Chairman.
• Conduct informational and oversight meetings with Administration officials, including
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and other agencies, Veteran Service Organizations,
non-profit organizations, industry experts, and veterans on all issues under the jurisdiction
of the Subcommittee.
• Plan and supervise implementation of the Subcommittee’s oversight agenda of issues
within its jurisdiction, including sending requests for information, writing oversight letters,
conducting oversight visits, reviewing document productions, cultivating sources of
information, determining the veracity of information received, and other oversight
measures, as needed.
• Build relationships with internal and external partners, including Veteran Service
Organizations, member offices, industry, and contacts within VA and other government
agencies to promote and enact the legislative and oversight agenda of the Subcommittee,
and that of the full Committee Chairman.
• Represent and discuss the full Committee or Subcommittee Chairman’s views at various
conferences and speaking events.
• Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Stan Director, or
Deputy Stan Director; as needed.

Minimum Qualifications:
• Bachelor of Arts or Science
• This is not an entry level position.
• At least ﬁve to seven years of relevant policy or oversight experience. Experience on Capitol
Hill or knowledge of veteran policy is desired but other experience will be considered.
Required Skills:
• Ability to lead and mentor Subcommittee stan
• Team oriented
• Ability to establish working relationships
• Strong writing and editing skills
• Problem solving
• Strong verbal communication
• Ability to work well under pressure
• Attention to detail
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
• Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of Representatives is
an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color,
national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation
and all related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, three professional references to
VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Oversight and Investigations Staff Director” in the subject
line. In your cover letter please indicate what you believe are the three most pressing challenges
facing the Department of Veterans Affairs. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-141-25
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT
Congresswoman Nydia Velázquez (NY-07) is hiring an Executive Assistant for the Washington,
D.C. office. Responsibilities include driving the member (must own a vehicle and possess a valid
driver’s license) and front office tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, managing

constituent mail program, maintaining both digital and paper records and files, and other duties as
assigned. Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, an
ability to work collaboratively, strong interpersonal skills, and remain flexible and calm under
pressure.
Please submit a cover letter and resume to 1execasst@gmail.com with the subject line “Executive
Assistant Application 2025.” No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-140-25
Senior Legislative Assistant, Rep. Tony Gonzales (TX-23)
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to develop legislative initiatives relevant to the Member's position on the House
Appropriations Committee and the Committee on Homeland Security;
• to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House ﬂoor;
• to meet with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• at least 2 years of legislative experience in a full-time, legislative position
• prior Capitol Hill experience is strongly preferred;
• excellent oral and written communication skills;
• thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• ability to work well under pressure;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted
in subject line.

MEM-139-25
Press Assistant/Press Secretary, Rep. Tony Gonzales (TX-23)
The Office of Congressman Tony Gonzales seeks a Press Secretary or Press Assistant in
his Washington, D.C. office (title and pay commensurate with experience). Applicants
must have exceptional writing skills, attention to detail, and an ability to manage
competing demands and deadlines.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Managing the Congressman’s digital media.

•
•
•
•
•
•

Coordinating the creation of print and digital advertisements;
Creating and posting social media posts;
Producing graphics and editing photos and videos;
Drafting press releases and weekly newsletters;
Compiling daily press clips; and
Managing the Member’s website.

QUALIFICATIONS:
Candidates with Texas ties are preferred.
This is not an entry-level position; at least 1-2 years of full-time, post-graduation
professional experience in press and digital communications or a related field is required
(internships do not count toward this requirement).
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted
in subject line.

MEM-138-25
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE COUNSEL
U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
COMMITTEE ON ETHICS
Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for the position of Counsel in the Financial Disclosure office. The Committee’s
financial disclosure counsel is responsible for reviewing and certifying a large volume of
Financial Disclosure Reports, providing legal advice on financial disclosure related
matters, providing education and training to Members of Congress and their staff through
frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product. This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and
refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate sensitive matters that arise
before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable:
government ethics, ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment management,
taxation, corporate finance, and securities law. The salary range for this position is
$136,780 and $145,604 per annum. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing
sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-135-25
DC-Based Scheduler and Office Manager
The Office of Representative Sharice Davids (KS-03) is seeking a DC- based
Scheduler/Office Manager to coordinate the Representative’s schedule and manage
overall operations in the DC office.
Candidates must have exceptional organizational skills, attention to detail, and an ability
to manage competing demands and deadlines. Candidates must handle conflicting
requests, anticipate the needs of the Member, and exercise sound and efficient judgment
when scheduling meetings, events, and travel. Candidate must have strong
communication skills. Capitol Hill or other relevant administrative, operations, or
scheduling experience is strongly preferred. Kansas ties are a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Maintaining and managing the Member’s daily and long-term DC and district schedule,
including coordinating with District staff.
• Responding to all incoming meeting and scheduling requests.
• Coordinating closely with appropriate legislative or communications staff to ensure
efficient delivery of the Member’s briefing materials.
• Coordinating travel and booking flight, train, and lodging reservations for the Member and
staff as needed
• Communicating key information and scheduling changes to the Member, staff, and
effected stakeholders in a timely and efficient manner
• Coordinating with Caucus, Leadership, and Committee staff to efficiently coordinate the
Member's schedule while the House is in session
• Provide operational support to the office, including time-off requests, office supply
needs, tech management, and other duties, to ensure staff is supported.
• Work closely with Chief of Staff and Financial Admin to ensure compliance with annual
budget.
• The position requires flexible, non-traditional working hours and availability by phone as
needed.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s Degree preferred. Capitol Hill or other relevant administrative, operations, or

scheduling experience is strongly preferred. Kansas ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and three references to
ks03.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Full Name – DC Office Scheduler".
Applications will be processed on a rolling basis.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status. Women, people of color, and other
members of underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-134-25
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff (minority) seeks an
enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized Staff Assistant for fast-paced committee
office.
Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front office such as receptionist duties,
answering phones, greeting visitors, ensuring that office and meeting rooms are kept in
order, supporting staff in preparations for committee events such as hearings, markups,
meetings, and events, training and supervising interns, handling and sorting incoming mail,
maintaining both digital and paper records and files, maintaining office supplies and
mastering basic equipment operations, assisting other staff with research, work product,
web content, special projects, and other duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills,
attention to detail, professionalism, exceptional time management skills, and an ability to
work collaboratively.
Our office deeply values the diversity of our employees and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Hill experience preferred but not required.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, references, and a short writing sample to
ecdjobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant Application 2025.” No
phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-131-25
The Office of Congressman Jimmy Panetta (CA-19) seeks candidates for an open
Scheduler/Director of Operations position. Prior experience with scheduling for a
Member of Congress or scheduling for a political campaign is preferred, but scheduling for
a similar organization will be considered.

Ideal candidates possess attention to detail, ability to handle a fast-paced environment,
and strong communication and organizational skills. Responsibilities include maintaining
Member’s daily and long-term schedule in Washington, working with stakeholders to
balance the Member’s time, evaluating incoming meeting requests and invitations,
coordinating domestic and international travel arrangements, and performing other
administrative and operational duties.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Please send a resume, cover letter, and
references in a single PDF document with “Scheduler/Director of Operations” as the
subject line to ca19.jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-130-25
Title: Inspector General
Office: Office of the Inspector General
Close Date: 05/14/25
Salary: $212,000 - $217,000
The Inspector General is accountable for the evaluation of internal controls and
organizational structures, as well as determining the extent and quality of conformance
with policies and procedures within the House. In collaboration with the Deputy Inspector
General, provides executive management to the Office of Inspector General and its major
areas of responsibility including the performance of Information Systems Audits,
Management Advisory Services, Performance Audits, Financial Audits, Investigations, and
internal OIG administration.
Essential Duties:
Directs the mission and functions of the Office of Inspector General, including the
supervision of approximately twenty-five (25) employees in executing the duties of the
Office, which include, but are not limited to:
1)Providing audit, investigative, and advisory services to the House and other legislative
branch entities in a manner consistent with government-wide standards including periodic
audits of the financial and administrative functions of the House and other legislative
branch entities.
2)Informing House Leadership and appropriate House Committees based as outline in
House Rules concerning the results of audits, investigations, and advisory services.
3)Coordinating, compiling, and presenting an annual work plan for the Office of the
Inspector General to the Committee on House Administration for approval.

How to Apply
1) ALL applicants must submit a resume and cover letter on or before the closing date that
presents their knowledge, experience, and education and meet the position's
requirements.
2) Submit your resume and cover letter via email to House.Apply@mail.house.gov ONLY.
Reference our vacancy announcement ID, " IG-25-04 IS-HGOV”, in the Subject Line of your
email.
The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status),
sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin. Transportation and all
related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant. Moving and related relocation expenses are not available. Employment with
the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. All qualified candidates are encouraged to
apply

MEM-129-25
LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR - The Washington, D.C. Office of Rep. Lauren Underwood (D-IL),
Ranking Member of the Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee and Co-Chair of
the Black Maternal Health Caucus, is hiring a Legislative Director.
The Legislative Director works with the Member and other senior staff to lead development
and implementation of her policy, legislative, and appropriations strategy, managing a
legislative team of 6-8 staff, fellows, and interns while also covering a small individual
portfolio of legislative issues. Primary responsibilities for this role include:
- developing and advancing the Member’s policy priorities through the legislative and
appropriations processes;
- overseeing operations of the legislative team;
- developing high-quality memos, remarks, committee materials, and other briefing
materials for the Member/office;
- supporting the press team on policy-related communications;
- working with the district team to support their work and address constituents’ policy
concerns;
- monitoring activity on the House Floor and the Member’s committee(s) and working
with the legislative team to develop vote recommendations;
- building and maintaining positive and effective relationships with district, D.C., and
national stakeholders and advocacy organizations;
- proactively tracking relevant state and local policy changes and working with local
officials;
- overseeing the office’s constituent correspondence program; and
- other duties and special projects as assigned.

This is not an entry-level role. Candidates should have deep expertise in policy, legislative
drafting and procedure, and congressional appropriations, as well as at least one year of
professional experience managing direct reports. Essential skills include an expert-level
working knowledge of Congress; strong oral and written communication skills, including
rigorous editing and fact-checking; excellent attention to detail; the ability to execute on
multiple deadlines and tasks in a fast-paced environment; strong interpersonal and
relationship-building skills; the ability to make quick decisions when advising a principal; a
proven track record navigating complex constituent and political situations; and the
responsiveness and professional demeanor to represent the office well to a wide range of
communities. Candidates with a background in health policy are encouraged to apply.
Please note that candidates must be available for occasional weekend and evening work
to support the Member when the congressional schedule requires.
The annual salary range for this position is $100,000 - $110,000, dependent on experience
and qualifications. The position offers health coverage; comp time; telework opportunities
during congressional recesses; retirement benefits with an employer match; paid sick,
bereavement, and vacation leave; transit or parking benefits; 16 weeks of paid parental
leave; 12 weeks of paid FMLA leave; access to life insurance coverage; professional
development opportunities; and access to the Student Loan Repayment Program.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please email Underwood.DCJobs@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director” in
the subject line and the following application materials attached as one combined PDF:
(1) Résumé
(2) Cover letter
(3) 2-3 professional references including name, current title and organization, phone
number, email, and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference. We
will not reach out to these references without your permission.

MEM-121-25
The bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus is seeking an experienced Communications
Director to join its office in Washington, D.C. The Communications Director will be
responsible for developing and executing the Problem Solvers Caucus’ communications
strategy.
Responsibilities include writing press releases, pitching stories and responding to reporter
inquiries, creating and posting social media content, booking interviews with national and
local press outlets, writing internal and external newsletters, compiling press clips,
managing the caucus’ website, and other duties as assigned.

This is not an entry-level position.
The ideal candidate will have prior experience working on Capitol Hill, excellent written and
oral communications skills, and be proficient in photo and video editing and graphic
design. They will also be detail-oriented, organized, and highly motivated to serve on a
small, collaborative team.
This is a bipartisan office, and candidates must be comfortable working for both
Democratic and Republican Members. To apply, please email a resume, cover letter, and
two writing samples in a single PDF to problemsolverscaucus@gmail.com with the subject
line “Communications Director.”

MEM-127-25
Press Secretary/ Digital Director
Pennsylvania Republican is looking for a Press Secretary/Digital Director to join a fastpaced, media-heavy communications team in the D.C. office.
This position reports directly to the Communications Director and is ideal for a highly
motivated individual who excels in a high-energy, deadline-driven environment. The right
candidate will have strong writing and editing skills, experience in digital content creation,
website editing, and the ability to quickly adapt to the fast-moving political landscape.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Assist the Communications Director in drafting and editing press releases,

statements, floor speeches, and op-eds
• Draft the Member’s weekly newsletters
• Manage the Member’s social media pages—draft posts, create graphics, and keep
engagement growing
• Clip media interviews and monitor mentions
• Update and maintain content on the Member’s official website
• Assist Communications Director with media prep for interviews and other public
appearances
• Keep the Member informed of breaking news and media coverage
• Assist in executing the Franking plan
Prior experience on Capitol Hill is preferred but not required. To apply, please send a
resume to PaPressSecJob@gmail.com.

MEM-126-25
The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director. The LD will
drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing and implementing the
strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals; supervise and mentor the legislative
staff while advising on the Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own
legislative portfolio with the Agriculture Committee.
The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior leadership team
to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall operations. The LD will also help
ensure coordination between DC and district offices on important legislative updates and
district-based events and projects. This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill
experience and knowledge of the legislative process are required. The successful
applicant will have crisp and thorough written and oral communications skills, an
entrepreneurial and self-starting attitude, strong attention to detail, creativity, and be a
team player. Supervisory experience and expertise on agricultural policy is strongly
preferred. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or sexual
orientation.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to
nc12.resume@mail.house.gov. Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or
other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as
candidates with North Carolina ties. Due to the volume of applications, we receive, we will
only contact you if we decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct
emails, or walk-ins.

MEM-125-25
Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR) is seeking a Press Assistant/Deputy Press
Secretary in her district office to join an aggressive, fast-paced communications team. The
ideal candidate will have excellent writing, editing, and photography skills. Additionally,
they will assist the Communications Director in drafting releases, talking points, speeches,
and quotes for in-district press events, maintaining press lists, distributing daily press
clips, and staffing the Member at district-based press events. Strong proofreading and
copyediting skills are a must. This role primarily assists the Communications Director with
drafting outgoing communications. Candidates seeking to join a highly active press team
across national, local, and digital media with opportunities for growth are encouraged to
apply.
Essential Job Functions:
• Assist the Communications Director with drafting press releases, quotes,
statements,

•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•

speeches and talking points.
Compile and distribute daily press clips.
Help identify and cultivate relationships with local reporters and content creators in
the district.
Stat and manage reporter interactions with the Member at OR-based press events;
Work with the District Otice and Digital Manager to publicize constituent services
and
events.
Manage live-streaming and photography at OR-based press conferences and
events.
Support the District Otice with events.
Work well under pressure and with quick turnarounds

This is a full-time position based in district that often requires availability on nights and
weekends to support the Member’s communications plan and District Office operations.
The position requires attention to detail and strong written and oral communication skills
along with the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment. Spanish
fluency is a plus but not required. The salary range for this position is $55,000-$60,000,
depending on experience, with full benefits including up to $833/month in student loan
repayments; health, dental, andvision insurance; and both defined-benefit and definedcontribution retirement plans.
Please email a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples in a single PDF
to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with “First Name Last Name—Press Assistant/Deputy
PressSecretary” in the Subject Line. Applicants may also provide one example of their
digital designwork and/or photography (this is optional but not required). Applications will
be accepted on a rolling basis. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status, or any other characteristic protected by
applicable law.

MEM-123-25
CASEWORKER AND FIELD REPRESENTATIVE

The Caseworker / Field Representative manages incoming casework requests with care,
promptness and high-touch constituent service; and monitors and updates the Deputy
Chief of Staff on district and local issues. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district,
and local agencies for the Congressman and constituents and answers casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents in a timely and
professional manner.

Salary: $60,000 per year
Reports to: Director of Constituent Services & Deputy Chief of Staff
Primary location: Brooklyn District Office (Sunset Park, Brooklyn NY)
Submit your resume and cover letter to jobs.goldman@mail.house.gov.
Subject line should note: Your Name - Caseworker / Field Rep
Essential Roles & Responsibilities:
• Acts as the representative for the Congressman within the area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
• Manages casework assigned to them.
• Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the Deputy Chief and Director of Constituent Services
• Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to city and state otices.
• Logs all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework.
• Prepares periodic reports for the Director of Constituent Services on pending cases
and for the Deputy Chief on district activities in their assigned issue areas.
• Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner.
• Maintains up-to-date ﬁles on all cases and categories of information of importance
to the otice.
• Serves as a liaison to community boards, precinct councils, and other community
groups.
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the otice.
• Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, stat, and
constituents.
• Works well under pressure and handles stress.
• Works a ﬂexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
• Performs other duties as assigned.
• Qualiﬁcations:
• A minimum 1 year in a government otice in a similar role.
• Bilingual (Spanish language) skills strongly preferred.
• Candidate Attributes:
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner.
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is
involved; Professional telephone manner.
• Ability to perform the essential job functions above.

•
•
•
•
•
•

Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities.
Work with compassion, empathy and patience for constituents.
Knowledge of otice policies, practices, and procedures.
Knowledge of otice computer applications; and
Proﬁciency in word processing.

The office of Congressman Dan Goldman is committed to diversity among its staff and
recognizes that the success of its operations requires the highest commitment to
obtaining and retaining a diverse staff. We are an equal opportunity employer and prohibit
discrimination in employment, promotion, compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges
of employment on the basis of gender, physical and or mental disability, race, age,
national origin, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family status,
religion, veteran’s status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
MEM-122-25
The office of Representative Maxwell Frost (D-FL) is seeking a dynamic and creative
individual to join our communications team as a Creative Director. This is a fast-paced,
progressive environment with a forward-thinking principal who is not afraid to try new
things. This office prides itself on fostering a collaborative work environment where
creativity, teamwork, and an outside-the-box approach are highly valued. A passion for
digital strategy, visual storytelling, and innovative political communication is a must. This
is not an entry-level position.
The Creative Director will work closely with and report to the Communications Director to
help shape and execute the visual and digital strategy for the Representative’s publicfacing and internal initiatives, and offer strategic digital insight and assistance related to
the Member’s leadership role as part of the Democratic Policy and Communications
Committee. This role will manage the day-to-day operations of the office’s design work and
digital content, including but not limited to graphic design, social media assets, digital
video, website visuals, and email campaigns.
Key Responsibilities:
Digital Strategy & Creative Leadership -- Lead the development and execution of innovative
digital strategies to elevate the Representative’s presence on social media, websites,
email campaigns, and other digital platforms. Ensure that all creative work is aligned with
the office’s values and goals.
Graphic Design & Visual Communication -- Design high-quality graphics for digital and
print materials, including social media assets, infographics, posters, digital ads, and more,

all in line with the Member’s existing branding and style guide. Expertise in the Adobe
Creative Suite is required.
Content Creation & Coordination -- Collaborate with the Communications Director,
Legislative and District teams, and Member to create compelling multimedia content. This
includes coordinating the production of graphics, videos, and other creative content for
various platforms – from ideation to creation.
Media Buys & Metrics & Evaluation -- Make strategic suggestions for paid communications
campaigns on various digital platforms and assist in tracking the effectiveness of creative
strategies, using data and feedback to iterate and improve future content. Monitor the
performance of digital content across platforms, adjusting strategies as needed.
Artist & Influencer Relations -- Collaborate with the Communications Director help
maintain and establish relationships with artists and digital thought leaders and content
creators through strategic partnership opportunities aimed at advancing the Member’s
policy and legislative initiatives. Our office is uniquely plugged into local and national
music and creative arts issues so a passion for this is a plus.
Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

At least 2-3 years of experience in creative or digital strategy, with a focus on graphic
design and content creation.
Prior experience working in political campaigns, progressive causes, or government
otices is preferred.
Advanced proﬁciency in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign,
After Etects, Premiere Pro) and other design tools.
Strong understanding of digital platforms and the role of design in social media,
online engagement, and web communication.
Experience with digital video production and editing.
Ability to juggle multiple projects and work under tight deadlines in a fast-paced,
team-oriented environment.
Strong attention to detail and a keen eye for visual storytelling and design.
Florida and Orlando ties are a plus.

Compensation:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Salary range is $70,000 -$90,000, commensurate with experience.
Health, dental, and vision beneﬁts.
Generous paid leave, including vacation, sick days, and parental leave.
Generous student loan repayment program.
Retirement plan options.
Opportunities for professional development and training.

To Apply:
Visit repfrost.us/CreativeDirector

MEM-119-25
Congresswoman Luz Rivas (CA-29) is seeking a motivated, creative, and
collaborative Press/Digital Assistant based in Los Angeles in a full-time capacity.
This position is responsible for working with the Communications Director
and District Director to identify press and digital opportunities in the District; develop
branded content for social media, including graphics, videos, and photos of the Member.
Additionally, this position will staff and advance press and community events in
the District with the Member; compile and distribute daily press clips; track media
coverage; develop promotional materials of the Member’s events; and build relationships
with local reporters and outlets. Additionally, this position will assist the Communications
Director in drafting quotes and press releases; developing newsletters; and drafting
constituent outreach materials such as resource packets, and other duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will have excellent writing and verbal skills; editing and digital experience,
including experience in graphic design and video editing; sound editorial judgement; a
baseline understanding of the key stakeholders in the District; as well as the ability to work
well and respectfully with others in a fast-paced environment. This role regularly interacts
with reporters, producers, and other communications staff and should have a friendly and
professional demeanor and an ability to exercise political savvy and discretion. Ties to
California’s 29th Congressional District are a plus. Diverse and bilingual candidates are
encouraged to apply.
This position works closely with the Communications Director and District Director.
Candidates should have prior experience working with media and press and creating digital
content. The position requires the flexibility to work long hours, including nights and
weekends. Diverse and bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply.
This is an entry-level position but may be expanded for the right candidate with more
experience. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, one
writing sample and one creative sample in a single PDF document
to CA29jobs@gmail.com with the following subject line: “District Press/DigitalAssistant [candidate’s full name]”.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex (including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.

MEM-117-25
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include assisting
the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining the Committee’s
website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee
correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and
entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a non-partisan position
which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from
political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a
professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and
Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good
judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily
tasks and projects. Applicants with experience or interest in learning information
technology assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position
with a starting salary of $52,003 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-115-25
EXPERIENCED OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR
U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
COMMITTEE ON ETHICS
Director of Administration (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced Office Administrator to serve as the Director of Administration for the
Committee. The Director of Administration will oversee the Committee’s administrative,
financial, and human resource functions. The Director will manage the nonpartisan
administrative staff who are responsible for ensuring a high level of customer service to the
House community as well as the efficient operation of the Committee’s work.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to maintain strict confidentiality,
to serve all Members of Congress equally, and to refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess a minimum of 5 years of experience with government
administrative, financial, or human resource processes; outstanding analytical and written
and oral communication skills; and sound judgment.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is also desirable: CAO finance and human
resource processes, office administration, and familiarity with Congress. Previous

management experience and proficiency with PeopleSoft and Finmart preferred. Salary
range $132,638 to $140,667. Please email resume, cover letter, and a list of references to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Director of Administration” in the
subject line.

