Internship Openings
Week of April 27, 2026
MEM-118-26
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks highly motivated,
organized, and dedicated interns to serve for the Fall of 2026 in the Representative’s
Washington, D.C. office.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and administrative
work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting responses to constituent
correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, performing legislative research, and
supporting staff members on various projects. Ideal candidates should be professional
and possess excellent communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a commitment
to public service and progressive values. All interns will be paid a one-time stipend of
$5,850 unless funded by an outside organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer. Women,
people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State
and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
The application period for Fall 2026 internships is now open and will close on June
30th at 11:59 PM ET.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample, three
references, and availability to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with the subject
“First Name.Last Name Internship Application.”
We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex,
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Diverse
applicants encouraged to apply.

MEM-110-26
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Summer 2026 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island office, to start at the middle May until the end of August.

Duties include, but are not limited to:
• Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the
Member office to constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;
• Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
• Sorts and distributes mail;
• Assists Member and key staff (e.g. staff assistant, scheduler, District
Director) with logistical and administrative duties;
• Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member
office’s consideration and response;
• Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
• Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at
local events;
• Accompanies district staff to public forums, meetings, and events as a
representative to the Member.
Applicants should apply on our
website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships
Consistent with applicable law, the Office requires all interns to be fully vaccinated against
COVID-19 as a term and condition of employment.
Female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is
an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.

