Member and Committee Openings
Week of April 28, 2025
MEM-141-25
Congresswoman Janelle Bynum’s Office Seeking Clackamas Field Rep
The office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum is seeking a field representative for the
office’s Clackamas County field office. This position offers a unique opportunity to play a
key role in the Congresswoman’s efforts and act as a grassroots representative for the
office.
POSITION OVERVIEW:
The field representative will work closely with the district staff and act as a liaison with
federal, district, and local agencies for the Member and constituents.
DUTIES:
• Ensure outreach eDorts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals, and
coordinate closely with the District Director and D.C. staD to ensure district
priorities are reﬂected in legislative priorities;
• Inform the District Director and the Member on up-and-coming issues in the
district;
• Serve as a representative for the Member at events in the district as determined by
the District Director;
• Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders;
• Inform the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned
issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents;
• Perform other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor’s degree or related job experience;
• A demonstrated interest in public service;
• Familiarity with the Member’s district and/or state.
HOW TO APPLY:

Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by May 9, 2025.
NOTICE:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-140-25
Senior Legislative Assistant, Rep. Tony Gonzales (TX-23)
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to develop legislative initiatives relevant to the Member's position on the House
Appropriations Committee and the Committee on Homeland Security;
• to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House ﬂoor;
• to meet with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• at least 2 years of legislative experience in a full-time, legislative position
• prior Capitol Hill experience is strongly preferred;
• excellent oral and written communication skills;
• thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• ability to work well under pressure;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted
in subject line.

MEM-139-25
Press Assistant/Press Secretary, Rep. Tony Gonzales (TX-23)
The Office of Congressman Tony Gonzales seeks a Press Secretary or Press Assistant in his
Washington, D.C. office (title and pay commensurate with experience). Applicants must
have exceptional writing skills, attention to detail, and an ability to manage competing
demands and deadlines.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Managing the Congressman’s digital media;
• Coordinating the creation of print and digital advertisements;

•
•
•
•
•

Creating and posting social media posts;
Producing graphics and editing photos and videos;
Drafting press releases and weekly newsletters;
Compiling daily press clips; and
Managing the Member’s website.

QUALIFICATIONS:
Candidates with Texas ties are preferred.
This is not an entry-level position; at least 1-2 years of full-time, post-graduation
professional experience in press and digital communications or a related field is required
(internships do not count toward this requirement).
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted
in subject line.

MEM-138-25
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE COUNSEL
U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
COMMITTEE ON ETHICS
Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office. The Committee’s
financial disclosure counsel is responsible for reviewing and certifying a large volume of
Financial Disclosure Reports, providing legal advice on financial disclosure related
matters, providing education and training to Members of Congress and their staff through
frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product. This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and
refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate sensitive matters that arise
before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable:
government ethics, ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment management,
taxation, corporate finance, and securities law. The salary range for this position is
$136,780 and $145,604 per annum. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing
sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-137-25

Congresswoman Sarah Elfreth (MD-03) seeks a self-motivated and organized
individual to join her team as a Caseworker based in her District Office in Columbia,
Maryland. This position serves as a liaison between federal, state, and local agencies on
behalf of the Member and her constituents. The Caseworker will handle a portfolio of issue
areas through casework correspondence and verbal communication with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED
• Serve as the representative for the Member in their assigned portfolio, including
responding to casework requests, meeting/corresponding with constituents and
serving as a liaison to federal agencies.
• Inform the Member and District Director of trends and policy updates in his or her
assigned issue areas.
• Handle and prioritize casework assignments while assisting with general intake,
constituent service requests, and communication in an oDice environment.
• Assess casework inquiries for problems requiring legislative action and provide
• recommendations to the District Director, Chief of StaD and the Member.
• Screen and refer cases, when appropriate, to other federal, state and local elected
oDicials.
• Prepare periodic memos/reports for senior leadership and the Member on pending
cases and district activities in his or her assigned issue areas.
• Monitor active cases and act as a liaison on behalf of constituents to ensure
inquiries are handled in a responsive manner.
• Maintain up-to-date ﬁles on all cases, constituent correspondence and issues of
importance to the oDice.
• Direct and guide constituents to private and public resources at the federal, state
and local level.
• Maintain a good working relationship with the Member, staD, and constituents.
• Demonstrate an ability to accept performance-based feedback and direction.
• Perform other duties as assigned.
Work Monday – Friday 9:00am – 5:00pm, with occasional nights and weekends for town
hall meetings and other special events.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Demonstrate strong interpersonal skills, including the ability to empathize and
active listening.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment to handle and respond
appropriately to casework inquiries.
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• General knowledge of casework process.
• General knowledge and ability to identify federal, state and local issues.
• Professional and compassionate telephone manner.
• Strong organizational and follow-up skills.

•
•
•
•

Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner.
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
Proﬁcient in word processing, general computer programming and oDice
equipment: scanner, copier, printer, desktop computer.

TO APPLY:
All interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter directly to
MD03Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Caseworker – [Applicant’s First
Name and Last Name].
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-135-25
DC-Based Scheduler and Office Manager
The Office of Representative Sharice Davids (KS-03) is seeking a DC- based
Scheduler/Office Manager to coordinate the Representative’s schedule and manage
overall operations in the DC office.
Candidates must have exceptional organizational skills, attention to detail, and an ability
to manage competing demands and deadlines. Candidates must handle conflicting
requests, anticipate the needs of the Member, and exercise sound and efficient judgment
when scheduling meetings, events, and travel. Candidate must have strong
communication skills. Capitol Hill or other relevant administrative, operations, or
scheduling experience is strongly preferred. Kansas ties are a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Maintaining and managing the Member’s daily and long-term DC and district schedule,
including coordinating with District staff.
• Responding to all incoming meeting and scheduling requests.
• Coordinating closely with appropriate legislative or communications staff to ensure
efficient delivery of the Member’s briefing materials.
• Coordinating travel and booking flight, train, and lodging reservations for the Member and
staff as needed

• Communicating key information and scheduling changes to the Member, staff, and
effected stakeholders in a timely and efficient manner
• Coordinating with Caucus, Leadership, and Committee staff to efficiently coordinate the
Member's schedule while the House is in session
• Provide operational support to the office, including time-off requests, office supply
needs, tech management, and other duties, to ensure staff is supported.
• Work closely with Chief of Staff and Financial Admin to ensure compliance with annual
budget.
• The position requires flexible, non-traditional working hours and availability by phone as
needed.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s Degree preferred. Capitol Hill or other relevant administrative, operations, or
scheduling experience is strongly preferred. Kansas ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and three references to
ks03.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Full Name – DC Office Scheduler".
Applications will be processed on a rolling basis.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status. Women, people of color, and other
members of underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-134-25
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff (minority) seeks an
enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized Staff Assistant for fast-paced committee
office.
Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front office such as receptionist duties,
answering phones, greeting visitors, ensuring that office and meeting rooms are kept in
order, supporting staff in preparations for committee events such as hearings, markups,
meetings, and events, training and supervising interns, handling and sorting incoming mail,
maintaining both digital and paper records and files, maintaining office supplies and
mastering basic equipment operations, assisting other staff with research, work product,
web content, special projects, and other duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills,
attention to detail, professionalism, exceptional time management skills, and an ability to

work collaboratively.
Our office deeply values the diversity of our employees and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Hill experience preferred but not required.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, references, and a short writing sample to
ecdjobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant Application 2025.” No
phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-133-25
Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib, representing Michigan’s 12th Congressional District, is
seeking a DC Staff Assistant. The Staff Assistant will help to support all team members.
Their primary role is to provide strong administrative support to team members for
meetings, ensuring that constituent services are addressed by appropriate staff, and
creating a welcoming environment for residents and advocates visiting our DC office.
DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Create a welcoming and organized front office;
• Lead administrative support for calls, voicemails, and email messages;
• Develop a system for resident follow ups and requests as needed;
• Management of all front of office duties including but not limited to signing for deliveries,
and forwarding mail or other materials to the appropriate staff;
• Work closely with the Scheduler to ensure that the Member's appointments are on time
and that the team is aware of the visitors' arrival; assisting with staffing of meetings as
required or needed;
• Follow up and complete constituent requests for flags, White House and U.S. Capitol
tours and other requests for tours;
• Manage the organization and updating of the office cheat sheet that has all important
contacts for staff and constituent services;
• Support constituent service team as needed in intake process;
• Lead the work on letter responses to constituent mail not related to legislation, including
thank you letters;
• Manages follow-ups or call list for the member as needed or requested;
• Organizes general email box for the office;
• Support Operations Manager with office supply management and office inventory
tracking;
• Tracks commendation and greeting requests received from stakeholders and
constituents;
• Processes and tracks ledger for in-kind gifts;
• Manages inventory and supplies needed for the office, staff and for the member;
• Supports management of internship programs and assists with assignments of
responsibilities and tasks as needed;

• Support with all other duties as assigned.
To apply, please email Rashida.Jobs@mail.house.gov (SUBJECT LINE: Staff Assistant,
YOUR NAME) with a cover letter, resume and 2-3 references (no office walk-ins).
A strong candidate will be able to work a flexible schedule. Michigan ties are highly
desirable but not required. The starting salary for this position is $55,000 with some
flexibility based on experience.
The Office is unionized and offers robust, competitive benefits.
Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+, and other members of other marginalized
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status. This
position reports to the Operations Manager, Chief of Staff and Member.
Application will be reviewed on a rolling basis until Wednesday, April 30th.

MEM-131-25
The Office of Congressman Jimmy Panetta (CA-19) seeks candidates for an open
Scheduler/Director of Operations position. Prior experience with scheduling for a
Member of Congress or scheduling for a political campaign is preferred, but scheduling for
a similar organization will be considered.
Ideal candidates possess attention to detail, ability to handle a fast-paced environment,
and strong communication and organizational skills. Responsibilities include maintaining
Member’s daily and long-term schedule in Washington, working with stakeholders to
balance the Member’s time, evaluating incoming meeting requests and invitations,
coordinating domestic and international travel arrangements, and performing other
administrative and operational duties.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Please send a resume, cover letter, and
references in a single PDF document with “Scheduler/Director of Operations” as the
subject line to ca19.jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-130-25
Title: Inspector General
Office: Office of the Inspector General
Close Date: 05/16/25
Salary: $212,000 - $217,000

The Inspector General is accountable for the evaluation of internal controls and
organizational structures, as well as determining the extent and quality of conformance
with policies and procedures within the House. In collaboration with the Deputy Inspector
General, provides executive management to the Office of Inspector General and its major
areas of responsibility including the performance of Information Systems Audits,
Management Advisory Services, Performance Audits, Financial Audits, Investigations, and
internal OIG administration.
Essential Duties:
Directs the mission and functions of the Office of Inspector General, including the
supervision of approximately twenty-five (25) employees in executing the duties of the
Office, which include, but are not limited to:
1)Providing audit, investigative, and advisory services to the House and other legislative
branch entities in a manner consistent with government-wide standards including periodic
audits of the financial and administrative functions of the House and other legislative
branch entities.
2)Informing House Leadership and appropriate House Committees based as outline in
House Rules concerning the results of audits, investigations, and advisory services.
3)Coordinating, compiling, and presenting an annual work plan for the Office of the
Inspector General to the Committee on House Administration for approval.
How to Apply
1) ALL applicants must submit a resume and cover letter on or before the closing date that
presents their knowledge, experience, and education and meet the position's
requirements.
2) Submit your resume and cover letter via email to House.Apply@mail.house.gov ONLY.
Reference our vacancy announcement ID, " IG-25-04 IS-HGOV”, in the Subject Line of your
email.
The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status),
sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin. Transportation and all
related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant. Moving and related relocation expenses are not available. Employment with
the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. All qualified candidates are encouraged to
apply

MEM-129-25

LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR - The Washington, D.C. Office of Rep. Lauren Underwood (D-IL),
Ranking Member of the Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee and Co-Chair of
the Black Maternal Health Caucus, is hiring a Legislative Director.
The Legislative Director works with the Member and other senior staff to lead development
and implementation of her policy, legislative, and appropriations strategy, managing a
legislative team of 6-8 staff, fellows, and interns while also covering a small individual
portfolio of legislative issues. Primary responsibilities for this role include:
- developing and advancing the Member’s policy priorities through the legislative and
appropriations processes;
- overseeing operations of the legislative team;
- developing high-quality memos, remarks, committee materials, and other briefing
materials for the Member/office;
- supporting the press team on policy-related communications;
- working with the district team to support their work and address constituents’ policy
concerns;
- monitoring activity on the House Floor and the Member’s committee(s) and working
with the legislative team to develop vote recommendations;
- building and maintaining positive and effective relationships with district, D.C., and
national stakeholders and advocacy organizations;
- proactively tracking relevant state and local policy changes and working with local
officials;
- overseeing the office’s constituent correspondence program; and
- other duties and special projects as assigned.
This is not an entry-level role. Candidates should have deep expertise in policy, legislative
drafting and procedure, and congressional appropriations, as well as at least one year of
professional experience managing direct reports. Essential skills include an expert-level
working knowledge of Congress; strong oral and written communication skills, including
rigorous editing and fact-checking; excellent attention to detail; the ability to execute on
multiple deadlines and tasks in a fast-paced environment; strong interpersonal and
relationship-building skills; the ability to make quick decisions when advising a principal; a
proven track record navigating complex constituent and political situations; and the
responsiveness and professional demeanor to represent the office well to a wide range of
communities. Candidates with a background in health policy are encouraged to apply.
Please note that candidates must be available for occasional weekend and evening work
to support the Member when the congressional schedule requires.
The annual salary range for this position is $100,000 - $110,000, dependent on experience
and qualifications. The position offers health coverage; comp time; telework opportunities
during congressional recesses; retirement benefits with an employer match; paid sick,
bereavement, and vacation leave; transit or parking benefits; 16 weeks of paid parental

leave; 12 weeks of paid FMLA leave; access to life insurance coverage; professional
development opportunities; and access to the Student Loan Repayment Program.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please email Underwood.DCJobs@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director” in
the subject line and the following application materials attached as one combined PDF:
(1) Résumé
(2) Cover letter
(3) 2-3 professional references including name, current title and organization, phone
number, email, and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference. We
will not reach out to these references without your permission.

MEM-121-25
The bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus is seeking an experienced Communications
Director to join its office in Washington, D.C. The Communications Director will be
responsible for developing and executing the Problem Solvers Caucus’ communications
strategy.
Responsibilities include writing press releases, pitching stories and responding to reporter
inquiries, creating and posting social media content, booking interviews with national and
local press outlets, writing internal and external newsletters, compiling press clips,
managing the caucus’ website, and other duties as assigned.
This is not an entry-level position.
The ideal candidate will have prior experience working on Capitol Hill, excellent written and
oral communications skills, and be proficient in photo and video editing and graphic
design. They will also be detail-oriented, organized, and highly motivated to serve on a
small, collaborative team.
This is a bipartisan office, and candidates must be comfortable working for both
Democratic and Republican Members. To apply, please email a resume, cover letter, and
two writing samples in a single PDF to problemsolverscaucus@gmail.com with the subject
line “Communications Director.”

MEM-127-25
Press Secretary/ Digital Director

Pennsylvania Republican is looking for a Press Secretary/Digital Director to join a fastpaced, media-heavy communications team in the D.C. office.
This position reports directly to the Communications Director and is ideal for a highly
motivated individual who excels in a high-energy, deadline-driven environment. The right
candidate will have strong writing and editing skills, experience in digital content creation,
website editing, and the ability to quickly adapt to the fast-moving political landscape.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Assist the Communications Director in drafting and editing press releases,

statements, floor speeches, and op-eds
• Draft the Member’s weekly newsletters
• Manage the Member’s social media pages—draft posts, create graphics, and keep
engagement growing
• Clip media interviews and monitor mentions
• Update and maintain content on the Member’s official website
• Assist Communications Director with media prep for interviews and other public
appearances
• Keep the Member informed of breaking news and media coverage
• Assist in executing the Franking plan
Prior experience on Capitol Hill is preferred but not required. To apply, please send a
resume to PaPressSecJob@gmail.com.

MEM-126-25
The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director. The LD will
drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing and implementing the
strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals; supervise and mentor the legislative
staff while advising on the Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own
legislative portfolio with the Agriculture Committee.
The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior leadership team
to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall operations. The LD will also help
ensure coordination between DC and district offices on important legislative updates and
district-based events and projects. This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill
experience and knowledge of the legislative process are required. The successful
applicant will have crisp and thorough written and oral communications skills, an
entrepreneurial and self-starting attitude, strong attention to detail, creativity, and be a
team player. Supervisory experience and expertise on agricultural policy is strongly
preferred. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or sexual
orientation.

Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to
nc12.resume@mail.house.gov. Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or
other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as
candidates with North Carolina ties. Due to the volume of applications, we receive, we will
only contact you if we decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct
emails, or walk-ins.

MEM-125-25
Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR) is seeking a Press Assistant/Deputy Press
Secretary in her district office to join an aggressive, fast-paced communications team. The
ideal candidate will have excellent writing, editing, and photography skills. Additionally,
they will assist the Communications Director in drafting releases, talking points, speeches,
and quotes for in-district press events, maintaining press lists, distributing daily press
clips, and staffing the Member at district-based press events. Strong proofreading and
copyediting skills are a must. This role primarily assists the Communications Director with
drafting outgoing communications. Candidates seeking to join a highly active press team
across national, local, and digital media with opportunities for growth are encouraged to
apply.
Essential Job Functions:
• Assist the Communications Director with drafting press releases, quotes,
statements,
• speeches and talking points.
• Compile and distribute daily press clips.
• Help identify and cultivate relationships with local reporters and content creators in
• the district.
• StaD and manage reporter interactions with the Member at OR-based press events;
Work with the District ODice and Digital Manager to publicize constituent services
and
• events.
• Manage live-streaming and photography at OR-based press conferences and
events.
• Support the District ODice with events.
• Work well under pressure and with quick turnarounds
This is a full-time position based in district that often requires availability on nights and
weekends to support the Member’s communications plan and District Office operations.
The position requires attention to detail and strong written and oral communication skills
along with the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment. Spanish
fluency is a plus but not required. The salary range for this position is $55,000-$60,000,
depending on experience, with full benefits including up to $833/month in student loan

repayments; health, dental, andvision insurance; and both defined-benefit and definedcontribution retirement plans.
Please email a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples in a single PDF
to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with “First Name Last Name—Press Assistant/Deputy
PressSecretary” in the Subject Line. Applicants may also provide one example of their
digital designwork and/or photography (this is optional but not required). Applications will
be accepted on a rolling basis. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status, or any other characteristic protected by
applicable law.

MEM-123-25
CASEWORKER AND FIELD REPRESENTATIVE

The Caseworker / Field Representative manages incoming casework requests with care,
promptness and high-touch constituent service; and monitors and updates the Deputy
Chief of Staff on district and local issues. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district,
and local agencies for the Congressman and constituents and answers casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents in a timely and
professional manner.
Salary: $60,000 per year
Reports to: Director of Constituent Services & Deputy Chief of Staff
Primary location: Brooklyn District Office (Sunset Park, Brooklyn NY)
Submit your resume and cover letter to jobs.goldman@mail.house.gov.
Subject line should note: Your Name - Caseworker / Field Rep
Essential Roles & Responsibilities:
• Acts as the representative for the Congressman within the area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
• Manages casework assigned to them.
• Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the Deputy Chief and Director of Constituent Services
• Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to city and state oDices.
• Logs all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework.
• Prepares periodic reports for the Director of Constituent Services on pending cases
and for the Deputy Chief on district activities in their assigned issue areas.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner.
Maintains up-to-date ﬁles on all cases and categories of information of importance
to the oDice.
Serves as a liaison to community boards, precinct councils, and other community
groups.
Meets attendance requirements as established by the oDice.
Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staD, and
constituents.
Works well under pressure and handles stress.
Works a ﬂexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualiﬁcations:
A minimum 1 year in a government oDice in a similar role.
Bilingual (Spanish language) skills strongly preferred.
Candidate Attributes:
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner.
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is
involved; Professional telephone manner.
Ability to perform the essential job functions above.
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities.
Work with compassion, empathy and patience for constituents.
Knowledge of oDice policies, practices, and procedures.
Knowledge of oDice computer applications; and
Proﬁciency in word processing.

The office of Congressman Dan Goldman is committed to diversity among its staff and
recognizes that the success of its operations requires the highest commitment to
obtaining and retaining a diverse staff. We are an equal opportunity employer and prohibit
discrimination in employment, promotion, compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges
of employment on the basis of gender, physical and or mental disability, race, age,
national origin, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family status,
religion, veteran’s status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
MEM-122-25

The office of Representative Maxwell Frost (D-FL) is seeking a dynamic and creative
individual to join our communications team as a Creative Director. This is a fast-paced,
progressive environment with a forward-thinking principal who is not afraid to try new
things. This office prides itself on fostering a collaborative work environment where
creativity, teamwork, and an outside-the-box approach are highly valued. A passion for
digital strategy, visual storytelling, and innovative political communication is a must. This
is not an entry-level position.
The Creative Director will work closely with and report to the Communications Director to
help shape and execute the visual and digital strategy for the Representative’s publicfacing and internal initiatives, and offer strategic digital insight and assistance related to
the Member’s leadership role as part of the Democratic Policy and Communications
Committee. This role will manage the day-to-day operations of the office’s design work and
digital content, including but not limited to graphic design, social media assets, digital
video, website visuals, and email campaigns.
Key Responsibilities:
Digital Strategy & Creative Leadership -- Lead the development and execution of innovative
digital strategies to elevate the Representative’s presence on social media, websites,
email campaigns, and other digital platforms. Ensure that all creative work is aligned with
the office’s values and goals.
Graphic Design & Visual Communication -- Design high-quality graphics for digital and
print materials, including social media assets, infographics, posters, digital ads, and more,
all in line with the Member’s existing branding and style guide. Expertise in the Adobe
Creative Suite is required.
Content Creation & Coordination -- Collaborate with the Communications Director,
Legislative and District teams, and Member to create compelling multimedia content. This
includes coordinating the production of graphics, videos, and other creative content for
various platforms – from ideation to creation.
Media Buys & Metrics & Evaluation -- Make strategic suggestions for paid communications
campaigns on various digital platforms and assist in tracking the effectiveness of creative
strategies, using data and feedback to iterate and improve future content. Monitor the
performance of digital content across platforms, adjusting strategies as needed.
Artist & Influencer Relations -- Collaborate with the Communications Director help
maintain and establish relationships with artists and digital thought leaders and content
creators through strategic partnership opportunities aimed at advancing the Member’s
policy and legislative initiatives. Our office is uniquely plugged into local and national
music and creative arts issues so a passion for this is a plus.

Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

At least 2-3 years of experience in creative or digital strategy, with a focus on graphic
design and content creation.
Prior experience working in political campaigns, progressive causes, or government
oDices is preferred.
Advanced proﬁciency in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign,
After EDects, Premiere Pro) and other design tools.
Strong understanding of digital platforms and the role of design in social media,
online engagement, and web communication.
Experience with digital video production and editing.
Ability to juggle multiple projects and work under tight deadlines in a fast-paced,
team-oriented environment.
Strong attention to detail and a keen eye for visual storytelling and design.
Florida and Orlando ties are a plus.

Compensation:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Salary range is $70,000 -$90,000, commensurate with experience.
Health, dental, and vision beneﬁts.
Generous paid leave, including vacation, sick days, and parental leave.
Generous student loan repayment program.
Retirement plan options.
Opportunities for professional development and training.

To Apply:
Visit repfrost.us/CreativeDirector

MEM-119-25
Congresswoman Luz Rivas (CA-29) is seeking a motivated, creative, and
collaborative Press/Digital Assistant based in Los Angeles in a full-time capacity.
This position is responsible for working with the Communications Director
and District Director to identify press and digital opportunities in the District; develop
branded content for social media, including graphics, videos, and photos of the Member.
Additionally, this position will staff and advance press and community events in
the District with the Member; compile and distribute daily press clips; track media
coverage; develop promotional materials of the Member’s events; and build relationships
with local reporters and outlets. Additionally, this position will assist the Communications
Director in drafting quotes and press releases; developing newsletters; and drafting
constituent outreach materials such as resource packets, and other duties as assigned.

Ideal candidates will have excellent writing and verbal skills; editing and digital experience,
including experience in graphic design and video editing; sound editorial judgement; a
baseline understanding of the key stakeholders in the District; as well as the ability to work
well and respectfully with others in a fast-paced environment. This role regularly interacts
with reporters, producers, and other communications staff and should have a friendly and
professional demeanor and an ability to exercise political savvy and discretion. Ties to
California’s 29th Congressional District are a plus. Diverse and bilingual candidates are
encouraged to apply.
This position works closely with the Communications Director and District Director.
Candidates should have prior experience working with media and press and creating digital
content. The position requires the flexibility to work long hours, including nights and
weekends. Diverse and bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply.
This is an entry-level position but may be expanded for the right candidate with more
experience. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, one
writing sample and one creative sample in a single PDF document
to CA29jobs@gmail.com with the following subject line: “District Press/DigitalAssistant [candidate’s full name]”.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex (including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.

MEM-117-25
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include assisting
the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining the Committee’s
website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee
correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and
entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a non-partisan position
which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from
political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a
professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and
Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good
judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily
tasks and projects. Applicants with experience or interest in learning information
technology assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position
with a starting salary of $52,003 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-115-25
EXPERIENCED OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR
U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
COMMITTEE ON ETHICS
Director of Administration (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced Office Administrator to serve as the Director of Administration for the
Committee. The Director of Administration will oversee the Committee’s administrative,
financial, and human resource functions. The Director will manage the nonpartisan
administrative staff who are responsible for ensuring a high level of customer service to the
House community as well as the efficient operation of the Committee’s work.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to maintain strict confidentiality,
to serve all Members of Congress equally, and to refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess a minimum of 5 years of experience with government
administrative, financial, or human resource processes; outstanding analytical and written
and oral communication skills; and sound judgment.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is also desirable: CAO finance and human
resource processes, office administration, and familiarity with Congress. Previous
management experience and proficiency with PeopleSoft and Finmart preferred. Salary
range $132,638 to $140,667. Please email resume, cover letter, and a list of references to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Director of Administration” in the
subject line.

MEM-113-25
The U.S. House Committee on Foreign Affairs Majority seeks experienced Export
Controls Professional with a background in legislative authorization processes. Primary
duties of the role will include day to day oversight of the Commerce Department’s Bureau
of Industry and Security and International Trade Administration. In addition, employee will
support overseeing and authorizing the State Department’s Bureau of South and Central
Asia and Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs (R) family. Candidates should have previous
foreign policy experience in the Legislative and/ or Executive branches.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
HFACGOP.Resumes@mail.house.gov, with the following subjective line: “HFAC SCA
Vacancy”

MEM-523-24

The Democratic Staff of the House Budget Committee and Ranking Member Brendan F.
Boyle (PA-02) seek a creative and detail-oriented Digital Assistant to support digital
communications and public engagement efforts. This position will be split between the
committee office and personal office and will be based out of Washington D.C.
This position involves creating and scheduling content for social media platforms,
maintaining the committee’s website, producing multimedia materials (graphics, videos,
and infographics), and monitoring digital analytics to optimize outreach. The ideal
candidate will have 1-3 years of experience in digital communications, social media
management, or a similar role (Hill or campaign experience preferred), proficiency with
design and editing tools (e.g., Adobe Creative Suite, Canva), strong writing and editing
skills, and a passion for progressive policymaking.
Candidates should be highly organized, comfortable working under tight deadlines, and
familiar with social media analytics and website content management systems. A
bachelor’s degree in communications, political science, or a related field is preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and the position includes a competitive benefits
package.
This office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values mentorship and
professional development; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status. Candidates with diverse backgrounds,
women, people of color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, email a cover letter, resume, three examples of digital content, and contact
information for three references to budget-democrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with the
subject line: "[Name] – Digital Assistant Application." Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis.

