Internship Openings
Week of July 20, 2026
MEM-235-26
Congresswoman Analilia Mejia (NJ-11) is seeking applicants for the Fall 2026 internship
program in her Washington, D.C. Office. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Responsibilities:
The Office of Congresswoman Mejia runs an internship program intended for current
undergraduate students, recent college graduates, and students currently enrolled in
graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman DeLauro's office combine administrative
and legislative work. Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent
services, correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
The Washington DC internship program also offers an opportunity for a communications
internship. This position will assist the communications team with social media, press
conferences, and more. To apply for this position, please check the press internship
interest box in the program application.
Press Intern tasks include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•

Drafting for social media
Compiling daily press clips
Clipping and editing videos
Office administrative tasks
Other tasks as assigned by the Communications team

Qualifications:
Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, possess excellent
writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
How to Apply:
Please go to mejia.house.gov/internships to submit the requested information,
including your cover letter and resume.
No walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-233-26
Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks press intern for his Washington, D.C., office for
the Fall 2026 term.
This internship provide an opportunity for undergraduate students, graduate students, and
recent graduates to learn more about the workings of a Congressional office, the legislative
process, and the role of a communications team. Interns should have a general
understanding of the U.S. political system, value open communication, be eager to grow,
and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be an educational
experience. Internships are offered for either academic credit or a stipend. Internship
applicants must be high school graduates. Current students and recent graduates will be
given first priority for the internship program.
Press intern responsibilities include:
• Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press Secretary in
drafting and editing social media content, digital graphics, and other digital
materials,
• Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
• Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks, as directed.
Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic familiarity with graphic
design and video editing. Submission of a sample graphic or similar communications work
with your application is strongly encouraged.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover letter,
resume, three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf file, with the file
name including internship class, year, last name, and first name (i.e.
Fall2026.Doe.Jane.pdf) to CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by July 23. Please
specify you are applying for the press internship. Applicants with strong ties to the
49th District are given preference.

MEM-232-26
The office of Congressman Jack Bergman (MI-01) is accepting applications for Fall 2026
paid internships in our Washington, D.C. Office.
Ideal candidates are motivated, detail-oriented, and possess a strong work ethic, with the
ability to communicate effectively with constituents and staff. This internship offers a
valuable opportunity to gain hands-on experience in public service and constituent
relations while learning about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office.
Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Answering phones and responding to constituent inquiries
Greeting visitors and assisting with front office operations
Leading guided tours of the U.S. Capitol
Attending briefings and hearings for staff
Conducting legislative research and writing memos on policy and local issues for
the Member and staff
Assisting with additional administrative and legislative tasks as needed

Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Strong written and verbal communication skills
Willingness to learn and take initiative
Professional demeanor and excellent attention to detail
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively as part of a team
Demonstrated interest in public service, government, or public policy
Michigan ties are preferred but not required

How to Apply: Interested applicants should submit a resume and brief paragraph
outlining their interest and availability to Joaquin.Macias@mail.house.gov. Our office
will be accepting applications on a rolling basis until August 3rd at 11:59pm EST.

MEM-231-26
COMMUNICATIONS INTERNSHIP
The DC office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently accepting
applicants for a paid Fall Communications Internship with a start date
of Monday, August 24, 2026, until December 2026, with the potential to extend.
Communications Interns assist the communications staff by compiling media clips,
drafting social media posts, press releases, and blog posts, and creating digital content.
This is in addition to answering phones, inputting casework inquiries, and aiding in office
needs. Experience working in communications is a plus.

Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can excel in a fastpaced environment. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication
skills, an eye for and ability to create engaging digital content, and a good sense of humor.
Ties to Washington State are preferred, but not required. Applicants are encouraged to
include any previous customer service experience (retail, food service, hospitality,
etc.) on their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample,
and a sample social media post with relevant written and visual components in a
single PDF document to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Fall Communications
Internship-[LAST NAME]” in the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which
internship you are applying for and your dates of availability.
While the deadline for applications is Wednesday, August 5th at 5PM EST, applications
will be accepted and reviewed on a rolling basis. Applicants are encouraged to submit their
application early. Applications that are incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not
be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin, sexual
orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, military service, or other
non-merit factors. Individuals from underrepresented communities are encouraged to
apply. Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-230-26
The Office of Congressman Gabe Vasquez seeks a part-time, temporary Communications
Fellow for the fall (Late August through December, exact dates flexible). The
Communications Fellow is an integral member of the Congressman’s office and the
communications team. Your role is essential to the office’s overall mission of
communicating the Congressman and his staff’s work on behalf of New Mexicans to his
constituents and the press.
The Communications Fellow will primarily be responsible for:
• Drafting written materials including press releases, e-newsletters, social media
content
• Designing graphics
• Creating and editing short video clips as needed
• Building press lists
Competitive candidates will possess excellent writing and graphic design skills, creativity,
attention to detail and relevant prior experience. Spanish language skills are a plus.

This is a part-time, temporary position, with 20-25 hours of work per week expected. The
schedule is flexible, and a hybrid remote and in-person work arrangement is preferred.
Fully remote applicants will also be considered.
Fellows will be paid a monthly stipend. To be considered, please send a resume, cover
letter, writing sample, and two digital samples with the subject line “NM-02 Fall
Communications Fellow” to NM02Press@mail.house.gov by July 29, 2026. No calls or
drop-ins, please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-228-26
A senior Republican Representative serving on the House Financial Services Committee is
seeking interns for the Fall of 2026 in their Washington D.C office. Interns will gain a strong
understanding of the functions of a congressional office and firsthand experience with the
legislative process. Internship start and end dates are flexible and part-time internships
are available for students. Full-time hours are Monday-Friday 9:00-5:00. This is a paid
opportunity with a monthly stipend and reimbursement for Metro commute.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, assisting with
constituent correspondence, conducting legislative research, leading Capitol tours,
attending hearings and briefings and drafting memos. Applicants should be detail oriented,
able to work well in a fast-paced environment, have strong oral and written communication
skills and an interest in public policy. Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to: Kieran.Patch@mail.house.gov.

MEM-223-26
Congresswoman Nancy Mace's District Office (Daniel Island) is seeking students with a
strong interest in political science, public service, and communication to join as a fall
intern 2026.
The internship can be full-time or part-time and will run from mid-August through
November.
All applicants can submit their information using this link:
Internships | Representative Nancy Mace
The deadline for applications will be July 31, 2026.

MEM-221-26
The office of Congressman Juan Ciscomani (AZ-06) is accepting applications for Fall
2026 paid internships in our Washington D.C. Office.
Ideal candidates are motivated, detail-oriented, and possess a strong work ethic, with the
ability to communicate effectively with constituents and staff. This internship offers a
valuable opportunity to gain hands-on experience in public service and constituent
relations while learning about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office.
Responsibilities may include:
Answering phones and responding to constituent inquiries
• Greeting visitors and assisting with front office operations
• Leading guided tours of the U.S. Capitol
• Conducting legislative research and writing memos on policy and
local issues for the Member and staff
• Assisting with additional administrative and legislative tasks as needed
Qualifications:
• Strong written and verbal communication skills
• Willingness to learn and take initiative
• Professional demeanor and excellent attention to detail
• Ability to work both independently and collaboratively as part of a team
• Demonstrated interest in public service, government, or public policy
• Arizona residency or connection to the 6th Congressional District preferred
How to Apply: Interested applicants should submit a resume and brief cover letter
outlining their interest and availability to Reya.Maestas@mail.house.gov

MEM-217-26
The office of Congresswoman Julie Johnson is accepting applications for internships in
her Washington, D.C. Office for the Fall of 2026 (August - November).
Applicants must be open-minded, willing to learn, and have a desire to work for a Texas
member. Our office is hiring a general office intern; responsibilities may include, but are
not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Greeting guests and supporting staff with front office operations;
Answering constituent phone calls and recording constituent opinions;
Supporting the legislative team with research and bill recommendations;
Attending briefings and hearings for staff;
Leading Capitol Tour groups;
Organizing incoming mail and supporting staff with outgoing correspondence;
Other administrative duties as assigned.

We are proudly an office that is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on
the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, military status, sexual
orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Our Fall 2026 D.C. internship application closes July 21st at 11:59 PM ET. College
students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply. Hours are flexible to
accommodate individual schedules, but hours are generally Monday - Friday, 9:00 AM
- 5:00 PM.
Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. If you have any questions please contact
our Intern Coordinator Ela Schulz at ela.schulz@mail.house.gov.
Apply here: https://juliejohnson.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-211-26
The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY, will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Fall Semester 2026.
Applications will be accepted until July 31st, 2026.
Interns will be responsible for:
•
•
•
•
•

Completing constituent calls
Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations
Day-to-day office work
Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the D.C.
office
Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case work
or work on District-based projects of importance

Interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office, congressional
communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military

status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students and current graduate students.
For more information on the district internship please
visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
To apply for the Fall 2026 District Office Internship, please fill out the google form
found here: Fall 2026 DO Internship Application Form. Our office will be accepting
applications on a rolling basis until July 31st at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early.

MEM-202-26
The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns for Fall 2026,
August 31st – December 11th. Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and
dependable.
Above all, we seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural
Resources Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
eager to learn about the committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research,
prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid
communications.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and
concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations.
Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in
the U.S., and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Assist with administrative duties
• Assist with legislative and policy projects
• Research legislation, regulations, and public law
• Assist with communications and outreach
• Respond to requests for information
• Attend briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work in-office when
Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a monthly stipend of
$3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military
status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable

accommodation to participate in the application or hiring process are encouraged to
request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
The application deadline is close of business on July 8th.
Interested candidates should apply by visiting the House Natural Resources
Committee Democrats’ website at https://democratsnaturalresources.house.gov/internships.
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates who are
being actively considered for this position.

MEM-201-26
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking interns for
the upcoming Fall 2026 term.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, drafting and
editing constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the
legislative staff, and otherwise providing support for the day-to-day activities of the office.
Interns are paid via a monthly stipend.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin,
age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing
samples to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should
indicate their availability on an hourly, daily, and monthly basis during the Fall term in
their email or cover letter. The deadline to apply is 6:00pm ET on Friday, July 24th,
2026.

MEM-194-26
The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is accepting applications for Fall
2026 legislative interns in our West Chester, Reading, and Washington, D.C. offices. This
internship will run from mid-August through mid-December.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer stipends to applicants, with
accommodations for Pell-eligible applicants. Our internship program has returned to inperson work with flexible telework options should interns need to work from home.

Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a passion for
community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing to spend a lot of time
on the phone and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting memos for
our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or meetings. We offer
interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
Please submit applications through the “Legislative Internship” form our
website, Houlahan.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender,
LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-188-26
The Office of Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur (OH-09) is seeking motivated college
students, recent graduates, and graduate students for the Fall 2026 Internship Program
in her Washington, D.C., office.
Intern responsibilities vary daily but typically include assisting with constituent services,
sorting mail, answering phones, conducting legislative research, attending hearings and
briefings, and providing general administrative support to staff.
The ideal candidate will have strong written and oral communication skills, an interest in
public service and the legislative process, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced
environment. Applicants should be organized, dependable, and eager to learn. Ties to Ohio
are strongly preferred but not required.
To Apply:
Interested candidates should submit a single PDF containing the following materials:
• A current résumé
• A one-page cover letter outlining your interest in the position and availability
• A short written response (300–500 words) to the following prompt:
o What does public service mean to you? You may share a personal
experience, describe values you live by, or reflect on a moment that has
shaped your interest in public service.

Please send completed applications in a SINGLE PDF
to angela.maloney@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Fall
2026 Internship Application – [Your Name]
Application Deadline: July 21, 2026, at noon.
This internship offers a unique opportunity to gain firsthand experience in a congressional
office, develop professional skills, and contribute to the work of Congresswoman Kaptur
and her team.
The Office of Congresswoman Kaptur is an equal-opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.

