Internship Openings
Week of August 25, 2025
MEM-278-25
Job Description:
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable Video Production Intern this fall. Interns will be responsible for
helping with clipping streams of sessions, editing and captioning videos, helping with
shoots, scripting content and other and administrative tasks as assigned. Successful
candidates will possess extreme familiarity with Adobe Premiere Pro. Additional
experiences with Adobe After Effects and Photoshop are a plus.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment is a must. Candidates will be
expected to work in-person in Washington, DC, with opportunities for remote work during
Congressional recesses. Full-time and part-time candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume, portfolio,
and your availability this fall to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-272-25
The Office of Congressman Robert Garcia (CA-42) is hiring for a Paid Part-Time Press
Intern position (Fall 2025) to work in the Washington, D.C. office. The Press Intern works
closely with the communications team.
Primary educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily news clips.
• Assisting with graphic design and video editing.
• Drafting press releases and other written materials.
• Copy editing written materials.
• Maintaining press lists.
• Clipping committee remarks and cable hits.
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have previous
intern experience in communication with attention to deadlines.
All qualified applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are encouraged to
apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis

of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Interested
applicants should send a one page resume, one sample press release, one sample
graphic, and three relevant sample tweets to emily.kassner-marks@mail.house.gov
and ethan.cesar@mail.house.gov with “INTERN APP: Full Name, Fall 2025” in the subject
line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-261-25
The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns with our DC
office for the Fall session. The internship would begin mid-August and may last until
around December.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge over the day-to-day
happenings within Congress. Additionally, interns co-currently enrolled in an accredited
university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an ideal fit for any student that is
interested in politics, law, or government – however, any interested student is encouraged
to apply! Interns will assist the legislative staff by conducting policy research, answering
phones, leading tours, and helping with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•
•
•
•

Be a current undergraduate or graduate student or have recently graduated.
Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
Have strong communications and writing skills.
Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.

North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should address
their application materials to Katonya Pettaway at Interns.NC03@gmail.com. Applications
should include a cover letter, resume, and what the individual’s internship schedule may
look like.

MEM-260-25
Congressman Andrew Clyde’s Washington, D.C. office, is looking for fall semester
internship candidates. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course
schedules, but generally run 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00
a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer
phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend
hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.

Interested applicants should send resume to : cole.rogers@mail.house.gov

MEM-259-25
The Office of Rep. Angie Craig (MN-02) is hiring a press intern to work in our Eagan,
Minnesota office. The press intern will work directly with the communications team and be
part of day-to-day communications operations, while also performing administrative tasks
in the district office.
Primary responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily afternoon news clips
• Taking photos and filming video content at the Congresswoman’s district events
• Assisting with drafting social media posts when the Congresswoman is in the
district
• Answering phones
• Logging constituent voicemails and mail
• Fielding casework requests
• Other assignments as needed
Experience with digital photography, social media, video editing and graphic design are
preferred, but not required.
Applicants must also indicate their weekly availability from September 1st through
December 30th. Applicants with 20-25 hours/week of availability, spread across the work
week are preferred.
Please submit a combined PDF of your resume, one writing sample, and two digital
work samples (i.e. graphic or video) to repcraigpress@mail.house.gov
The office of Representative Angie Craig is an equal opportunity employer; the office does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our office encourages candidates of diverse
backgrounds to apply. Minnesota ties are a plus.

MEM-258-25
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable digital media intern this fall. Interns will be responsible for content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and other press and administrative tasks as
assigned. Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, and Canva. Proficiencies in additional programs are a
plus.

Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment is a must. Candidates will be
expected to work in-person in Washington, DC, with opportunities for remote work during
Congressional recesses. Full-time and part-time Candidates with diverse backgrounds
and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume, digital
portfolio, and your availability this fall to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

