Member and Committee Openings
Week of January 27, 2025
MEM-029-25
Speechwriter

The O&ice of Democratic Leader Hakeem Je&ries seeks an exceptional writer and
researcher to support all aspects of a fast-paced communications operation. Job
responsibilities include drafting written remarks, talking points, press statements and
more. Candidates should have experience writing ﬂawless public-facing remarks and
statements for a principal. This o&ice is an equal opportunity employer committed to a
diverse and inclusive workforce and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color,
age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability. Women and
minority applicants are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send PDFs of resume, cover letter, three writing samples (including at least
one set of remarks written for a principal), and three professional references
to resumes.je&ries@mail.house.gov with your name and “Speechwriter” in the subject
line. Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-028-25
Content Partnership Manager
The House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee seeks a Content Partnership
Manager. This role is at the intersection of digital media and political communications, with a focus
on supporting Democratic Members of Congress and amplifying their voices by building and
managing relationships with digital creators, streamers, and podcasters and ensuring e@ective
engagement with national and local audiences across various platforms.
Key Responsibilities:
§

Identify, cultivate, and manage relationships with creators, streamers, and podcasters. Use
these relationships to act as a liaison between content creators and Members of Congress
to facilitate meaningful interactions on political and non-political topics.

§

Secure opportunities for Members of Congress to appear on local and national digital
platforms and ensure e@ective messaging and maximum audience engagement. This will
include coordinating logistics for creator-driven content and events around key legislative
proceedings and moments such as joint congressional addresses.

§

Support Members and sta@ with best practices on engaging with digital media on their own,
with a particular focus on strategies to connect Members of Congress with local and
regional creators, streamers, and podcasters to amplify legislative priorities and personal
stories.

§

Develop and manage a robust data analytics program to track Members of Congress’
engagement with digital creators, streamers, and podcasters and use the ﬁndings to direct
their work to bolster Caucus-wide digital partnerships.

Preferred Qualiﬁcations and Skills
§

A minimum of 3-5 years of experience in digital communications, political communications,
public relations, or a related ﬁeld

§
§

A proven track record of managing partnerships or relationships with digital creators or
inﬂuencers.
Strong understanding of social media platforms, trends, and digital audience engagement.

§

Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

§

Ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment and meet tight deadlines.

Salary commensurate with experience.
This o@ice is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity or disability. Women and minority applicants are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send PDFs of resume, cover letter, and three professional references
to resumes.je@ries@mail.house.gov with your name and “Content Partnership Manager” in the
subject line. Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-034-25
House Committee on Veterans’ A1airs (Majority) Contracts Investigator
The House Committee on Veterans’ A&airs Majority sta& seeks a subject matter expert on
government procurement, contracting, and acquisition.

Core Responsibilities:
•

•

•
•
•

Under the supervision of the General Counsel for the Committee, the individual will
conduct oversight and develop policies relating to Department of Veterans A&airs
(VA) procurement, contracting, and acquisition.
The responsibilities encompass the entire VA, which includes the Veterans Beneﬁts
Administration, Veterans Health Administration, National Cemetery Administration,
and VA Central O&ice organizations. This also covers a wide range of activities such
as small-dollar procurement, contracting by negotiation, major acquisition, Federal
Supply Schedules, category management, construction, leasing, information
technology, health care, research and development, and small business.
Collect technical information and translate it into brieﬁngs, memoranda, hearing
materials, and policy recommendations for a general audience.
Meet with congressional sta&, veteran service organizations, industry organizations,
and internal and external stakeholders.
Perform other duties as assigned by the General Counsel, Committee Deputy Sta&
Director, and Committee Sta& Director.

Qualiﬁcations:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Undergraduate degree
Work experience in procurement operations, preferably as a contract specialist or
contracting o&icer in a federal agency
Command of the Federal Acquisition Regulation and familiarity with major
procurement laws
Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
Excellent oral communication skills
Thoroughness and attention to detail
Discretion and sound judgment in formulating and recommending policy positions
Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and
courteous
Work independently as well as in teams
This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
Some domestic travel is required.

Beneﬁts:
•
•
•
•

Sick and Annual Leave
Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
Thrift Savings Plan
Federal Employees Group Life Insurance Program

•
•
•
•
•

Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Federal Transit Beneﬁt or parking
Student Loan Repayment Program

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Transportation and all
related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume
to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Contracts Investigator “in the subject line. Writing
samples and references may be requested. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-033-25
The Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams (NC12) seeks an experienced, highly
organized, and detail-oriented Scheduler for her Washington, DC office. This is not an
entry-level position. The ideal candidate will possess exceptional time management skills,
the ability to prioritize and manage competing demands, and the capacity to perform well
under pressure in a fast-paced environment. The Scheduler is responsible for managing
the Congresswoman’s complex schedule, organizing official travel, and acting as a liaison
with various stakeholders, including constituents, fellow Members of Congress,
distinguished guests, and leaders from public, private, and nonprofit sectors.
The Scheduler will work closely with the Member, Chief of Staff, and Deputy Chief of
Staff/District Director to ensure the smooth coordination of the Member's day-to-day
activities and long-term commitments.
Key Responsibilities:
1. Scheduling & Coordination:
o Manage and maintain the Congresswoman’s daily and long-term schedule, ensuring all
appointments, meetings, events, and travel are accounted for.
o Receive, prioritize, and organize incoming scheduling requests from internal and external
stakeholders.

o Communicate with external organizations, constituents, and other congressional offices
to coordinate scheduling requests, events, and meetings.
o Maintain flexibility to accommodate changes to the schedule throughout the day and
ensure the Congresswoman is briefed on updates in real time.
o Ensure that all meetings, events, and activities are properly logged and tracked.
2. Travel & Logistics:
o Coordinate all travel arrangements for the Congresswoman, including transportation,
lodging, and related logistics.
o Work with the Chief of Staff and Deputy Chief of Staff to coordinate travel schedules and
ensure seamless transitions between office duties and travel commitments.
o Manage travel-related expenses, including collecting receipts and submitting for
reconciliation with the financial administrator.
3. Briefing & Preparation:
o Work with the Member and relevant staff to prepare daily briefing materials, including key
meeting objectives, background information, and travel logistics.
o Provide daily and weekly briefings to the Congresswoman on upcoming events,
meetings, and other scheduling matters.
4. Liaison & Communication:
o Serve as the primary point of contact for coordinating scheduling with key stakeholders,
including Members of Congress, Congressional staff, government officials, donors,
advocates, and other influential partners.
o Ensure timely and professional communication with constituents, including responding
to scheduling inquiries and arranging meetings or office visits as appropriate.
o Collaborate with other congressional offices, leadership staff, and external organizations
to ensure seamless scheduling and minimize conflicts.
5. Administrative Support:
o Track and manage the Congresswoman’s messages, telephone calls, and emails as
requested, ensuring timely follow-up, follow-through and prioritization.
o Assist with administrative tasks as needed, including drafting correspondence,
managing schedules, and other office support functions.
Salary & Benefits:
• Salary: commensurate with experience.
• Benefits: Eligible for transit benefits, student loan repayment assistance, and other
standard congressional office benefits. Additional benefits to be discussed during the
interview process.
Application Process:
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, a resume, and three references to
NC12.resume@mail.house.gov with “[NAME] –Scheduler” in the subject line.

MEM-032-25
Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-5) seeks a Legislative Assistant to join her
Washington, D.C. office. The position will primarily be responsible for managing an active
policy portfolio based on both the office’s needs and the selected candidate’s interests.
The Congresswoman’s priorities include advocating for family-first policies, lowering the
cost of living, promoting economic growth, and making government work better for all
Americans. This position will not handle the House Financial Services Committee portfolio.
Responsibilities
• Develop legislative initiatives and collaborate closely with the legislative and
communications teams to advance the Congresswoman’s priorities.
• Monitor legislative developments in Congress and the Administration and provide vote
recommendations.
• Meet with constituents and advocacy groups, draft briefing materials, and prepare talking
points.
• Staff the Congresswoman at relevant meetings and events.
• Other tasks as assigned
This is not an entry-level position and previous relevant policy and/or Capitol Hill
experience is required. Oregon-ties are a plus.
Preference will be given to candidates who understand the appropriations process, have a
customer service-first attitude, and can anticipate the evolving needs of a battleground
member. Successful candidates are those who have a constant appetite to learn about
legislative processes, possess entrepreneurial skills, and demonstrate the ability to adapt
to the fast-paced environment of a new member office.
Our office is committed to diversity and does not discriminate based on race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin. We
encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please send in a single PDF: cover letter, resume, and contact information for
three professional references to BynumOregonJobs@gmail.com with the subject line
“Legislative Assistant – [Your Name].” The office will contact the most qualified candidates
to begin the interview process on a rolling basis.

MEM-031-25
The House O&ice of the Legislative Counsel provides legislative drafting services to the
committees and Members of the United States House of Representatives on a nonpartisan, impartial, and conﬁdential basis. Our goal is to work with committees and

Members to understand their policy preferences in order to implement those preferences
through clear, concise, and legally e&ective legislative language.
Position Description:
A Clerk/Paralegal for the O&ice of the Legislative Counsel assists the attorneys and teams
of the O&ice to meet the legislative drafting needs of the House of Representatives through
a wide variety of activities. This position will report to the Executive Assistant and does not
have any supervisory responsibilities.
Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
•

•
•
•
•

Assisting attorneys in the O&ice with the creation of legislative text, including by
formatting text provided from a variety of sources, making edits from marked copy,
and working collaboratively with attorneys in person and using Microsoft Teams.
Carefully editing legislative text to minimize errors during the process of formatting,
updating, or drafting the text and e&ectively communicating issues discovered.
Drafting certain types of legislation, under the supervision of an attorney, while
working directly with the o&ices of House Members.
Administrative tasks, including maintaining equipment in the O&ice.
Additional duties as assigned.

A successful candidate for the position of Clerk/Paralegal should possess the following:
• Excellent written and oral communication skills.
• Attention to detail.
• Knowledge of, and experience with, various information and o&ice systems,
including word processing and email (candidates experienced in working with XML
encouraged).
• Ability to self-start, multi-task, and e&ectively prioritize under tight deadlines.
• Ability to work both independently and cooperatively.
• Willingness to learn, including a willingness to initiate learning and ask questions.
Qualiﬁcations:
To be eligible for the position of Clerk/Paralegal, an applicant must (1) be a U.S. citizen, and
(2) have a bachelor’s degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience
(candidates with paralegal training encouraged).
In addition, a successful applicant must (1) have a willingness to work a ﬂexible schedule,
including late evenings and occasional weekends, given the varying demands of the
congressional schedule, and (2) have an ability to be impartial, in appearance as well as in
fact, on matters of politics and public policy.

Disclaimer:
The House O&ice of the Legislative Counsel is dedicated to building an inclusive, diverse,
and accessible workplace. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color,
national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), disability, or age.
Continued employment is contingent upon satisfactorily completing a criminal history
records check (or other applicable security clearance).
How to Apply:
Qualiﬁed candidates please submit your cover letter and resume by February 10, 2024 via
this link.

MEM-030-25
Representative Jill Tokuda (D-HI-02) seeks an experienced candidate for a Legislative
Assistant / senior LA / policy advisor to lead her work on the House Agriculture
Committee. This portfolio will consist of other topics that may include energy, the
environment, ﬁnancial services, and other economic issues.
The ideal candidate will have at least two years of substantive policy experience and work
on the Hill. Responsibilities include sta&ing the Representative, monitoring committee and
Floor activities, developing and advancing legislative initiatives, reviewing constituent
correspondence, coordinating with the communications team and District O&ice, and
representing the member and the o&ice at events and meetings.
Qualiﬁed candidates will have strong communication skills, relevant policy experience, a
positive and can-do attitude, and a willingness to work in a fast-paced, collaborative
environment.
This is not an entry-level position and will report to the legislative director.
Please send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and a list of three references in a
single PDF to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com with “Agriculture Legislative Sta&er – [Last Name,
First Name]” in the subject line.
The o&ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. Diverse candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Salary and title will be
commensurate with experience and qualiﬁcations. Please mention any Hawai‘i ties in your
cover letter. This position is based in Representative Tokuda’s Washington, DC o&ice. The
o&ice will conduct interviews with the most qualiﬁed candidates on a rolling basis. No calls
or drop-ins, please.

MEM-027-25
Sta1 Assistant
The Majority staff of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure seeks an
organized and self-motivated candidate for the position of Staff Assistant.
Responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting office visitors, maintaining
meeting room schedules, general office administrative duties, and compiling materials for
members and staff for use during committee activity. Staff assistants also assist in
executing operational support necessary for committee events including roundtables,
hearings, and markups.
Ideal candidates will be well-organized, dependable, and hardworking with demonstrated
experience in high-pressure work environments.
Previous Capitol Hill internship experience is required.
Interested candidates should send a resume to tirepresumes@mail.house.gov using the
position and their name in the subject line.

MEM-026-25
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR
Congressman Greg Steube is seeking an experienced, highly motivated Communications
Director to spearhead the office’s strategic communications efforts. This individual will
manage all aspects of media relations, content creation, and digital strategy. The ideal
candidate will be an exceptional writer, a strong strategic thinker, and a skilled manager
who thrives in a fast-paced environment.
Key Responsibilities:
• Pitch and book local and national media regularly to ensure strong and consistent
coverage.
• Develop and maintain strong relationships with local and national press to amplify the
Congressman’s message.
• Create daily social media content (including graphic design) and write compelling
statements, press releases, media advisories, op-eds, radio ad scripts, and the weekly
newsletter.
• Draft talking points, speeches, and key messaging for public appearances and
interviews.

• Oversee and manage a large communications budget, covering areas such as mass
mailers, digital ads, radio ads, text messages, surveys, and email campaigns.
• Produce, edit, and clip video content for use on social media and other platforms.
The Communications Director will also manage a Deputy Communications Director to
help execute these tasks and ensure smooth operations across all communications
initiatives.
Qualifications & Skills:
• Proven experience in strategic communications, public relations, and/or media
relations—ideally in a political, public affairs, or government context.
• Strong writing, editing, and verbal communication skills, with the ability to craft concise,
persuasive messaging under tight deadlines.
• Solid understanding of social media platforms, digital advertising, and video content
creation.
• Strong organizational, time-management, and project management skills with the ability
to juggle multiple priorities simultaneously.
• Experience managing budgets and working with vendors, including for advertising and
media buys.
• A self-starter who can work independently and as part of a dynamic team.
Preferred Qualifications:
• Experience working in a Congressional office or political campaign.
• Familiarity with video production tools (Adobe Premiere, Final Cut Pro, etc.).
• Knowledge of local and national political landscape, with a particular understanding of
Congressman Steube’s policy priorities and messaging.
Interested applicants should send resume and cover letter to:
Floridarepublicanjob@gmail.com

MEM-025-25
PRESS SECRETARY
The Office of Rep. French Hill (AR02) seeks to fill the position of Press
Secretary. Candidates should have at least three years of prior relevant experience in
communications and / or press roles.
The Press Secretary is responsible for driving an established press strategy that combines
both local and national press goals. Responsibilities include overseeing the preparation of
all communications materials and preparation of all digital, audio and print content,
including graphics. Responsibilities also include managing media relations and developing
contacts with members of the media and community leaders. Where necessary, the Press
Secretary acts as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Congressman.

Excellent verbal and written communications skills are required, as are proficiency and
flexibility with communications technologies. This role requires the production of
numerous types of communications products including press releases, op-eds, talking
points, newsletters, speeches, and social media posts. Having an established network of
media contacts is a plus as is prior management experience.
Desired attributes include the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and an
openness to learning new technologies and communications tools. The Press Secretary is
a member of the Senior Staff team.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.

MEM -024-25
FIELD REPRESENTATIVE
Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks Field Representative for office in Santa
Rosa, California, to cover the town of Sonoma. The Field Representative serves as the
Member's community representative for issues and programs within their assigned areas,
including monitoring and updating the Member and their colleagues on important local
issues, emerging trends, and critical developments. They also represent the Member at
community events and meetings, schedule the Member while in the district, prepare and
attend meetings and events with the Member, answer casework correspondence and
verbal communications with constituents, act as liaison with federal, district, and local
agencies for the Member and constituents, and other duties important to serving the
people of the congressional district.
Job Duties:
• Coordinates with the Member and colleagues to ensure outreach efforts align with the
Member’s strategic vision, goals, and priorities
• Collaborates with district and D.C. colleague to ensure district priorities are aligned and
inform the Member’s legislative strategy
• Serves as a liaison with federal government entities for individual constituent concerns,
including the handling of constituent casework
• Collaborates with colleagues to schedule the Member while in their assigned areas in the
district
• Assesses casework trends and identifies issues requiring legislative action and/or
additional Congressional oversight
• Informs the Member and colleagues on any important developments and current events
impacting the district

• Builds and maintains positive relationships with constituents, key community leaders,
and other stakeholders
• Tracks news stories and social media posts for the Member and colleagues, including the
communications team
• Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal officials and stakeholders to form effective
relationships for the Member
• Attends events to serve as a representative for the Member, as determined by their
supervisor
• Handles various community issues in accordance with office policies and procedures.
• Support Office in executing public meetings and annual Congressional activities such as
the Congressional Art Competition, Congressional App Competition, and other similar
events.
• Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and ensure
work is completed in an efficient and effective manner
• Understands differing perspectives and opinions to navigate conflicts and develop
solutions effectively
Featured Skills: Candidates must be a self-starter, hard-working, highly dependable,
adaptable, and organized as well as possess strong oral and written communication skills
and the ability to work quickly under pressure. Good judgment, strong customer service
and interpersonal skills, ability to develop and collaborate with coalitions, works well in a
team environment, a passion for public service, and availability to work evenings and
weekends are required. Driver’s license and access to vehicle is required. Bachelor's
degree or equivalent combination of education and experience preferred. Prior experience
developing a community relations strategy for a Member of Congress, elected official, or
Federal agency is preferred. Familiarity with Member's district, especially Rohnert Park,
Cotati, and Penngrove, is preferred. Ability to communicate in multiple languages,
especially Spanish, is highly desirable.
Salary Level/Range: $59,540 - $68,093
Applicant Instructions: Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two
writing samples and three references to ca04districtstaff@gmail.com with the Subject
Line: Field Representative Vacancy. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, or national origin.

MEM-022-25
DISTRICT CASEWORKER (Social Security and Medicare)
SUMMARY : Congresswoman Madeleine Dean (PA-04) seeks a mo9vated and organized
individual to join her team as a Congressional Caseworker based in Glenside, PA. This posi9on

serves as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies on behalf of the Member and her
cons9tuents. The Caseworker will handle a porHolio of issue areas while serving as the lead on
all Social Security and Medicare concerns through casework correspondence and verbal
communica9on with cons9tuents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
• Acts as the representa9ve for the Member in the realm of Social Security and Medicare
including answering casework correspondence, mee9ng with cons9tuents, verbal
communica9ons with cons9tuents, and serving as a liaison with other federal, district,
and local agencies.
• Informs the Member and District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned issue
areas.
• Handles and priori9zes casework assignments while assis9ng with general intake,
cons9tuent services requests, and communica9on in an oﬃce environment.
• Assesses casework inquiries for problems requiring legisla9ve ac9on and makes
recommenda9ons to the District Director and Chief of Staﬀ.
• Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district oﬃces.
• Logs all incoming and outgoing mail and telephone calls rela9ng to casework in
Customer Rela9onship Management (CRM) system.
• Prepares periodic reports for the Casework Manager on pending cases and district
ac9vi9es in his or her assigned issue areas.
• Con9nually screens ac9ve cases and acts as liaison with cons9tuents to ensure that their
cases are handled in a responsive manner.
• Maintains up-to-date ﬁles on all cases and issues of importance to the oﬃce.
• Maintains a good working rela9onship with the Member, staﬀ, and cons9tuents.
• Accepts performance-based cri9cism and direc9ons.
• Works well under pressure and handles stress.
• Performs other du9es as assigned.
• Works Monday – Friday 8:30am – 4:30pm, with occasional nights and weekends for
town hall mee9ngs and other special events.
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong oral and wriYen communica9on skills.
• Knowledge of legisla9ve process and of House organiza9on and procedures.
• Knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments—especially regarding
Social Security and Medicare programming.
• Professional telephone manner.
• Strong organiza9on and follow-up skills.
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personali9es in a tacHul, pleasant, and
professional manner.
• Ability to work coopera9vely and courteously with others.
• Thoroughness and careful aYen9on to detail.
• Ability to exercise discre9on and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibili9es.

•
•
•

Knowledge of oﬃce policies, prac9ces, and procedures.
Knowledge of oﬃce computer applica9ons.
Proﬁciency in word processing as well as with oﬃce equipment: scanner, copier, printer,
desktop computer.

TO APPLY:
All interested candidates should email a resume and cover leYer directly to
mdeanhiring@gmail.com with the subject line “Caseworker – [Applicant’s Last Name]
The oﬃce is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orienta<on, gender iden<ty and expression, na<onal origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-021-25
HOUSE COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS
TITLE: Communications Director, House Committee on Veterans’ A&airs Democratic Sta&
SUMMARY: The Democratic Sta& of the House Committee on Veterans’ A&airs seeks a
Communications Director to implement the Ranking Member’s Committee
communications strategy.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES FOR COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR ROLE
• Serve as primary communications advisor for the Ranking Member and Democratic
Committee Sta&
• Manage the execution of the communications strategy
• Oversee day-to-day press activities, including responding to media inquiries,
booking interviews, and pitching news stories to media outlets
• Work with policy leads to develop core messaging and talking points
• Produce press releases, speeches, op-eds, and materials that are at or near
ﬁnished product
• Supervise other press sta&
• Assist with the development of talking points, remarks, statements, press releases,
advisories, and caucus messaging guides
• Assist with the coordination, preparation, and execution of media interviews,
speaking engagements, and press conferences
• Monitor and track media appearances, manage media relationships, and work with
policy subject matter experts to identify opportunities for media engagement
• Assist with rapid response e&orts
• Coordinate with Committee Member o&ices on any press related needs
• Sta& Ranking Member at press events

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
• Superior writing, editing, and oral communications skills
• Creative thinker with innovative approaches and an understanding of digital media
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, prioritize tasks, and adapt quickly and
easily for rapid response
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
• Availability to work non-traditional hours
EXCEPTIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
• Capitol Hill or political experience or a demonstrated knowledge of Congress and
the legislative process
• 3-4 years of experience, with on the record experience as a press secretary or other
communications role
• Experience working with stakeholders on messaging opportunities and priorities
• Demonstrated understanding or experience with veterans issues
Candidates will be evaluated on experience, skills, character and ﬁtness, and how well
they meet the qualiﬁcations and requirements above. To build a diverse and more inclusive
work environment, veterans, minorities, women, people with disabilities, and LGBTQ+
candidates are encouraged to apply. Salary range $90K-$110K, commensurate with
experience.
All candidates are required to complete an online application at https://democratsveterans.house.gov/opportunities to be considered for this position. There you can upload
your resume, cover letter, and two professional writing samples.

MEM-019-25
Press Assistant
The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Sta& seeks a motivated and
hardworking communications professional to join fast-paced communications team as a
Press Assistant.
Responsibilities include:
• Drafting press releases, social media posts, talking points, and the committee
newsletter;
• Designing graphics for both social media and web content;
• Producing and editing videos and photos;
• Monitoring social media;
• Maintaining and updating press lists; and
• Compiling daily press clips.

Qualiﬁed candidates must have excellent written and oral communication skills, a proven
ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks and sound political
judgment.
Prior Hill or campaign communications experience, as well as professional social media
and digital experience (including graphic design and photo and video editing), is preferred.
Our o&ice deeply values the diversity of our employees and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
Salary: $65,000
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, one writing sample, and two
digital samples to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. Please no walk ins or phone calls.

MEM-016-25
Position Location: Washington, DC
The O&ice of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking an experienced Senior
Legislative Assistant to handle a comprehensive portfolio that could include the following
issues: education, childcare, tax, ﬁnancial services, housing, healthcare, labor,
transportation, commerce and small business. The issue set will depend on the
candidate’s experience and interests. We encourage individuals with legislative, research
and writing experience to apply and we will discuss the issue set more in depth through the
interview process.
This position requires the ability to advance Congresswoman Jayapal's legislative priorities
in their issue portfolio. The ideal candidate will come with previous legislative experience,
including the knowledge and abilities to drive issues with traditional legislative tools (i.e.
committee work, bill introductions) as well as organizing tools (i.e. events with partners, in
district town halls).
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Driving current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation, legislative
drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as speeches, policy memos,
and factsheets;
• Preparing and sta&ing the Congresswoman for relevant committee hearing and
markups; drafting hearing remarks and questions;
• Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
• Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal
• stakeholders including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow

• Congressional and Committee o&ices; and
• Carrying out additional duties as required.
•
Job Requirements:
• 4 -6 years of relevant experience including policy development and analysis; issue
advocacy; and strategic planning;
• Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
• Excellent writing and time management skills;
• Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is appropriate
for the o&ice;
• Poised, level-headed, ﬂexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
• Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The O&ice of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer. Women,
people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State
and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is strongly preferred.
Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and references
in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant: [Applicant’s
First and Last Name]” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-015-25

Congresswoman Summer L. Lee (D-Pittsburgh) has an immediate need to hire an
experienced legislative sta&er to serve as the o&ice’s Senior Legislative Assistant. This
full-time, exempt position is based in the Washington, D.C. o&ice. The Senior LA will be
responsible for sta&ing the Education and Workforce Committee as well as handling a
diverse portfolio of issue including science, space, and technology; ﬁnancial services;
small business; banking; insurance; taxes; telecommunications; international a&airs;
defense; veterans; and economic development. Additional issue areas may be assigned as
needed. This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate will have prior legislative
experience and a demonstrated ability to translate policy ideas into successful legislative
outcomes. District or state ties are a plus.
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples in a single pdf by 1/26/25 to PA12Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please include “Ed &
Labor Senior LA– [your name]” in the subject line. The o&ice will contact the best qualiﬁed
candidates to begin our interview process on a rolling basis.
Job Expectations:
The Legislative Assistant serves as the Member's primary expert on an assigned set of
public policy issues and works closely with the Legislative Director and Chief of Sta& to
develop and execute a coordinated legislative strategy for the Member. This position also

prepares the Member for Committee hearings and markups and attends meetings with
constituents, visitors, and other key stakeholders. This is not an entry-level position. The
ideal candidate will have prior legislative experience and a demonstrated ability to
translate policy ideas into successful legislative outcomes.
Job Duties:
• Collaborate with the Legislative Director and Chief of Sta& to formulate and
advance legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas
• Plans, coordinates, and schedules to introduce legislation in the House (or o&ering
it on an appropriate vehicle if it is in an amendment)
• Developing and analyzing legislation and policy
• Drafting remarks, talking points, and memos
• Prepares brieﬁng materials for Member in advance of committee hearings, markups,
and meetings
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Building and maintaining strong relationships with constituent and stakeholder
groups
Drafting letters to stakeholders, the Administration, and other Members
Sta&ing the Congresswoman in meetings, events, hearings, and markups
Managing multiple projects in a fast-paced environment.
Considers and addresses di&ering perspectives and opinions to navigate conﬂicts
and develop solutions e&ectively
Tracks legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas to brief the
Member for ﬂoor work, committee work, and work in the district
Provides information to generate ideas and make decisions pertaining to press,
mass mailings, and newsletters
Provides district o&ice sta& with targeted information to assist preparation for
community events and town hall meetings
Provides input to assist the Communications Director with draft speeches, press
releases, op-eds, and Congressional Record statements for the Member
Assists LC in the answering of constituent letters in assigned issue areas and
assists constituents with federal matters
Acts as a liaison with committee and Federal departments/agencies to
communicate and coordinate information regarding speciﬁc legislative matters
when assigned

Salary Level/Range:
$68,000 - $78,000, commensurate with experience
Required Skills:
• Attention to Detail: Performs work thoroughly and accurately; acts conscientiously
when attending to detail.

•
•

Legislative Knowledge: Applies understanding of laws, legal codes, precedents,
legislative practices and documents, Government regulations, Executive orders,
Government organization and functions, and the democratic political process.
Coalition Build

MEM-014-25

The o&ice of Representative Maxwell Frost (D-FL) is seeking a dynamic and creative
individual to join our communications team as a Creative Director. This is a fast-paced,
progressive environment with a forward-thinking principal who is not afraid to try new
things.
This o&ice prides itself on fostering a collaborative work environment where creativity,
teamwork, and an outside-the-box approach are highly valued. A passion for digital
strategy, visual storytelling, and innovative political communication is a must. This is not an
entry-level position.
The Creative Director will work closely with and report to the Communications Director to
help shape and execute the visual and digital strategy for the Representative’s publicfacing and internal initiatives, and o&er strategic digital insight and assistance related to
the Member’s leadership role as part of the Democratic Policy and Communications
Committee. This role will manage the day-to-day operations of the o&ice’s design work and
digital content, including but not limited to graphic design, social media assets, digital
video, website visuals, and email campaigns.
Key Responsibilities:
• Digital Strategy & Creative Leadership: Lead the development and execution of
innovative digital strategies to elevate the Representative’s presence on social
media, websites, email campaigns, and other digital platforms. Ensure that all
creative work is aligned with the o&ice’s values and goals.
• Graphic Design & Visual Communication: Design high-quality graphics for digital
and print materials, including social media assets, infographics, posters, digital ads,
and more, all in line with the Member’s existing branding and style guide. Expertise
in the Adobe Creative Suite is required.
• Content Creation & Coordination: Collaborate with the Communications Director,
Legislative and District teams, and Member to create compelling multimedia
content. This includes coordinating the production of graphics, videos, and other
creative content for various platforms – from ideation to creation.
• Media Buys & Metrics & Evaluation: Make strategic suggestions for paid
communications campaigns on various digital platforms and assist in tracking the
e&ectiveness of creative strategies, using data and feedback to iterate and improve
future content. Monitor the performance of digital content across platforms,
adjusting strategies as needed.

•

•

Artist & Inﬂuencer Relations: Collaborate with the Communications Director help
maintain and establish relationships with artists and digital thought leaders and
content creators through strategic partnership opportunities aimed at advancing the
Member’s policy and legislative initiatives.
Our o&ice is uniquely plugged into local and national music and creative arts issues
so a passion for this is a plus.

Experience: At least 2-3 years of experience in creative or digital strategy, with a focus on
graphic design and content creation.
Prior experience working in political campaigns, progressive causes, or government o&ices
is preferred.
Skills & Expertise: Advanced proﬁciency in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator,
InDesign, After E&ects, Premiere Pro) and other design tools. Strong understanding of
digital platforms and the role of design in social media, online engagement, and web
communication. Experience with digital video production and editing. Ability to juggle
multiple projects and work under tight deadlines in a fast-paced, team-oriented
environment. Strong attention to detail and a keen eye for visual storytelling and design.
Florida and Orlando ties are a plus.
To Apply: Please send a resume and portfolio of relevant design work (including samples of
digital campaigns or social media assets) to FrostHiring@gmail.com by January 31st.

MEM-013-25
Position Overview:
Congresswoman Sarah McBride (DE-AL) is seeking a Legislative Assistant for her
Washington, D.C. o&ice. This position will focus on a diverse legislative portfolio, including
the Congresswoman's work on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee.
The ideal candidate will be a self-starter with strong writing, research, and communication
skills, capable of producing high-quality work in a fast-paced environment. This is not an
entry-level position. Previous legislative experience in a congressional o&ice is required. A
positive attitude, attention to detail, the ability to thrive in a collaborative team
environment, and a good sense of humor are essential.
Key Responsibilities:
• Collaborate with the Congresswoman, Legislative Director, additional sta&, other
hill o&ices, and stakeholders to develop and advance legislative initiatives within
the assigned diverse legislative portfolio.
• Sta& the Congresswoman for her work on the Science, Space, and Technology
Committee, including writing remarks, managing relationships, and advancing
legislation.

•
•
•
•
•
•

Research and track legislation, coordinate bill co-sponsorships, and monitor
relevant committee and ﬂoor activities.
Draft policy memos and brieﬁng materials for the Congresswoman and senior sta&.
Brief the Congresswoman on legislative matters and assist in preparing her for
hearings, markups, and meetings.
Represent the Congresswoman in meetings with constituents, advocacy
organizations, and industry stakeholders.
Support state o&ice sta& by providing relevant legislative updates and assisting with
local initiatives.
Perform additional responsibilities as assigned.

Qualiﬁcations:
• Legislative experience in a congressional o&ice.
• Strong written and verbal communication skills.
• Ability to exercise sound judgment, make decisions under pressure, and navigate
challenging situations.
• Excellent organizational and time management skills to manage multiple projects
simultaneously.
Preferred:
• Familiarity with issues related to the Science, Space, and Technology Committee or
a demonstrated interest in science and technology policy.
Application Instructions:
Applicants should email their resume and a cover letter to
DEResumes@sarahmcbride.com with "Legislative Assistant" in the subject line.
Equal Opportunity Employer:
The o&ice of Congresswoman Sarah McBride is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity
and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.

MEM-012-25
Congresswoman Shontel M. Brown (OH-11) is seeking a full-time Operations
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent in her Washington, D.C. o&ice. The position reports
to the Administrative Director and Legislative Director. Responsibilities include logging
phone calls, greeting visitors, managing front o&ice operations, handling tour and ﬂag
requests, assisting with drafting constituent correspondence and managing the mail
program, overseeing the intern program, providing administrative support to the team, and
additional duties as assigned. A successful candidate will have excellent writing and

proofreading ability, outstanding organizational and time management capacity, strong
attention to detail, and the ability to work independently. Ohio ties are a plus.
TO APPLY: All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and
writing sample to Ohio11resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject "Operations
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent: Last Name, First Name". Our o&ice is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion,
national origin, age, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital or parental status, or
disability. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-011-25
Congressman Greg Stanton seeks a motivated Outreach Coordinator (full-time) in his
Mesa District O&ice to implement a strong constituency-based outreach program in the
4th Congressional District. This position will help build and maintain relationships with key
stakeholders and work to address local issues on the federal level.
An ideal candidate will have:
• Strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to work e&ectively in a
fast-paced environment
• Experience developing and maintaining relationships with constituents and
community leaders
• Ability to think strategically and creatively
• Strong decision-making skills
• Knowledge of issues and events in the district in which the Congressman has been
involved as well as a good understanding of federal-level policy work
• Understanding of the federal legislative process as well as federal agencies and
departments
• Previous experience working for an elected o&icial or as an issue/community
organizer
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
• Excellent organizational skills and careful attention to detail
• Valid driver’s license and access to a car
• Willingness to work evenings, weekends and irregular hours
• Ability to speak, read, and write in other languages is a plus
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Act as the representative for the Congressman within their area of responsibility
including answering correspondence, occasionally speaking at events, meeting with
constituents, and communicating with local stakeholders
• Inform the District Director of all happenings in their assigned issue areas by
screening district media sources and interacting with constituents

•
•
•
•

Coordinate and organize meetings and events with local stakeholders in their
assigned issue areas for the Congressman
Serve as a liaison to local, state, and federal o&icials and other people or groups to
form e&ective relationships for the Congressman
Work with other district and DC sta& to identify and promote the Congressman’s
legislative agenda
Track legislation, Dear Colleague Letters, and other developments in their assigned
issue areas and use this information to keep constituencies apprised and
connected to the Congressman’s work.

Congressman Stanton’s o&ice is an equal opportunity employer and candidates from
diverse and underrepresented backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. Salary is
commensurate with experience. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and
resume to AZ04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line “Outreach Coordinator.”

MEM-010-25
Congressman Greg Stanton seeks a highly motivated, detail-oriented Senior Outreach
Coordinator (full-time) in his District O&ice in Mesa, Arizona, to plan, manage, and execute
the outreach e&orts of the o&ice.
An ideal candidate will have:
• Strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to work e&ectively in a
fast-paced environment
• Expertise in developing and maintaining relationships with constituents and
community leaders
• Ability to think strategically and creatively
• Strong decision-making skills
• Knowledge of issues and events in the district in which the Congressman has been
involved as well as a good understanding of federal-level policy work
• Understanding of the federal legislative process as well as federal agencies and
departments
• Previous experience working for an elected o&icial or as an issue/community
organizer
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
• Excellent organizational skills and careful attention to detail
• Valid driver’s license and access to a car
• Flexibility to work evenings, weekends and irregular hours
• Ability to speak, read, and write in other languages is a plus
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Work with the Chief of Sta&, District Director and Communications Director to plan,
coordinate, and execute the o&ice’s outreach e&orts

•
•

•

Develop, plan and execute meetings and events with local stakeholders for the
Congressman
Act as a representative for the Congressman, including answering correspondence,
occasionally speaking at events, meeting with constituents, and routinely
communicating with local stakeholders
Serve as a liaison to local, state, and federal o&icials and other people or groups to
form e&ective relationships for the Congressman

Congressman Stanton’s o&ice is an equal opportunity employer and candidates from
diverse and underrepresented backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. Salary is
commensurate with experience. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and
resume to AZ04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line “Senior Outreach Coordinator.

MEM-009-25
Digital Media Manager – Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01)
The O&ice of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking a digital media manager. This
position is responsible for developing a proactive constituent communications strategy
and plan. Primary responsibilities include: drafting press releases and talking points,
writing email newsletters for targeted constituent coalitions, promoting the congressman’s
district events and engagements, maintaining the communications content calendar,
overseeing website management and updates, branding through graphic design and
video/audio editing, managing social media accounts and analyzing their performance
metrics, and maintaining the Member’s photo and video database. They will work with the
communications director to ﬁnd new ways to grow the congressman’s following, increase
his name ID in the district, and maintain synergy across communications materials.
This is not an entry-level position. A strong candidate will have 1-2 years of experience and
will be a creative, proactive communicator familiar with social media, the legislative
process, website maintenance, as well as photography, graphic design, and video editing.
Excellent writing and organization skills are required. An ability to multitask and work under
tight deadlines is necessary. Candidates must have previous congressional or political
communications experience; ties to Virginia are helpful but not required.
Interested applicants should email a resume and two writing samples to
Julianne.Heberlein@mail.house.gov with “Digital Media Manager” in the subject line.

MEM-008-25
District Special Assistant – Congressman Mike Flood (NE-01)
The primary responsibility of the District Special Assistant is to transport the Member and
other sta& members to meetings and appointments as necessary, deliver and pickup

materials for the o&ice, sta& the Member at various meetings, and serve as a personal aide
to the Member when he is in the district. When the Member is in DC, the Special Assistant
will assist the district sta& with ﬁeld rep duties and casework. Typical responsibilities may
include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Transportation of the Member for their o&icial duties.
Deliver and pickup materials for the o&ice, including letters, packages, and
documents from other government agencies.
Working with the Scheduler to be aware of the Member’s schedule.
Running errands and assisting the District Director with supplies and other misc.
administrative matters.
Assisting in sorting and delivering mail.
Sta&ing the Member at various meetings and events.
Serving as a personal aide to the Member, tending to various needs as they arise
while he is in the district.

•

Assisting the Field Reps with events, meetings, and correspondence as necessary.

•

Assisting with casework as necessary.

The requirements for this position are:
•
•
•
•
•

•

•
•
•
•
•

Located in Norfolk, NE or willingness to relocate.
Regular, predictable and punctual attendance at assigned locations required for
performance of duties.
Ability to communicate e&ectively with the Member and o&ice sta&, Members and
representatives from other o&ices, outside organizations, and others.
Ability to work most weekends as the Member’s schedule dictates, with less work
expected on weekdays when the Member is in DC.
Ability to handle di&icult and sometimes tense interactions with members of the
public, including constituents, with tact while also prioritizing the well-being of the
Member.
Work is public-facing and requires frequent interaction with members of the public,
including constituents, in a courteous and tactful manner. Work requires extended
and unscheduled hours as dictated by the Member’s schedule and o&ice needs.
Work requires regularly driving the Member with the individual’s personal vehicle.
Must possess a valid driver’s license and have a good driving record. A personal
vehicle used to drive the Member is not necessarily required.
Regularly lifts and moves luggage, books, ﬁles, documents, and other o&ice
materials.
Must be able to prioritize and perform duties under pressure in a fast-paced
environment.
Regularly use typical o&ice equipment, software programs, and methods of
communication, including, for example, a computer, email, telephone, smartphone,
photocopier, fax machine, etc.

Interested applicants should send their resume, cover letter, and references
to FloodHiring@mail.house.gov

MEM-005-25
Congresswoman Nydia Velázquez (D-NY-07) is seeking a strong writer and creative thinker
with a sense of humor to serve as Sta1 and Press Assistant in a fast-paced and highly
collaborative Capitol Hill o&ice. The candidate will be responsible for managing and
maintaining a high-volume constituent correspondence system and responding to
constituent letters and phone calls in a timely manner. Press responsibilities will include
compiling daily news clips, drafting press releases, quotes, social media posts, enewsletters, and 499’s, and managing digital presence. Strong video, graphic design, and
social media skills are required.
The successful candidate will be a self-starter, hardworking, highly dependable, and
organized, as well as possess strong oral and written communication skills and the ability
to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure.
Previous experience on Capitol Hill is preferred; New York City ties and bilingual Spanish
speaking is a plus. The o&ice does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity and expression, marital
status, parental status, or sexual orientation in any of its activities or operations.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
The starting salary for this position is $55,000.
Interested applicants should email their resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to communicationsjob@gmail.com with the subject line “Sta& and Press Assistant
Application” no later than January, 24, 2025. Please no unsolicited drop-ins, phone calls, or
emails to the o&ice.

MEM-530-24
TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial A&airs,
House Committee on Veterans’ A&airs, Majority Sta&
REPORTS TO: Majority Sta& Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial
A&airs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Provide administrative and research support to Subcommittee sta& and assists with
duties as assigned.

DUTIES:
• Maintain Subcommittee archives of activities, including Member and stakeholder
engagements.
• Travel and conduct oversight visits at agency locations.
• Draft trip reports, requests to agencies for information (including tracking deadlines),
hearing recaps, and other work product relevant to the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction.
• Subcommittee casework as assigned.
• Answer telephone and respond to caller inquiries.
• Keep abreast of emails, including Member inquiries and agency notiﬁcations.
• Organize and maintain Subcommittee electronic records, including meeting notes,
agency reports, other documents.
• Participate in sta&-level discussions on legislation being considered; draft policy
memoranda as assigned.
• Assist with due diligence being performed as part of the Subcommittee’s oversight duties,
including requesting information from agencies on matters within the Subcommittee
jurisdiction.
• Assist with hearing preparation and coordination of hearings, including drafting
memoranda and remarks for Chairman.
• Attend meetings with agencies, veteran service organizations, and other parties, and
maintain notes on such meetings.
• Assist with the drafting of memoranda for the full Committee and Subcommittee
Chairman on matters within the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Review the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and other
publications for matters of interest to Subcommittee Members and sta&.
• Assist with developing policy recommendations and serve as a resource for Members
both on and o& Committee.
• Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Subcommittee
Chairman, full Committee Sta& Director or Deputy Sta& Director, and Subcommittee Sta&
Director, and assisting other Committee sta&, as needed.
• This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science.
REQUIRED SKILLS:
• Strong research skills. Legal research skills (e.g., LexisNexis) is a plus.
• Strong writing and editing skills.
•Strong Microsoft O&ice proﬁciency, including expertise in Word and the ability to use
Excel.
•Strong organizational skills.
•Strong verbal communication.
•Excellent attention to detail.
•Excellent listening skills.

•Strong ability to manage ﬂuctuating workloads and juggle and prioritize tasks, including
managing short-, medium-, and long-term tasks.
•Team oriented.
•Excellent ability to work well under pressure and time constraints.
•Problem solving and analytical skills are a plus.
•Potential to work independently.
BENEFITS: Employees may be eligible for the following beneﬁts:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Beneﬁts
•Many other supportive services and beneﬁts o&ered by the U.S. House of Representatives.
Other Information: Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S.
House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses
associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply: Qualiﬁed candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and one (1)
writing sample to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “DAMA
Republican Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-529-24
Rep. Nanette Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly talented and motivated Legislative
Assistant or Senior Policy Advisor in her Washington, DC o&ice – position title dependent
on experience. The primary responsibility for this position will be handling the Member’s
work on telecommunications issues as a member of the Energy and Commerce
Committee. Other priority issues in the legislative portfolio include; housing
homelessness, labor, education, and other issues as assigned.
Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, policy letters, memos, and talking points,
preparing for and sta&ing committee hearings, making vote recommendations, meeting
and maintaining relationships with constituents and advocacy groups, working closely with
the communications team and district sta&, advancing a number of the Member’s
legislative priorities, and other tasks as required. The position requires strong written and

oral communication skills, the ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced work
environment, and to work collaboratively in a team environment.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least 2-3 years of Capitol Hill
or relevant policy experience, be highly motivated, detail-oriented professionals with
strong organizational and time-management skills, a positive attitude, and the ability to
work under pressure and meet deadlines in a fast-paced work environment.
Candidates with previous experience in telecommunications policy and working
knowledge of the FCC and NTIA are preferred. Applicants should also have experience with
coalition building and the ability to maintain strategic relationships with constituent
organizations.
Previous experience working on housing and homelessness issues, Los Angeles Metro
Area|Southern California ties, and Spanish language skills are a plus.
Salary range is $60-80,000 - commensurate with skills and experience.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, two references, and two writing
samples with “Telecomm Legislative Assistant” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The o&ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-528-24
Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced Communications
Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press operation. Applicants must be
creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing and
executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social media, that
encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets. The Communications Director
will oversee day-to-day press operations, including coordinating and managing the press
team; responding to media inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news
opportunities to media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events;
managing the Member’s social media accounts and o&icial website; editing/drafting
speeches, talking points, ﬂoor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.

They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Sta&, Legislative Director,
and District Director to develop and coordinate core messaging. The Communications
Director is responsible for maintaining the Congresswoman’s voice across all
communications materials, with an emphasis on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and
connecting the Congresswoman’s values and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or o& Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized, proﬁcient in multitasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and possess superior writing, editing,
and proofreading skills.
Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with radio/TV
bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended hours and
oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, a cover letter including salary requirements, and two
writing samples with the subject line “Communications
Director” to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The o&ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-524-24
District Representative for California’s 49th Congressional District
Description: The sta& member in this position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and
local agencies for the Member of Congress and constituents. The District Representative is
charged with helping constituents with casework and engaging the residents of the 49th
Congressional District, including planning meetings and events with the Member of
Congress. This position is based in Oceanside.
Responsibilities: The person in this role is speciﬁcally responsible for building and
maintaining relationships with a variety of communities throughout CA-49, especially in
Encinitas, Solana Beach, and Del Mar. This role involves handling constituent casework

with various federal agencies, with a focus on the Department of Homeland Security and
the Department of State. Other responsibilities include planning and sta&ing in-district
events, meetings, and site visits; working closely with the District O&ice and Washington,
DC o&ice sta& on local and assigned policy issues and areas; and establishing
relationships with local groups, including attendance at key meetings and ensuring the
o&ice is tracking events and functions to facilitate the Member’s attendance.
Qualiﬁcations: Successful applicants should have a thorough knowledge of California’s
49th district, familiarity with the communities of Encinitas, Solana Beach, and Del Mar, a
service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills, proﬁciency at prioritizing and
managing multiple projects at one time, a capacity to work both independently and as part
of a team, and strong written and oral communications skills. Preference may be given to
residents of the 49th District.
The salary for this position is $50,000 to $60,000, commensurate with experience.
To Apply: Please send resume, cover letter, and three professional references
to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov
Veterans are encouraged to apply.
This o1ice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression,
or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our employees and encourage
candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply, including women, people of color, and
members of the LGBTQIA community.

MEM-523-24
The Democratic Staff of the House Budget Committee and Ranking Member Brendan F.
Boyle (PA-02) seek a creative and detail-oriented Digital Assistant to support digital
communications and public engagement efforts. This position will be split between the
committee office and personal office and will be based out of Washington D.C.
This position involves creating and scheduling content for social media platforms,
maintaining the committee’s website, producing multimedia materials (graphics, videos,
and infographics), and monitoring digital analytics to optimize outreach. The ideal
candidate will have 1-3 years of experience in digital communications, social media
management, or a similar role (Hill or campaign experience preferred), proficiency with
design and editing tools (e.g., Adobe Creative Suite, Canva), strong writing and editing
skills, and a passion for progressive policymaking.

Candidates should be highly organized, comfortable working under tight deadlines, and
familiar with social media analytics and website content management systems. A
bachelor’s degree in communications, political science, or a related field is preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and the position includes a competitive benefits
package.
This office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values mentorship and
professional development; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status. Candidates with diverse backgrounds,
women, people of color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, email a cover letter, resume, three examples of digital content, and contact
information for three references to budget-democrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with the
subject line: "[Name] – Digital Assistant Application." Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis.

MEM -522-24
The Office of Congressman Pat Ryan (NY-18) seeks a Press Secretary based in the
Washington DC office. Applicants should be prepared to join a highly-collaborative, highachieving team and possess an eagerness to grow and learn within the office. Ties to New
York’s 18th District are a plus.
The ideal candidate should demonstrate excellent writing and editing skills in addition to a
strong work ethic, good sense of humor, and keen attention to detail. The position will
require working non-traditional hours.
Responsibilities include:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Writing press releases, statements and media advisories
Drafting talking points and op-eds
Staffing the Congressman for interviews and media events
Planning press conferences and in-district events
Responding to press inquiries
Maintaining relationships and booking interviews with local press outlets
Other tasks as assigned

The Press Secretary will report to the Communications Director, and work closely with the
Chief of Staff, the District Director, the Digital Director, the Legislative Director, and other
legislative and district staff in creating, coordinating and executing the digital and written
content strategy to promote the Congressman’s legislative and district priorities. The
salary range for this position is $60,000 - $80,000, commensurate with experience.

The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three
references in a single PDF to ny18resumes@mail.house.gov with the job title and your full
name in the subject line (e.g.: “Press Secretary - Bryson Daily). No phone calls, faxes or
drop-ins, please. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-521-24
The Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. is seeking a Communications
Director that can work in Washington D.C. or the Charlotte, N.C. District Office.
The Communications Director is expected to work closely with the Chief of Staff, Deputy
Chief of Staff / District Director, and the Legislative Director to develop and execute a
comprehensive and aggressive strategic plan to inform constituents and the media about
Congresswoman Adams and her work as a member of congress. This includes making
media pitches, organizing press events, and reviewing, drafting, and finalizing statements,
talking points/speeches, press releases, media advisories, and other messaging (e.g.,
newsletters and social media). Finally, the Communications Director will oversee all
Franked communications, which includes mailers. Successful candidates will be
exceptional writers and have strong experience working in fast-paced environments and
implementing aggressive communications plans. North Carolina ties strongly preferred.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•

•
•
•

•
•
•

Develop strategic communications plans for all district and DC events/speaking
engagements/member appearances, etc. and work closely with the DC and District
Offices to implement successful media strategies;
Produce written and visual content for the office, including but not limited to press
releases, statements, social media post and weekly newsletters;
Manage, mentor, and grow the communications team, focusing on staff
professional development, skill building, and efficient workflows;
Build and sustain strong relationships with North Carolina and national print,
online, radio, and broadcast media (reporters, producers, editors, columnists,
etc.), and remain ready to identify creative ways to pitch the Member;
Prepare, brief, and staff the Member for media interviews, press conferences,
roundtables, and other engagements;
Draft and edit office materials, talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds,
and other materials as necessary; and
Speak on background or on the record with reporters when necessary and act as a
media liaison for the Member.

REQUIREMENTS:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•

Bachelor’s Degree in a relevant field or equivalent professional experience;
Previous Capitol Hill, campaign or political experience strongly preferred;
Exceptionally strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
Previous on the record experience;
Ability to take photographs and write content for social media
Experience managing others and promoting professional development;
Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media and how to successfully
create and leverage opportunities in each;
Strategic thinker, politically savvy, and ability to manage competing priorities and
develop solutions under tight deadlines;
Ability to work well with others, willingness to take initiative, manage competing
priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines are a must;
and
Works a flexible schedule, including long hours on nights, weekends and holidays.

Rep. Alma S. Adams’ office provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and
applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type
without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics,
protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other
characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, a resume, three references, and three
writing samples to NC12.resume@mail.house.gov with “[NAME] –Communications
Director” in the subject line.

MEM-520-24
Congresswoman-elect Maxine Dexter is seeking a full-time Legislative Assistant in
Washington, DC. This is not an entry-level position. The salary range is $62,000 - $75,000.
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to OR3resumes@gmail.com. Oregon ties are strongly preferred.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Works with the Deputy Chief of Sta& & Legislative Director and Chief of Sta& to
formulate and advance legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas.
• Represents the Congresswoman at meetings with constituents, district
stakeholders, committee sta&, and federal agencies and sta&s the Congresswoman
at engagements relevant to assigned issue areas.
• Tracks legislation and coordinates co-sponsorship of bills and co-signing of letters
for the Congresswoman.

•
•

•
•

Develops brieﬁng materials, talking points, and policy memos for the
Congresswoman.
Briefs the Congresswoman on bills before the House, provides advice on
Committee activity, and assists the district o&ice sta& with legislative matters that
impact the local community.
Provides input to the Communications Director to draft speeches, press releases,
op-eds, and statements for the Congresswoman.
Provides district o&ice sta& with targeted information for community events.

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong written and verbal communication skills.
• Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, procedures, and organization of the
House.
• Self-starting personality.
• Passion for public service.
• Ability to work well under pressure.
• Willingness to accept performance-based criticism and direction.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.

MEM 518-24
The office of Congressman Greg Steube is seeking a District Director to oversee all indistrict operations. This position is based in Sarasota, Florida, and offers a unique
opportunity to play a key leadership role in the Congressman’s efforts to serve and
represent constituents.
Position Overview:
The District Director will manage all operations of the district office and will be responsible
for executing the Member’s priorities in the district. Working closely with the Member,
Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, Communications Director, and Director of Operations,
the District Director will contribute to the strategic development of initiatives and
programs that align with the Member’s goals. This position will also serve as the public
face of the office in the district, regularly attending events and representing the
Congressman at meetings within the community.
Key responsibilities:
•
•

Oversee the Member’s constituent casework activities with federal departments
and agencies
Align district office strategies and plans with the Member’s broader goals and
legislative priorities

•
•
•
•
•

Collaborate with D.C. staff to ensure smooth communication and coordination
between the district and D.C. offices
Facilitate the Member’s visibility and engagement in the district through regular
public appearances, meetings, and events
Manage and lead district office staff, including planning, assigning, and directing
work to ensure high performance and efficiency
Build and maintain strong relationships with local community leaders,
stakeholders, and constituents
Monitor and assess district office operations to improve effectiveness and
constituent satisfaction

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience developing and implementing community relations strategies for an
elected official, federal agency, or similar organization
• Proven ability to manage staff, make sound decisions, and prioritize competing
demands in a fast-paced environment
• Politically astute with the ability to navigate complex political and community
dynamics
• Familiarity with Florida’s 17th Congressional district, including its key issues and
stakeholders
Additional preferred attributes:
•

•
•

Bachelor’s degree in political science, government, or a related field
Demonstrated commitment to public service and community engagement

How to Apply:
Interested candidates should submit a resume to floridarepublicanjobs@gmail.com.

MEM-517-24
Congresswoman Susie Lee (D-NV) seeks a highly organized, good-humored, hard-working
DC Scheduler to develop, coordinate, and manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and
long-term schedule and logistics in DC. The DC Scheduler will report to the Chief of Staff
and work closely with the Member, DC staff, and District staff, including a District-based
scheduler responsible for in-district scheduling. This is not an entry-level role; prior
scheduling experience is preferred, and salary will be commensurate with experience.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and
scheduling requests, coordinating travel for the Member, compiling the Congresswoman’s
nightly briefing materials, and managing office operations, including but not limited to
facilitating Member meetings and calls, coordinating internal and external events,
assisting with onboarding and training for staff and interns, and other administrative

duties. Responsibilities will also include providing staffing support, including driving the
Congresswoman as needed. Strong candidates will be creative problem solvers, have
excellent attention to detail, communicate succinctly and effectively, and thrive in a fastpaced work environment. The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under
pressure, and the flexibility to be responsive to urgent scheduling needs on nights and
weekends.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Candidates should submit in PDF format a resume, cover letter, and three references
(including name, title and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the
candidate) to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name – DC
Scheduler.”

MEM-516-24
Congresswoman Jennifer McClellan (VA-04) seeks a highly motivated and proactive
Communications Director in her Washington, DC office.
In close collaboration with the Member and Chief of Staff, the Communications Director
will manage all aspects of the Congresswoman’s communications strategy, including her
earned media, digital media, and franked communications. The Communications Director
will report directly to the Chief of Staff.
The Communications Director will cultivate and manage relationships with both national
and local press, field all press inquiries, and proactively pitch stories and book the Member
for local and national TV; draft press releases, media advisories, and op-eds; collaborate
with the Legislative and District teams to coordinate press rollouts for new legislative
efforts and in-district events; manage a robust franked communications budget; oversee a
rapid social media program; and oversee and manage a communications team.
This position is part of the Member’s senior staff – this is not an entry-level position. The
ideal candidate should have several years of demonstrated communications experience,
including on-the-record experience, strong relationships with bookers and producers, and
a broad network of reporter relationships. The candidate should possess strong writing and
interpersonal skills and good political instincts. Capitol Hill experience required. Virginia
ties are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal benefits, including student loan repayment, transit or
parking benefits, generous PTO and FMLA, and work-from-home options. The pay range is
$95,000-$105,000, commensurate with experience.

To Apply: All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, and
two writing samples to VA04.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
This full-time position is based in her Washington, D.C. office. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
gender identity, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, national origin, age, or military,
marital, or parental status. The office prioritizes building a diverse team: women and
candidates from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and other underrepresented communities are
encouraged to apply

MEM-476-24
Congressman Dan Crenshaw (R-TX-02) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working Legislative
Assistant (LA), based in our Washington, D.C. o&ice. This position reports to the Legislative
Director. The LA will handle an economic facing portfolio, including Budget and
Appropriations, Financial Services, and Tax, with other issues to follow.
Key duties include:
• Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Legislative Director, and
legislative, communications, and district teams on legislative updates
• Preparing and sta&ing the Member for meetings, and assisting in the drafting of remarks,
as needed
• Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio of
issue areas Working with external stakeholders, Congressional Research Service (CRS),
Legislative Counsel, and committee sta& to draft legislation based on the Member’s
priorities
• Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communications skills and be detailoriented, organized, and creative. They must be able to quickly learn the member’s voice
and think in a proactive, communications-focused manner.
Other key qualities include:
• Commitment to a collaborative work environment
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage competing priorities
• Ability to communicate up and down within the team
• Ability to learn the Congressman’s voice and legislative priorities
• Interest in identifying and pursuing new opportunities and the ability to anticipate and
adapt to challenges
Hill experience is required. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with level of
experience. Qualiﬁed applicants should submit a resume and writing sample (no more
than 3 pages) as one combined PDF to Kenneth.Depew@mail.house.gov. Include
“Legislative Assistant – [Full Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on
a rolling basis as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

