Member and Committee Openings
Week of April 14, 2025
MEM-132-25
The Office of Representative Emanuel Cleaver (D-MO) seeks a Legislative
Correspondent/Staff Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office. This position is
responsible for opening and managing the front office each day, greeting visitors, and
managing constituent communications, including tour and flag requests. The LC/SA is
responsible for maintaining the office's constituent response program and recruiting and
managing the DC interns.
This is a customer service focused position. The ideal candidate has superb organizational
and problem-solving skills, attention to detail, strong time and project management skills,
a good sense of humor, and a desire to be part of a highly-collaborative, high-achieving
team. The successful candidate will have strong writing skills, the ability to communicate
clearly in a fast-paced environment and can work effectively with teams in both the DC and
District offices. Prior Hill internship and familiarity with the IQ system is preferred. Access
to a car and a license in good standing to help with driving the Congressman is helpful but
not required.
This position is full time, and the salary range is $55,000-57,000, depending on experience.
Benefits with this position include health, vision and dental insurance, retirement benefits,
paid sick and annual leave, transit or parking benefits, and access to the Student Loan
Repayment Program. The office is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status),
sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
(no more than 3 pages), and at least 2 references to Midwest.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
the subject line "Last Name – LC/Staff Assistant". Applications will be accepted until April
25th.

MEM-131-25

The Office of Congressman Jimmy Panetta (CA-19) seeks candidates for an open
Scheduler/Director of Operations position. Prior experience with scheduling for a
Member of Congress or scheduling for a political campaign is preferred, but scheduling for
a similar organization will be considered.
Ideal candidates possess attention to detail, ability to handle a fast-paced environment,
and strong communication and organizational skills. Responsibilities include maintaining
Member’s daily and long-term schedule in Washington, working with stakeholders to
balance the Member’s time, evaluating incoming meeting requests and invitations,
coordinating domestic and international travel arrangements, and performing other
administrative and operational duties.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Please send a resume, cover letter, and
references in a single PDF document with “Scheduler/Director of Operations” as the
subject line to ca19.jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-130-25
Title: Inspector General
Office: Office of the Inspector General
Close Date: 05/16/25
Salary: $212,000 - $217,000
The Inspector General is accountable for the evaluation of internal controls and
organizational structures, as well as determining the extent and quality of conformance
with policies and procedures within the House. In collaboration with the Deputy Inspector
General, provides executive management to the Office of Inspector General and its major
areas of responsibility including the performance of Information Systems Audits,
Management Advisory Services, Performance Audits, Financial Audits, Investigations, and
internal OIG administration.
Essential Duties:
Directs the mission and functions of the Office of Inspector General, including the
supervision of approximately twenty-five (25) employees in executing the duties of the
Office, which include, but are not limited to:
1)Providing audit, investigative, and advisory services to the House and other legislative
branch entities in a manner consistent with government-wide standards including periodic
audits of the financial and administrative functions of the House and other legislative
branch entities.
2)Informing House Leadership and appropriate House Committees based as outline in
House Rules concerning the results of audits, investigations, and advisory services.

3)Coordinating, compiling, and presenting an annual work plan for the Office of the
Inspector General to the Committee on House Administration for approval.
How to Apply
1) ALL applicants must submit a resume and cover letter on or before the closing date that
presents their knowledge, experience, and education and meet the position's
requirements.
2) Submit your resume and cover letter via email to House.Apply@mail.house.gov ONLY.
Reference our vacancy announcement ID, " IG-25-04 IS-HGOV”, in the Subject Line of your
email.
The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status),
sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin. Transportation and all
related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant. Moving and related relocation expenses are not available. Employment with
the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. All qualified candidates are encouraged to
apply

MEM-129-25
LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR - The Washington, D.C. Office of Rep. Lauren Underwood (D-IL),
Ranking Member of the Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee and Co-Chair of
the Black Maternal Health Caucus, is hiring a Legislative Director.
The Legislative Director works with the Member and other senior staff to lead development
and implementation of her policy, legislative, and appropriations strategy, managing a
legislative team of 6-8 staff, fellows, and interns while also covering a small individual
portfolio of legislative issues. Primary responsibilities for this role include:
- developing and advancing the Member’s policy priorities through the legislative and
appropriations processes;
- overseeing operations of the legislative team;
- developing high-quality memos, remarks, committee materials, and other briefing
materials for the Member/office;
- supporting the press team on policy-related communications;
- working with the district team to support their work and address constituents’ policy
concerns;
- monitoring activity on the House Floor and the Member’s committee(s) and working
with the legislative team to develop vote recommendations;
- building and maintaining positive and effective relationships with district, D.C., and
national stakeholders and advocacy organizations;

- proactively tracking relevant state and local policy changes and working with local
officials;
- overseeing the office’s constituent correspondence program; and
- other duties and special projects as assigned.
This is not an entry-level role. Candidates should have deep expertise in policy, legislative
drafting and procedure, and congressional appropriations, as well as at least one year of
professional experience managing direct reports. Essential skills include an expert-level
working knowledge of Congress; strong oral and written communication skills, including
rigorous editing and fact-checking; excellent attention to detail; the ability to execute on
multiple deadlines and tasks in a fast-paced environment; strong interpersonal and
relationship-building skills; the ability to make quick decisions when advising a principal; a
proven track record navigating complex constituent and political situations; and the
responsiveness and professional demeanor to represent the office well to a wide range of
communities. Candidates with a background in health policy are encouraged to apply.
Please note that candidates must be available for occasional weekend and evening work
to support the Member when the congressional schedule requires.
The annual salary range for this position is $100,000 - $110,000, dependent on experience
and qualifications. The position offers health coverage; comp time; telework opportunities
during congressional recesses; retirement benefits with an employer match; paid sick,
bereavement, and vacation leave; transit or parking benefits; 16 weeks of paid parental
leave; 12 weeks of paid FMLA leave; access to life insurance coverage; professional
development opportunities; and access to the Student Loan Repayment Program.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please email Underwood.DCJobs@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director” in
the subject line and the following application materials attached as one combined PDF:
(1) Résumé
(2) Cover letter
(3) 2-3 professional references including name, current title and organization, phone
number, email, and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference. We
will not reach out to these references without your permission.

MEM-128-25
The office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum is seeking a field representative to serve
the office’s operations in Deschutes County. This position offers a unique opportunity to
play a key role in the Congresswoman’s efforts and act as a grassroots representative for
the office.

Position Overview:
The field representative will work closely with the district staff and act as a liaison with
federal, district, and local agencies for the Member and constituents.
Duties:
• Ensure outreach enorts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals, and
coordinate closely with the District Director and D.C. stan to ensure district
priorities are reﬂected in legislative priorities;
• Inform the District Director and the Member on up-and-coming issues in the
district;
• Serve as a representative for the Member at events in the district as determined by
the District Director;
• Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders;
• Inform the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned
issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents;
• Perform other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:
• Bachelor’s degree or related job experience.
• A demonstrated interest in public service.
• Familiarity with the Member’s district and/or state.
How to Apply:
Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by April 18,
2025.
NOTICE:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-121-25
The bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus is seeking an experienced Communications
Director to join its office in Washington, D.C. The Communications Director will be
responsible for developing and executing the Problem Solvers Caucus’ communications
strategy.
Responsibilities include writing press releases, pitching stories and responding to reporter
inquiries, creating and posting social media content, booking interviews with national and
local press outlets, writing internal and external newsletters, compiling press clips,
managing the caucus’ website, and other duties as assigned.

This is not an entry-level position.
The ideal candidate will have prior experience working on Capitol Hill, excellent written and
oral communications skills, and be proficient in photo and video editing and graphic
design. They will also be detail-oriented, organized, and highly motivated to serve on a
small, collaborative team.
This is a bipartisan office, and candidates must be comfortable working for both
Democratic and Republican Members. To apply, please email a resume, cover letter, and
two writing samples in a single PDF to problemsolverscaucus@gmail.com with the subject
line “Communications Director.”

MEM-127-25
Press Secretary/ Digital Director
Pennsylvania Republican is looking for a Press Secretary/Digital Director to join a fastpaced, media-heavy communications team in the D.C. office.
This position reports directly to the Communications Director and is ideal for a highly
motivated individual who excels in a high-energy, deadline-driven environment. The right
candidate will have strong writing and editing skills, experience in digital content creation,
website editing, and the ability to quickly adapt to the fast-moving political landscape.

Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Assist the Communications Director in drafting and editing press releases,

statements, floor speeches, and op-eds
• Draft the Member’s weekly newsletters
• Manage the Member’s social media pages—draft posts, create graphics, and keep
engagement growing
• Clip media interviews and monitor mentions
• Update and maintain content on the Member’s official website
• Assist Communications Director with media prep for interviews and other public
appearances
• Keep the Member informed of breaking news and media coverage
• Assist in executing the Franking plan
Prior experience on Capitol Hill is preferred but not required. To apply, please send a
resume to PaPressSecJob@gmail.com.

MEM-126-25

The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director. The LD will
drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing and implementing the
strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals; supervise and mentor the legislative
staff while advising on the Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own
legislative portfolio with the Agriculture Committee.
The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior leadership team
to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall operations. The LD will also help
ensure coordination between DC and district offices on important legislative updates and
district-based events and projects. This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill
experience and knowledge of the legislative process are required. The successful
applicant will have crisp and thorough written and oral communications skills, an
entrepreneurial and self-starting attitude, strong attention to detail, creativity, and be a
team player. Supervisory experience and expertise on agricultural policy is strongly
preferred. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or sexual
orientation.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to
nc12.resume@mail.house.gov. Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or
other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as
candidates with North Carolina ties. Due to the volume of applications, we receive, we will
only contact you if we decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct
emails, or walk-ins.

MEM-125-25
Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR) is seeking a Press Assistant/Deputy Press
Secretary in her district office to join an aggressive, fast-paced communications team. The
ideal candidate will have excellent writing, editing, and photography skills. Additionally,
they will assist the Communications Director in drafting releases, talking points, speeches,
and quotes for in-district press events, maintaining press lists, distributing daily press
clips, and staffing the Member at district-based press events. Strong proofreading and
copyediting skills are a must. This role primarily assists the Communications Director with
drafting outgoing communications. Candidates seeking to join a highly active press team
across national, local, and digital media with opportunities for growth are encouraged to
apply.
Essential Job Functions:
• Assist the Communications Director with drafting press releases, quotes,
statements,
• speeches and talking points.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Compile and distribute daily press clips.
Help identify and cultivate relationships with local reporters and content creators in
the district.
Stan and manage reporter interactions with the Member at OR-based press events;
Work with the District Onice and Digital Manager to publicize constituent services
and
events.
Manage live-streaming and photography at OR-based press conferences and
events.
Support the District Onice with events.
Work well under pressure and with quick turnarounds

This is a full-time position based in district that often requires availability on nights and
weekends to support the Member’s communications plan and District Office operations.
The position requires attention to detail and strong written and oral communication skills
along with the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment. Spanish
fluency is a plus but not required. The salary range for this position is $55,000-$60,000,
depending on experience, with full benefits including up to $833/month in student loan
repayments; health, dental, andvision insurance; and both defined-benefit and definedcontribution retirement plans.
Please email a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples in a single PDF
to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with “First Name Last Name—Press Assistant/Deputy
PressSecretary” in the Subject Line. Applicants may also provide one example of their
digital designwork and/or photography (this is optional but not required). Applications will
be accepted on a rolling basis. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status, or any other characteristic protected by
applicable law.

MEM-123-25
CASEWORKER AND FIELD REPRESENTATIVE

The Caseworker / Field Representative manages incoming casework requests with care,
promptness and high-touch constituent service; and monitors and updates the Deputy
Chief of Staff on district and local issues. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district,
and local agencies for the Congressman and constituents and answers casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents in a timely and
professional manner.
Salary: $60,000 per year

Reports to: Director of Constituent Services & Deputy Chief of Staff
Primary location: Brooklyn District Office (Sunset Park, Brooklyn NY)
Submit your resume and cover letter to jobs.goldman@mail.house.gov.
Subject line should note: Your Name - Caseworker / Field Rep
Essential Roles & Responsibilities:
• Acts as the representative for the Congressman within the area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
• Manages casework assigned to them.
• Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the Deputy Chief and Director of Constituent Services
• Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to city and state onices.
• Logs all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework.
• Prepares periodic reports for the Director of Constituent Services on pending cases
and for the Deputy Chief on district activities in their assigned issue areas.
• Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner.
• Maintains up-to-date ﬁles on all cases and categories of information of importance
to the onice.
• Serves as a liaison to community boards, precinct councils, and other community
groups.
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the onice.
• Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, stan, and
constituents.
• Works well under pressure and handles stress.
• Works a ﬂexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
• Performs other duties as assigned.
• Qualiﬁcations:
• A minimum 1 year in a government onice in a similar role.
• Bilingual (Spanish language) skills strongly preferred.
• Candidate Attributes:
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner.
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is
involved; Professional telephone manner.
• Ability to perform the essential job functions above.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.

•
•
•
•
•

Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities.
Work with compassion, empathy and patience for constituents.
Knowledge of onice policies, practices, and procedures.
Knowledge of onice computer applications; and
Proﬁciency in word processing.

The office of Congressman Dan Goldman is committed to diversity among its staff and
recognizes that the success of its operations requires the highest commitment to
obtaining and retaining a diverse staff. We are an equal opportunity employer and prohibit
discrimination in employment, promotion, compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges
of employment on the basis of gender, physical and or mental disability, race, age,
national origin, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family status,
religion, veteran’s status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
MEM-122-25
The office of Representative Maxwell Frost (D-FL) is seeking a dynamic and creative
individual to join our communications team as a Creative Director. This is a fast-paced,
progressive environment with a forward-thinking principal who is not afraid to try new
things. This office prides itself on fostering a collaborative work environment where
creativity, teamwork, and an outside-the-box approach are highly valued. A passion for
digital strategy, visual storytelling, and innovative political communication is a must. This
is not an entry-level position.
The Creative Director will work closely with and report to the Communications Director to
help shape and execute the visual and digital strategy for the Representative’s publicfacing and internal initiatives, and offer strategic digital insight and assistance related to
the Member’s leadership role as part of the Democratic Policy and Communications
Committee. This role will manage the day-to-day operations of the office’s design work and
digital content, including but not limited to graphic design, social media assets, digital
video, website visuals, and email campaigns.
Key Responsibilities:
Digital Strategy & Creative Leadership -- Lead the development and execution of innovative
digital strategies to elevate the Representative’s presence on social media, websites,
email campaigns, and other digital platforms. Ensure that all creative work is aligned with
the office’s values and goals.
Graphic Design & Visual Communication -- Design high-quality graphics for digital and
print materials, including social media assets, infographics, posters, digital ads, and more,
all in line with the Member’s existing branding and style guide. Expertise in the Adobe
Creative Suite is required.

Content Creation & Coordination -- Collaborate with the Communications Director,
Legislative and District teams, and Member to create compelling multimedia content. This
includes coordinating the production of graphics, videos, and other creative content for
various platforms – from ideation to creation.
Media Buys & Metrics & Evaluation -- Make strategic suggestions for paid communications
campaigns on various digital platforms and assist in tracking the effectiveness of creative
strategies, using data and feedback to iterate and improve future content. Monitor the
performance of digital content across platforms, adjusting strategies as needed.
Artist & Influencer Relations -- Collaborate with the Communications Director help
maintain and establish relationships with artists and digital thought leaders and content
creators through strategic partnership opportunities aimed at advancing the Member’s
policy and legislative initiatives. Our office is uniquely plugged into local and national
music and creative arts issues so a passion for this is a plus.
Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

At least 2-3 years of experience in creative or digital strategy, with a focus on graphic
design and content creation.
Prior experience working in political campaigns, progressive causes, or government
onices is preferred.
Advanced proﬁciency in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign,
After Enects, Premiere Pro) and other design tools.
Strong understanding of digital platforms and the role of design in social media,
online engagement, and web communication.
Experience with digital video production and editing.
Ability to juggle multiple projects and work under tight deadlines in a fast-paced,
team-oriented environment.
Strong attention to detail and a keen eye for visual storytelling and design.
Florida and Orlando ties are a plus.

Compensation:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Salary range is $70,000 -$90,000, commensurate with experience.
Health, dental, and vision beneﬁts.
Generous paid leave, including vacation, sick days, and parental leave.
Generous student loan repayment program.
Retirement plan options.
Opportunities for professional development and training.

To Apply:

Visit repfrost.us/CreativeDirector

MEM-119-25
Congresswoman Luz Rivas (CA-29) is seeking a motivated, creative, and
collaborative Press/Digital Assistant based in Los Angeles in a full-time capacity.
This position is responsible for working with the Communications Director
and District Director to identify press and digital opportunities in the District; develop
branded content for social media, including graphics, videos, and photos of the Member.
Additionally, this position will staff and advance press and community events in
the District with the Member; compile and distribute daily press clips; track media
coverage; develop promotional materials of the Member’s events; and build relationships
with local reporters and outlets. Additionally, this position will assist the Communications
Director in drafting quotes and press releases; developing newsletters; and drafting
constituent outreach materials such as resource packets, and other duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will have excellent writing and verbal skills; editing and digital experience,
including experience in graphic design and video editing; sound editorial judgement; a
baseline understanding of the key stakeholders in the District; as well as the ability to work
well and respectfully with others in a fast-paced environment. This role regularly interacts
with reporters, producers, and other communications staff and should have a friendly and
professional demeanor and an ability to exercise political savvy and discretion. Ties to
California’s 29th Congressional District are a plus. Diverse and bilingual candidates are
encouraged to apply.
This position works closely with the Communications Director and District Director.
Candidates should have prior experience working with media and press and creating digital
content. The position requires the flexibility to work long hours, including nights and
weekends. Diverse and bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply.
This is an entry-level position but may be expanded for the right candidate with more
experience. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, one
writing sample and one creative sample in a single PDF document
to CA29jobs@gmail.com with the following subject line: “District Press/DigitalAssistant [candidate’s full name]”.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex (including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.

MEM-118-25

Rep. Kevin Mullin (CA-15), a member of the House Energy & Commerce Committee, is
seeking a Legislative Assistant in his Washington, DC office to manage part of his
committee work, including health care, commerce, telecom, consumer protection, and
other areas within the committee’s jurisdiction. Primary responsibilities include drafting
memos and briefing materials, developing legislation, preparing and staffing Rep. Mullin in
committee hearings and markups, conducting policy research, tracking legislative issues,
maintaining and fostering relationships with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy
groups, and supporting the legislative team with additional assignments as needed.
This is not an entry level position. The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of prior legislative
or policy experience, with significant education and/or work experience in health
policy. Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are required. This position will
report to the Legislative Director.
Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. Our office is committed to fostering an
inclusive workplace and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military status, age, or national
origin. Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, two references, and a
writing sample (no more than one page) as a single PDF
at https://kevinmullin.house.gov/contact/hiring/ by April 16, 2025.

MEM-117-25
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include assisting
the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining the Committee’s
website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee
correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and
entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a non-partisan position
which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from
political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a
professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and
Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good
judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily
tasks and projects. Applicants with experience or interest in learning information
technology assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position
with a starting salary of $52,003 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-115-25

EXPERIENCED OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR
U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
COMMITTEE ON ETHICS
Director of Administration (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced Office Administrator to serve as the Director of Administration for the
Committee. The Director of Administration will oversee the Committee’s administrative,
financial, and human resource functions. The Director will manage the nonpartisan
administrative staff who are responsible for ensuring a high level of customer service to the
House community as well as the efficient operation of the Committee’s work.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to maintain strict confidentiality,
to serve all Members of Congress equally, and to refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess a minimum of 5 years of experience with government
administrative, financial, or human resource processes; outstanding analytical and written
and oral communication skills; and sound judgment.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is also desirable: CAO finance and human
resource processes, office administration, and familiarity with Congress. Previous
management experience and proficiency with PeopleSoft and Finmart preferred. Salary
range $132,638 to $140,667. Please email resume, cover letter, and a list of references to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Director of Administration” in the
subject line.

MEM-113-25
The U.S. House Committee on Foreign Affairs Majority seeks experienced Export
Controls Professional with a background in legislative authorization processes. Primary
duties of the role will include day to day oversight of the Commerce Department’s Bureau
of Industry and Security and International Trade Administration. In addition, employee will
support overseeing and authorizing the State Department’s Bureau of South and Central
Asia and Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs (R) family. Candidates should have previous
foreign policy experience in the Legislative and/ or Executive branches.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
HFACGOP.Resumes@mail.house.gov, with the following subjective line: “HFAC SCA
Vacancy”

MEM-112-25
SCHEDULER & OPERATIONS COORDINATOR
OFFICE of CONGRESSMAN RO KHANNA

SUMMARY: Congressman Ro Khanna’s district office in Santa Clara has an immediate
opening for a Scheduler & Operations Coordinator, which offers responsibility for a range
of scheduling, administrative, community outreach and casework duties. This is a nonsupervisory, exempt position. The starting salary is $71,000 per year. The application
process may include several interviews and a practical test of relevant skills. There is one
current job vacancy, and the office has the right to fill any number of positions vacant or
becoming vacant during the life of postings.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS :
Scheduling and Operations Duties
• Coordinate with district onice and Washington DC stan -- especially our Senior
Advisor for Scheduling (in DC) -- and directly with Rep. Khanna to set up, schedule
and facilitate the congressman’s meetings and engagements both in the
congressional district and across the country.
• Ensure all necessary information is on the calendar including ﬂights, hotels, and
background information on meetings, and provide a daily check on the calendar that
gets sent to the Chief, District Director and DC Senior Advisor for Scheduling.
• Work with fellow stan members on a variety of tasks and projects that directly
beneﬁt our constituents.
• Prepare detailed daily itineraries, including contact information, locations, travel
times and staning assignments for those activities.
• In real time, anticipate and stay up to date on schedule changes/obstacles and
communicate them to Rep. Khanna and stan.
• Maintain prioritized listings of upcoming events and potential constituent meetings
for future visits.
• Serve as the default driver for Rep. Khanna when he is in the San Francisco Bay Area
and be physically present whenever the Member is in the onice.
• Perform administrative duties that facilitate logistical operations in the local onice,
such as overseeing equipment and supplies, assisting with onice administration, as
well as answering phones, logging calls and helping to serve walk-in constituents.
Community Outreach, Casework, General Duties
• The position also involves representing the Congressman in a variety of community
activities, including interacting with leaders of community groups and local
organizations, as well as local and state elected onicials and stakeholders.
• The duties include special project coordination and helping the stan team manage
monthly town hall meetings and special events hosted by the Congressman, such
as issues-based forums and roundtable meetings.
• Another secondary role will be casework, helping residents resolve problems with
federal government agencies, including US Citizenship & Immigration Services,
Department of State, Veterans Anairs and Social Security Administration. The stan

•
•

member will liaison to federal agencies and state/local representatives and
responds to constituent inquiries through written and oral communication.
The Scheduler & Operations Coordinator is expected to both work in the onice and
perform activities out in the community as outlined below under Work Conditions,
Schedule and Beneﬁts.
The successful candidate will also help train and mentor student interns.

EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE): A bachelor’s degree with strong academic
credentials, or equivalent experience/training in legislation or public service (e.g.,
casework, constituent service, community outreach) is required.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others (both co-workers and
constituents). Past customer service experience is strongly preferred.
• Strong oral and written communication skills, as well as public speaking
experience.
• Professional telephone manner and temperament to communicate with a variety of
personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
• Must have a driver’s license, ready access to a car and the ability to drive to both
stan Rep. Khanna and perform ﬁeld work.
• Residency in the district is preferred, as is a knowledge of the region.
• Knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments; and awareness of
issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is involved.
• Thoroughness, organizational skills, and careful attention to detail.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities.
• Knowledge of onice policies, practices, and procedures; onice computer
applications; and proﬁciency in word processing.
WORK CONDITIONS, SCHEDULE and BENEFITS:
• The Scheduler & Operations Coordinator is a represented position, eligible to join
the Congressional Workers Union.
• The Scheduler & Operations Coordinator reports to the Director of Constituent
Services and works closely with the Senior Advisor for Scheduling, Operations and
Special Projects. The District Onice is managed by the District Director and the
Chief of Stan, or their designee.
• Work is mainly performed in an onice environment. Noise levels are usually low to
moderate. Stan may have small workstations.
• Work schedule: The district onice functions on a hybrid basis, with each stan
member expected to be based in the physical onice three days a week and allowed
to work from home two days a week. The onice is open 9:00am-5:00pm MondayFriday, with a full lunch hour. In addition, stan are expected to be monitoring for any
scheduling issues that could arise outside of normal work hours. Commensurate

•

ﬂex time (time on during the week) within proscribed standards will be granted upon
request.
Beneﬁts: Stan currently accrue 1.25 days of annual leave per month, which totals
15 days per year (6 of which may be carried over to the following year). 15 annual
Sick/Mental Health Days are granted at the start of each year. Flex time is also
allowed for necessities such as emergencies, medical appointments, short-term
needs, etc. Other beneﬁts include the opportunity to participate in group health
insurance, retirement savings, a potential annual bonus, etc.

TO APPLY: The Office of U.S. Congressman Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer;
we do not discriminate based on race, color, religion or lack thereof, national origin, sex,
gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital or family status, disability, arrest history,
military service, organizing activity, or any ground that is specifically prohibited by law or
regulation applicable to the Office; all are welcome and encouraged to apply. Note that all
successful candidates must meet citizenship-related requirements and undergo a security
check.
Please e-mail a cover letter, brief writing sample and resume to District Director Tom Pyke
(tom.pyke@mail.house.gov) and Director of Constituent Services Simeone Chien
(simeone.chien@mail.house.gov). Phone (408) 436-2720

MEM-111-25
District Office Staff Assistant, Rep. Dina Titus
Rep. Dina Titus seeks an organized and detail-oriented Staff Assistant for her Las Vegas
office. Primary responsibilities include managing the front office, answering and logging
telephone calls, coordinating constituent requests, assisting with constituent
correspondence, recruiting and supervising interns, and other administrative duties.
Candidates should be motivated self-starters with excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal communication skills, strong organizational skills, an ability to think quickly
when troubleshooting, and a positive demeanor in a busy environment. State and local
government or other relevant experience is preferred.
Candidates with a diverse background, Nevada state ties, and Spanish-language
proficiency are strongly encouraged to apply. Rep. Titus is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
Those interested in applying should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and one short writing
sample to NV01Jobs@gmail.com subject: “District Office Staff Assistant”. Applications
will be accepted on a rolling basis and will remain open until the position is filled.

MEM-110-25
Legislative Assistant, Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07)
Position Location: Washington, DC
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking an experienced
Senior Legislative Assistant to handle a comprehensive portfolio that could include
the following issues: tax, financial services, housing, childcare, education, and
labor. The issue set will depend on the candidate’s experience and interests. We
encourage individuals with legislative, research and writing experience to apply
and we will discuss the issue set more in depth through the interview process.
This position requires the ability to advance Congresswoman Jayapal's legislative
priorities in their issue portfolio. The ideal candidate will come with previous
legislative experience, including the knowledge and abilities to drive issues with
traditional legislative tools (i.e. committee work, bill introductions) as well as
organizing tools (i.e. events with partners, in district town halls).
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Driving current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
• legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as
• speeches, policy memos, and factsheets.
• Preparing and staning the Congresswoman for relevant committee hearing
• and markups; drafting hearing remarks and questions.
• Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders.
• Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal
• stakeholders including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow
• Congressional and Committee onices; and
• Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
• 4 -6 years of relevant experience including policy development and analysis.
• Issue advocacy; and strategic planning.
• Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values.
• Excellent writing and time management skills.

•
•
•
•

Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
appropriate for the onice.
Poised, level-headed, ﬂexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.

Compensation: Salary is $70,000 - 85,000 and will depend on experience. The
position offers health coverage; retirement benefits with an employer match; paid
sick, bereavement, and vacation leave; transit or parking benefits; access to life
insurance coverage; and access to the Student Loan Repayment Program.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.
Applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and references
in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov. Please include your full name and
“Senior Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-108-25
Digital Assistant
Location: Charleston, South Carolina
Republican member in Charleston, SC is seeking a motivated Digital Assistant to support
our digital communications efforts. This role will involve engaging with constituents
through social media, assisting in content creation, and helping manage the office's online
presence. The Digital Assistant will work closely with the Digital Director to ensure the
office’s social media strategy aligns with our values and priorities, while fostering positive
engagement with the community.
Application Process:
To apply, please send your resume, a brief cover letter, and any relevant social media or
content samples to sydney.long@mail.house.gov.

MEM-107-25
Scheduler|Executive Assistant – Rep. Nanette Barragán (CA-44)
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced Scheduler for her
Washington, DC office.

The salary range for this position is $55,000 - $80,000, depending on experience and
qualifications.
Main responsibilities include:
• maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term schedules for both DC and the
District.
• organizing and evaluating all incoming meeting requests and invitations.
• keeping the Member on schedule throughout the day.
• working with legislative and communications stan to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings.
• coordinating travel arrangements;
• processing and managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member;
• supporting planning and scheduling for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus related
to the Chairwoman.
• Facilitate weekly scheduling meetings with the Member and Chief of Stan to
evaluate meeting requests;
• Coordinating with the Member and Chief of Stan regarding political scheduling
requests.
• Communicating with constituents by phone and email to address requests.
• Driving the Member and staning the Member at events.
• And additional administrative responsibilities as necessary.
Candidates should be:
• highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task;
• resourceful and self-starters.
• Team-oriented.
• proﬁcient in Microsoft Outlook, Word, and Excel.
• Proﬁcient in Google Suite applications.
• Able to work well under pressure and on tight timelines; and have a positive
attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including some
weekend availability as needed.
Previous experience in scheduling or operations is preferred. Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Southern California | Los Angeles Metro area ties, access to a car, and Spanish fluency are
a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-105-25
The Office of Congressional Conduct (OCC), an independent, non-partisan investigative
entity established by the United States House of Representatives, seeks an Investigative
Support Analyst with 2-6 years of experience. The Investigative Support Analyst provides
operational, administrative, and strategic support to the OCC in its sensitive inquiries into
allegations of possible violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by
current Members, Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives.
The OCC is seeking candidates interested in supporting ethics and transparency within the
House of Representatives. The Investigative Support Analyst would join a small,
Washington, DC-based, investigative team.
The ideal candidate for this position is highly motivated and proactive with a significant
interest in anti-corruption enforcement (or related disciplines). They should have
experience developing and implementing small-scale projects, using data analytics tools
to inform strategic decision making, and supporting executive leadership all with minimal
oversight.
Core Responsibilities:
• Assume primary responsibility for managing documentary evidence submitted to
the OCC from the public and in the course of its investigations;
• Perform legal research, data analysis, and document review to support OCC
investigations;
• Develop, manage, and implement key administrative, operational, and logistical
processes; and
• Otherwise support OCC Investigative Counsel investigations as required.
Requirements:
• Bachelor’s degree;
• Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
and U.S. Capitol Police Background Investigation; and
• At least two years of research, consulting, analyst, or other investigative experience.
Qualifications:
• Experience with Casepoint or other eDiscovery and litigation support platforms;
• Legal research skills;
• Strong organizational skills;
• Strong interpersonal skills and professionalism;

•
•

•

Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word;
Desirable but not required:
o Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
o Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
o Experience writing reports or legal documents;
o Experience developing and improving business processes; and
o Experience using data analytics tools (i.e., Excel, Power Query, R, Python) for
investigative and exploratory analysis.
Demonstrated ability to:
o Work independently or as part of an investigative team;
o Communicate technical findings to a non-technical audience;
o Manage multiple tasks and projects; and
o Exercise discretion and independent judgment.

Duties:
• Gather publicly available information/records related to potential new matters
and/or ongoing matters;
• Conduct ongoing research and case development projects;
• Support Investigative Counsels on cases to include:
o Reviewing documentary evidence;
o Reviewing transcripts for errors and redactions;
o Reviewing written work product;
• eDiscovery database management to include:
o Import/export evidence for internal review purposes and external transmittal
to the House Committee on Ethics;
o Bates stamp documents;
• Prepare exhibits for final reports;
• Case records and file maintenance;
• Supporting administrative functions directly related to investigations and serve as
backup for other administrative functions as needed; and
• Other duties as required.
Applicant Instructions:
Please send a one-page cover letter and resume via email to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Conduct
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895

OCCJOB@mail.house.gov
Applications submitted to anywhere other than the above email address may not be
reviewed.

MEM-104-25
House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs (Majority)
Healthcare Investigator
The House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs Majority staff seeks a Healthcare Investigator
Core Responsibilities:
•

•
•
•

Under the supervision of the Staff Director of the Subcommittee on Health, the
individual will conduct oversight of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
Veterans Health Administration and affiliated VA Central office organizations
Collect technical information and translate it into briefings, memoranda, hearing
materials, and policy recommendations for a general audience.
Meet with congressional staff, veteran service organizations, industry organizations,
and internal and external stakeholders.
Perform other duties as assigned by the General Counsel, Committee Deputy Staff
Director, and Committee Staff Director.

Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Undergraduate degree or higher
Clinical expertise preferred by not required
Work experience investigating an executive branch agency or healthcare system
Knowledge of healthcare policy and procedures for a large healthcare organization
Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
Excellent oral communication skills
Thoroughness and attention to detail
Discretion and sound judgment in formulating and recommending policy positions
Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and
courteous
Work independently as well as in teams
This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
Domestic travel is required.
This is not an entry level position.

Benefits:
•

Sick and Annual Leave

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
Thrift Savings Plan
Federal Employees Group Life Insurance Program
Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Federal Transit Benefit or parking
Student Loan Repayment Program

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Transportation and
all related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid
by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume
to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Healthcare Investigator” in the subject line.
Writing samples and references may be requested. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-100-25
Military Legislative Assistant (Rep. Tony Gonzales, TX-23)
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
1. to develop legislative initiatives related to a national security portfolio, including
cybersecurity, veterans, foreign affairs, and armed services.
2. to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor;
3. to meet with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
1. at least 1 year of legislative experience in a full-time, paid position or legislative
fellowship
2. prior Capitol Hill experience is strongly preferred
3. excellent oral and written communication skills;
4. thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
5. ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
6. ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
7. ability to work well under pressure;
8. thoroughness and careful attention to detail

To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted
in subject line.

MEM-523-24
The Democratic Staff of the House Budget Committee and Ranking Member Brendan F.
Boyle (PA-02) seek a creative and detail-oriented Digital Assistant to support digital
communications and public engagement efforts. This position will be split between the
committee office and personal office and will be based out of Washington D.C.
This position involves creating and scheduling content for social media platforms,
maintaining the committee’s website, producing multimedia materials (graphics, videos,
and infographics), and monitoring digital analytics to optimize outreach. The ideal
candidate will have 1-3 years of experience in digital communications, social media
management, or a similar role (Hill or campaign experience preferred), proficiency with
design and editing tools (e.g., Adobe Creative Suite, Canva), strong writing and editing
skills, and a passion for progressive policymaking.
Candidates should be highly organized, comfortable working under tight deadlines, and
familiar with social media analytics and website content management systems. A
bachelor’s degree in communications, political science, or a related field is preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and the position includes a competitive benefits
package.
This office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values mentorship and
professional development; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status. Candidates with diverse backgrounds,
women, people of color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, email a cover letter, resume, three examples of digital content, and contact
information for three references to budget-democrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with the
subject line: "[Name] – Digital Assistant Application." Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis.

