Member and Committee Openings
Week of December 09, 2024
MEM-512-24
Washington, D.C.-Based Executive Assistant/Scheduler
The O5ice of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) is looking for an organized, adaptable,
and detail-oriented Executive Assistant/Scheduler for her Washington, D.C. o5ice.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Driving and sta5ing the Congresswoman while she is in Washington, D.C
• Overseeing the member’s daily and long-term schedule, in coordination with the
Deputy Chief of Sta5 and the district-based Executive Assistant/Scheduler
• Compiling the daily brieﬁng book and ensuring the member is prepared ahead of
engagements
• Managing member travel, logistics, and records
• Liaising between all sta5 and the member to e5ectively communicate needs
• Assisting the Deputy Chief of Sta5 with o5ice operations, events, and project
management, as needed
• Maintaining setup and presentation of the Member O5ice and upkeep of o5icial
vehicle
• Aiding in front o5ice management during non-session weeks
This role is part of the Operations team and reports to the Deputy Chief of Sta5. It also
requires close coordination with the district-based Executive Assistant/Scheduler,
Communications Director, and legislative team.
Ideal candidates will have good judgment, an eye for detail, and the ability to work in a fastpaced, collaborative environment. They will be able to anticipate the needs of the
Congresswoman and problem-solve on their feet.
This is not a 9-5 job; many nights and weekends will be required, especially during
legislative sessions. Advance, sales, or service industry skills are preferred; a valid driver’s
license and a good driving record are required.

TO APPLY, please send a résumé and cover letter to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov
with “DC Scheduler – NAME” in the subject line.
Our o5ice is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals,
new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Applications will be accepted through
Friday, January 3, 2025, though priority will be given to earlier applicants. No phone calls,
emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-510-24
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR
Congresswoman Angie Craig (MN-02) is in search of a highly-motivated Communications
Director in her Washington, DC o5ice. This position reports to the Chief of Sta5.
The Communications Director will manage all aspects of the Congresswoman’s
communications portfolio – including her earned media strategy, digital media presence,
and robust franked communications program – and will oversee a comms team that spans
both the DC and District o5ices.
The ideal candidate should have several years of demonstrated communications
experience – including experience working with reporters. The candidate should be a
strategic thinker and dynamic writer with strong interpersonal skills, solid political
instincts, a good sense of humor, and a keen attention to detail.
The position is full time with federal beneﬁts, including student loan repayment program (if
eligible), transit or parking beneﬁts, and an annual salary of between $85,000 and $95,000
commensurate with experience.
This position is part of the Congresswoman’s senior sta5 – this is not an entry level
position.
To Apply:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and two writing samples to
repcraigresumebank@gmail.com with the subject line “Communications Director
[applicant’s full name].”
Our o5ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), national origin, age, disability,
gender identity, or sexual orientation. Our o5ice encourages candidates of diverse
backgrounds to apply.

MEM-511-24
House Committee on Veterans’ A5airs (Majority)
Subcommittee on Health
Research Assistant

The Majority sta5 of the House Committee on Veterans' A5airs is seeking a Research
Assistant for the Subcommittee on Health. This position will support the Subcommittee
Sta5 Director and Professional Sta5 Members in conducting oversight of and drafting
legislation related to the Department of Veterans A5airs’ (VA) including its Veterans Health
Administration (VHA), the largest integrated health care system in the United States,
providing care at 1,380 health care facilities. The role involves administrative assistance,
research, some policy work, and other duties as assigned. Prior congressional or federal
agency experience is beneﬁcial. Subject matter expertise is not required. Veterans are
strongly encouraged to apply. This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC. Some
domestic travel is required.
House Committee on Veterans’ A5airs (Majority)
Subcommittee on Health
Research Assistant
Core Responsibilities:
• Provide administrative assistance including answering the phone and responding to
phone and email inquiries, reviewing incoming correspondence and documents,
maintaining Subcommittee records, scheduling meetings, supporting hearings, and other
administrative duties as assigned.
• Assisting with oversight including organizing and participating in meetings, drafting
memos, reading documents, summarizing documents and meetings orally and in writing,
limited domestic travel, and other oversight duties as assigned.
• Conducting research to support oversight and legislative activities by searching for and
compiling documents and information.
• Assisting with legislation in a limited capacity including reading and tracking pending and
enacted legislation.
• Representing the Committee in a limited capacity including meeting with other
congressional sta5, veteran service organizations, and external stakeholders.
• Perform other duties as assigned by the Subcommittee Sta5 Director, Committee Sta5
Director, or Committee Deputy Sta5 Director.
Qualiﬁcations:
• Undergraduate degree
• Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply
• Graduate-level writing skills
• Excellent oral communication skills
• Thoroughness and attention to detail
• Problem solving skills
• Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and courteous
• Work independently as well as in teams

• This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
• Some domestic travel is required.
Beneﬁts (as eligible):
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
• Student Loan Repayment Program
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the
interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Qualiﬁed candidates should send their resume to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“Health Research Assistant” in the subject line. Please include a short description of why
you are interested in the position in the body of the email. Writing and editing tests, and
references may be requested. No calls or walk-ins, please.
What to Expect Next:
Your resume will be reviewed to determine if you are among the top candidates. If you are
one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an interview.

MEM-506-24
The O5ice of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) is hiring a creative, e5icient, and detailoriented Social Media Assistant based in Washington, D.C. or San Diego, CA.
The Social Media Assistant will be responsible for creating and executing digital strategies
under the guidance of the Communications Director. The ideal candidate will be a strong
writer and a digital native with an eye for detail and a passion for innovative digital
engagement.

This is not a 9-5 job; some nights and weekends as well as frequent travel will be required.
California ties are helpful; good judgment and common sense are a must.
Social Media: The Social Media Assistant will manage the Congresswoman’s social media
platforms – including Twitter, Facebook, Threads, Instagram, TikTok, and others – in
addition to her website. This individual will be expected to proactively draft content in the
voice of the Congresswoman each day in addition to quickly responding to breaking news,
Capitol Hill and San Diego developments, and other rapid response opportunities.
Applicants should have a passion for engaging non-political audiences, capitalizing on
social media trends, and innovating how the Congresswoman communicates.
Digital Content: Applicants should be proﬁcient in graphic design and video editing. This
person will be responsible for proactively creating graphics, videos, and other digital
content that is compelling, engaging, on-brand, and error-free. The Social Media Assistant
will also regularly take photos and videos of the Congresswoman at events and in
meetings. In addition to managing a strategic content calendar, they will be expected to
create content for rollouts and rapid response opportunities. This includes clipping,
captioning, and posting committee remarks, ﬂoor speeches, and interviews. The Social
Media Assistant is also responsible for spearheading the e-newsletter program, including
drafting, franking, and sending content related to grant opportunities, the
Congresswoman’s legislative priorities, and her work in San Diego.
TO APPLY, please send a résumé, cover letter, video sample, graphic sample, and short
writing sample to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Social Media Assistant –
NAME” in the subject line.
Our o5ice is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals,
new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Applications will be accepted through
Friday, January 3, 2025, though priority will be given to earlier applicants.

MEM-504-24
House Committee on Veterans’ A5airs, Subcommittee on Technology Modernization
Legislative Assistant
The House Committee on Veterans' A5airs majority is seeking a Legislative Assistant for the
Subcommittee on Technology Modernization. This position will conduct oversight of the
Department of Veterans A5airs’ (VA) enterprise technology programs and projects as well
as its information technology operations. Information technology is a key aspect of all VA
operations including, but not limited to, supply chain, health care delivery, cybersecurity,
human resources, ﬁnancial management, and beneﬁts delivery. The role involves
collecting technical information and translating it into brieﬁngs, memoranda, and policy
recommendations for a general audience in an extremely fast-paced environment. Some

level of subject matter expertise in information technology and federal agency
administrative or management issues is also required. This is a full-time, on-site position in
Washington, DC. Some domestic travel is required.
House Committee on Veterans’ A5airs, Subcommittee on Technology Modernization
Legislative Assistant
Core Responsibilities:
• Under the supervision of the Subcommittee Sta5 Director, conduct oversight of the
Department of Veterans A5airs (VA) enterprise technology programs and projects as well
as its information technology operations.
• Organizing and participating in meetings, preparing for subcommittee hearings, drafting
memos, reading documents, summarizing documents and meetings orally and in writing,
limited domestic travel, and other oversight duties as assigned.
• Collect technical information and translate it into brieﬁngs, memoranda, hearing
materials, and policy recommendations for a general audience.
• Assisting with legislation in a limited capacity including drafting bills as well as reading
and tracking pending and enacted legislation.
• Representing the Committee in a limited capacity including meeting with other
congressional sta5, veteran service organizations, technical organizations, and external
stakeholders.
• Perform other duties as assigned by the Subcommittee Sta5 Director, Committee Sta5
Director, and Committee Deputy Sta5 Director.
Qualiﬁcations:
• Undergraduate degree
• At least three years of relevant work experience, prior congressional or federal agency
experience is preferred but not required
• Some level of subject matter expertise in information technology and federal agency
administrative or management issues
• Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply
• Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
• Excellent oral communication skills
• Thoroughness and attention to detail
• Discretion and sound judgment in formulating and recommending policy positions
• Knowledge of current issues and events relevant to the Committee and VA
• Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and courteous
• Work independently as well as in teams
• This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
• Some domestic travel is required.
Beneﬁts:

• Sick and Annual Leave
• Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
• Student Loan Repayment Program
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the
interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume to
VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Technology Modernization Legislative Assistant” in
the subject line. Writing samples and references may be requested. No calls or walk-ins,
please.
What to Expect Next:
Your cover letter and resume will be reviewed to determine if you are among the top
candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an interview.

MEM-503-24
LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Congresswoman Emilia Sykes (OH-13) is seeking an experienced
and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to manage healthcare and other issues as
assigned. Ideal candidates will have 2+ years of Hill experience, a good understanding of
House procedures, an understanding of developing and tracking legislative initiatives, and
political awareness. Experience with healthcare policy is required. This is not an entry level
position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a
self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. Job responsibilities will include
meeting with constituent groups and stakeholders, preparing and sta5ing the
Congresswoman, drafting legislation, advancing the Congresswoman’s legislative agenda,
providing vote recommendations, drafting legislative memos and brieﬁng materials, and
reviewing constituent correspondence, in addition to other duties as assigned.
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a resume and two writing samples

to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with “Healthcare Legislative Assistant” in the Subject
Line. Applications will be accepted until the end of business on Friday, December 13. No
phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
This o5ice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity and
expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation.

MEM-502-24
Position Overview:
Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-04) seeks an experienced Communications Director
to lead and execute an aggressive and strategic integrated communications strategy. In
close collaboration with the Member, Chief of Sta5, and legislative and district teams, the
Communications Director will oversee the Member’s communications agenda and manage
a fast-paced communications team. This position reports to the Chief of Sta5 and is not an
entry level position.
Responsibilities include maintaining relationships with both national and local reporters,
organizing and replying to inquiries, and proactively pitching stories; drafting and editing
press releases; developing media strategies to roll out legislative wins creating relatable
content for constituents from complex policy; spearheading communications components
of district outreach and events; overseeing an aggressive and responsive social media
program; creating targeted audience messaging and media strategies; writing op-eds,
talking points, newsletters, mailers, letters, and speeches; managing and coaching the
communications team; and working collaboratively with District O5ice and legislative sta5
to amplify the o5ice’s work. The Communications Director will also oversee franked
communications and a robust 499 program.
Candidates should have a minimum of 5-7 years of political communications experience, a
strong history of drafting all forms of communications materials, sharp attention to detail,
experience managing a team, and a track record of successfully pitching national and local
media outlets. The ideal candidate is collaborative, creative, detail-oriented, able to multitask, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fast-paced and demanding
setting. Nevada ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is preferred.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and any relevant examples of digital content you have
created (links to social media accounts, video work, written content, etc.) to Yvanna
Cancela at Yvanna.Cancela@mail.house.gov.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis until the position is ﬁlled. The position will
be ﬁlled quickly, so please apply soon if interested.

The O5ice of Congressman Horsford is an equal opportunity employer and encourages
applicants from all backgrounds to apply.

MEM-501-24
House GOP Member Seeks National Security Advisor
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
1. to develop and plan legislative initiatives related to a national security, cyber
security, foreign a5airs, and armed services portfolio.
2. to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House ﬂoor;
3. to meet with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
1. at least 1 year of legislative experience in a full-time, paid position or legislative
fellowship
2. excellent oral and written communication skills;
3. thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
4. ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
5. ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
6. ability to work well under pressure;
7. thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted in
subject line.

MEM-500-24
Title: Legislative Assistant, U.S. House Committee on Veterans’ ASairs, Republican
StaS
REPORTS TO: StaS Director, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations
Core Responsibilities:
• Conduct oversight of Subcommittee issue areas, including Department
implementation of laws, regulations, and programs
• Review evidence and data to analyze, develop, and provide detailed written and oral
reports of ﬁndings
• Assist the Subcommittee Sta5 Director in advising the Full Committee leadership
and Subcommittee leadership on legislative initiatives
• Draft hearing, markup, and ﬂoor statements for the Full Committee leadership and
Subcommittee leadership

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Draft trip reports, requests to agencies for information, letters to agencies, hearing
recaps, and other work product relevant to the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction
Assist in determining Full Committee and Subcommittee hearing topics and
preparing for hearings
Coordinate with Member o5ice sta5 on logistics, including Subcommittee Member
attendance for Subcommittee activities
Meet with congressional sta5 and internal/external organizations on the
Subcommittee’s behalf
Analyze current law and proposed legislation; assist with the drafting of legislation;
and draft policy memoranda as assigned
Assist with developing policy recommendations and serve as a resource for
Members both on and o5 Committee
Organize and maintain Subcommittee electronic records
Engage with whistleblowers
Travel and conduct oversight visits at agency facilities
Perform other duties as assigned by the Subcomittee Sta5 Director, Full Committee
Deputy Sta5 Director, and Full Committee Sta5 Director
This is a full-time, onsite, position in Washington, DC

Minimum Qualiﬁcations:
• Bachelor of Arts or Science
Required Skills:
• Knowledge of the legislative drafting process
• Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
• Excellent oral communications skills
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
• Strong Microsoft O5ice proﬁciency, including expertise in Word and ability to use
Excel
• Demonstrate the ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the
formulation and recommendation of policy positions
• Knowledge of current issues and events in which the Full Committee leadership is
involved
• Ability to work long hours under pressure and be cooperative and courteous with
others
• Ability to manage ﬂuctuating workloads
• Strong research skills
• Potential to work independently
Beneﬁts:
Employees may be eligible for the following beneﬁts:
• Sick and annual leave
• Metro beneﬁts or parking
• Student Loan Repayment Program

•
•
•
•
•
•

Federal Employee Health Beneﬁts Program
Thrift Savings Plan
Federal Employees’ Group Life Insurance Program
Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)

Other Information:
U.S. House of Representatives employment is at-will. The U.S. House of Representatives is
an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), disability, or age.
Applicants must pay for all transportation and all related travel expenses associated with
the interview and hiring process.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “O&I Republican Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.
What to Expect:
Your resume and cover letter will be reviewed to determine if you are among the top
candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an interview.

MEM-498-24
The Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial A5airs, House
Committee on Veterans’ A5airs, Majority Sta5 (DAMA) is seeking
a Legislative Assistant to provide administrative, legislative, and research
support to Subcommittee sta5, and assists with duties as assigned.
DUTIES:
• Maintain Subcommittee archives of activities, including identifying and tracking pending
legislation.
• Travel and conduct oversight visits at agency locations.
• Draft trip reports, requests to agencies for information (including tracking deadlines),
hearing recaps, and other work product relevant to the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction.
• Subcommittee casework as assigned.
• Answer telephone and respond to caller inquiries.
• Keep abreast of emails, including Member inquiries and agency notiﬁcations, and
schedule meetings with parties as appropriate.
• Organize and maintain Subcommittee electronic records, including meeting notes,
agency reports, other documents.
• Analyze current law and proposed legislation; assist with the drafting of legislation within
the Majority agenda as assigned; participate in sta5-level discussions with knowledge of

background information on legislation being considered; draft policy memoranda as
assigned.
• Assist with due diligence being performed as part of the Subcommittee’s oversight duties,
including requesting information from agencies on matters within the Subcommittee
jurisdiction.
• Assist with hearing preparation and coordination of hearings, including developing
recommendations of hearing topics, brieﬁng of Subcommittee Members, drafting
memoranda and remarks for Chairman, and development of questions.
• Coordinate with Member o5ice sta5 on logistics, including Subcommittee Member
attendance, for Subcommittee activities, including hearings.
• Attend meetings with agencies, veteran service organizations, and other parties, and
maintain notes on such meetings.
• Draft memoranda for the full Committee and Subcommittee Chairman on matters within
the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Review the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and other
publications for matters of interest to Subcommittee Members and sta5.
• Assist with developing policy recommendations and serve as a resource for Members
both on and o5 Committee.
• Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Subcommittee
Chairman, full Committee Sta5 Director or Deputy Sta5 Director, and Subcommittee Sta5
Director, and assisting other Committee sta5, as needed. This is a full-time, on-site
position in Washington, DC.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor of Arts or Science.
REQUIRED SKILLS:
•Strong writing and editing skills, including for work product of di5erent types with di5erent
audiences.
•Strong Microsoft O5ice proﬁciency, including expertise in Word and the ability to use
Excel.
•Strong organizational skills.
•S.trong verbal communication, including with di5erent audiences.
•Excellent attention to detail.
•Excellent listening skills.
•Strong ability to manage ﬂuctuating workloads and juggle and prioritize tasks, including
managing short-, medium-, and long-term tasks.
•Team oriented.
•Excellent ability to work well under pressure and time constraints.
•Strong research skills. Legal research skills (e.g., LexisNexis) is a plus.
•Problem solving and analytical skills are a plus.
•Potential to work independently.

How to Apply: Qualiﬁed candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and three (3)
writing samples to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“DAMA Republican Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-497-24
Midwest Republican seeks a Scheduler in the Washington, D.C. o5ice. Strong preference
for applicants with prior or current Hill experience.
Duties include but are not limited to the following:
• Maintaining the Member’s day-to-day schedule, sharing appropriate event details,
points of contact, and locations for meetings and events with the Member and sta5
as appropriate.
• Preparing daily itineraries for the Member along with all applicable brieﬁng materials
for the day ahead.
• Working closely with the Member, Chief of Sta5, and Legislative Director to process
all incoming meeting requests, invitations, committee hearings, and coordinating
travel arrangements.
• Working closely with the Communications Director to schedule radio and television
press, and interviews both in D.C. and in the district.
• Organizing expense reimbursements and working with the o5ice’s Financial
Administrator to reconcile o5ice accounts.
• Working closely with the District Director to plan and facilitate travel to district
visits.
• Maintains a good working relationship with constituents, committee sta5, other
Congressional o5ices, and other government o5ices/agencies.
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail are required. Ideal candidates should
have at least 1-2 years of relevant experience and the ability to multitask in a very fastpaced environment. Interested applicants can send their resume and any references
to GOPMidwestScheduler@gmail.com.

MEM-495-24
Job Opening : Scheduler
Representative-elect Eugene Vindman (VA-07) seeks a Scheduler to manage his schedule
in both Washington, DC and Virginia’s Seventh Congressional District. The position will be
based in his Washington, DC o5ice. The Scheduler will be responsible for managing the
Representative’s daily and long-term schedule; keeping track of and responding to
invitations and meeting requests; working with the District, Communications, and

Legislative teams to prioritize among competing events and to proactively schedule and
build out events in the district and in Washington, DC; compiling brieﬁng materials;
managing logistics and travel for the Representative; and assisting with o5ice operations
and administration. The position requires exceptional attention to detail, excellent
customer service skills, a high level of responsiveness, excellent communication skills, the
ability to work outside of normal business hours (particularly when Congress is in session),
and the ability to juggle competing priorities in a fast-paced environment. Note: for more
experienced candidates, this could become a Director of Operations role that would cover
scheduling as well as additional responsibilities.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and contact information
for three references to vindmanjobsva@gmail.com with the subject line “Scheduler – [Your
Name].”
The o5ice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Qualiﬁed people of color
and people from underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-494-24
Job Opening : District Director
Representative-elect Eugene Vindman (VA-07) seeks a District Director to manage his
constituent services and district outreach operation in Virginia’s Seventh District. The
position will be based in his Prince William County district o5ice, with regular travel
throughout the Seventh District. The District Director will be responsible for hiring, training,
and managing the district team; ensuring constituent casework is done e5iciently and
e5ectively; developing and executing an outreach strategy to ensure that the
Representative’s team is reaching every corner and every community of the district;
planning district events for the Representative during district work periods; developing and
maintaining relationships across the district with local government o5icials, businesses,
nonproﬁts, and other stakeholders; opening additional district o5ices as necessary; and
maintaining strong channels of communication with the DC o5ice so that constituent
concerns are heard and are at the forefront of the entire team’s work. The position requires
exceptional customer service skills, strong management skills (including the ability to
manage team members working in di5erent locations), attention to detail, proactivity, longterm planning, the ability to work outside of normal business hours to attend community
events, and an in-depth understanding of various communities in Virginias’s Seventh
District.

To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and contact information
for three references to vindmanjobsva@gmail.com with the subject line “District Director –
[Your Name].”
The o5ice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Qualiﬁed people of color
and people from underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-493-24
Job Opening : Communications Director
Representative-elect Eugene Vindman (VA-07) seeks a Communications Director to
manage his public-facing communications operation in his Washington, D.C. o5ice. The
Communications Director must have multiple years of communications experience on
Capitol Hill, campaigns, or similar environments. The Communications Director will be
responsible for training and managing the communications team; pitching stories on the
Representative to press; drafting press releases, speeches, talking points, op eds, and
other written materials; planning in-district media events; and developing and executing a
media strategy that includes earned media, digital media, and franked communications.
The position requires an understanding of the Virginia media landscape, an ability to build
and maintain relationships with both Capitol Hill and Virginia press, outstanding writing
and editing skills, an ability to speak/write in the Representative’s voice, and the ability to
meet short deadlines. Virginia ties are a plus. To apply, please send a cover letter, resume,
two writing samples, and contact information for three references to
vindmanjobsva@gmail.com with the subject line “Communications Director – [Your
Name].”
The o5ice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Qualiﬁed people of color
and people from underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-492-24
Job Opening: Legislative Director
Representative-elect Eugene Vindman (VA-07) seeks a Legislative Director to manage his

legislative operation in Washington, DC. The Legislative Director must have several years of
experience working on Capitol Hill, preferably in a House o5ice and with a Frontline
Member. The Legislative Director will be responsible for training and managing the
legislative team, providing vote recommendations, supervising committee work, tracking

legislative accomplishments, introducing original legislation, meeting with constituent
groups, recommending legislation to cosponsor, and developing and executing on a longterm legislative agenda in line with the Representative’s priorities. The position requires
deep policy expertise, an understanding of how to get things done on Capitol Hill, strong
management skills, excellent writing and communication skills, and the ability to work
outside of normal business hours (especially during in-session weeks). Virginia ties are a
plus.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and contact information
for three references to vindmanjobsva@gmail.com with the subject line “Legislative
Director – [Your Name].”
The o5ice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Qualiﬁed people of color
and people from underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-484-24
Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks a Caseworker to join his district o5ice in Rhode
Island. Candidates must have exceptional written and verbal communication skills, be
organized, and pay attention to detail. Candidates will be expected to be a liaison to other
government entities on behalf of the Congressman to serve constituents. Candidates
should have a strong ability to exercise discretion and judgment in resolving casework. The
Caseworker will report to the District Director, work with the sta5 in Washington D.C. as
appropriate, and may have other duties as assigned.
Candidates should have experience working in a fast-paced o5ice and maintain a
professional, ﬂexible, and positive demeanor while managing competing tasks and
projects. The Caseworker will be expected to maintain accurate and complete ﬁles on all
assigned casework matters and be able to respond to constituent request for information.
Casework or other relevant experience is strongly preferred. This is not an entry-level
position. Rhode Island ties are a plus. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged
to apply. The o5ice does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, a cover letter, and three references (including
name, current title and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the
reference) to RI01JobsAmo@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Caseworker”.

MEM-478-24

Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks a Field Representative to join his district o5ice in
Pawtucket, RI. Candidates must have exceptional communications skills, be detail
oriented, proactive, a strong understanding of Rhode Island, and able to work in a fastpaced, collaborative environment. Candidates are expected to serve as a liaison with
federal, state, and/or local agencies and constituent groups, communicate and meet with
constituents with and on behalf of the Congressman, sta5 the Congressman and represent
the o5ice at district events, manage grant and federal funding support requests from
constituents and local stakeholders, and answer casework correspondence, and other
duties as assigned. Some key functions of the position include:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Meeting with local groups and constituents.
Proactively seeking opportunities to develop community outreach relationships.
Working closely with the District Director and Washington D.C. o5ice to implement
planned outreach events and to suggest new innovative ideas.
Representing or speaking on behalf of the Congressman at events and local
meetings.
Staying abreast of local news and issues a5ecting Rhode Islanders.
Monitoring and updating the Congressman and sta5 on district and local issues.
Responding to casework and federal funding inquiries from constituents.
Performing other duties as assigned.

Successful applicants must be detail oriented, have a positive attitude, and the genuine
desire to serve constituents in Rhode Island’s First Congressional District. Congressional
or other relevant grant writing and managing experience is strongly preferred. Rhode Island
ties are a plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The o5ice does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status,
sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. To apply, send in a
single PDF with a resume, a cover letter, and three references (including name, current title
and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to RI01JobsAmo@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name – Field
Representative.”

MEM-476-24
Congressman Dan Crenshaw (R-TX-02) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working Legislative
Assistant (LA), based in our Washington, D.C. o5ice. This position reports to the Legislative
Director. The LA will handle an economic facing portfolio, including Budget and
Appropriations, Financial Services, and Tax, with other issues to follow.

Key duties include:
• Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Legislative Director, and
legislative, communications, and district teams on legislative updates
• Preparing and sta5ing the Member for meetings, and assisting in the drafting of remarks,
as needed
• Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio of
issue areas Working with external stakeholders, Congressional Research Service (CRS),
Legislative Counsel, and committee sta5 to draft legislation based on the Member’s
priorities
• Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communications skills and be detailoriented, organized, and creative. They must be able to quickly learn the member’s voice
and think in a proactive, communications-focused manner.
Other key qualities include:
• Commitment to a collaborative work environment
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage competing priorities
• Ability to communicate up and down within the team
• Ability to learn the Congressman’s voice and legislative priorities
• Interest in identifying and pursuing new opportunities and the ability to anticipate and
adapt to challenges
Hill experience is required. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with level of
experience. Qualiﬁed applicants should submit a resume and writing sample (no more
than 3 pages) as one combined PDF to Kenneth.Depew@mail.house.gov. Include
“Legislative Assistant – [Full Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on
a rolling basis as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-474-24
Title: Digital Director, House Committee on Veterans’ A5airs, Republican Sta5
Reports to: Communications Director, House Committee on Veterans’ A5airs
The Republican (Majority) sta5 of the House Committee on Veterans’ A5airs is seeking a
full-time Digital Director.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Drafting press releases, ﬂoor speeches, quotes, talking points, social media posts,
one-pagers, and scripts for speaking engagements and video productions.
• Creating, developing, and managing social media posts and a broader social media
strategy.
• Managing sending out press releases, o5icial statements, media advisories, and
other external communications.
• Managing the Committee website.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Managing the internal and external Committee press list, to include growing the
external press list.
Managing hearing livestreams.
Clipping and posting Committee Members’ hearing and ﬂoor remarks in real-time.
Photographing hearings, events, and meetings, to include occasional videography.
Creating graphics for social media and visual aids.
Compiling, monitoring, and distributing daily press clips.
Perform other duties as assigned.

The ideal candidate will possess strong written, verbal, and digital communication skills,
an interest in veterans’ issues, the ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative, forwardthinking environment, professionalism, and a good sense of humor. This is not an entry
level position; prior Capitol Hill communications experience or private-sector equivalent is
required.
Beneﬁts:
• Employees may be eligible for the following beneﬁts:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the
interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, references, and three writing
samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Digital Director” in the subject line. No
calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-473-24
Title: StaS Assistant, House Committee on Veterans’ A5airs, Republican Sta5
Reports to: Chief Clerk, House Committee on Veterans’ A5airs

Sta5 assistants often serve as the ﬁrst point of contact for constituents, guests, and VIPs,
setting the tone for the o5ice. The Sta5 Assistant provides general administrative support
to sta5, sta5s front o5ice and phones, preparation for hearings/committee business,
processes mail, and assists with other duties as assigned. Previous Hill experience is
recommended but not required.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Foster a welcoming atmosphere and create a positive ﬁrst impression for the
o5ice's constituents, visitors, and VIPs.
Provide front o5ice administrative coverage to include answering phones, and
processing mail.
Maintain ﬁles for mail, bills, reports, and public laws, and other legislative papers.
Prepare binders for full committee events (hearings, markups, ﬂoor, etc.).
Prepares hearing room for hearings, markups, and other committee business.
Review the Congressional Record daily for information that impacts the Committee.
Maintain contact lists for committee sta5 and committee member personal o5ice
sta5.
Oversee the internship program, which includes supervising and training interns.
Manages hearing room reservations
Maintain Republican email distribution and contact lists.
Monitor o5ice supplies to ensure that sta5 have needed supplies.
Serve as the secondary O5ice Safety Coordinator.
Perform other duties as assigned.

Beneﬁts:
• Employees may be eligible for the following beneﬁts:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the
interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.

How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and references to
VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Sta5 Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walkins, please.

MEM-410-24
CONGRESSIONAL STAFF: Full Time Constituent Services Representative
SUMMARY: The Constituent Services Representative position acts as a liaison to federal,
district, and local agencies for the Member/constituents and answers casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents. Candidates must be a selfstarter, excited to problem solve, hardworking, dependable, and organized as well as
possess strong oral and written communication skills. This position requires the ability to
work well under pressure, good judgment, strong customer service skills, and a
commitment to public service. Availability to work some evenings and weekends is
required. Ability to communicate in multiple languages is also highly desirable. A vehicle to
travel to evening and weekend events is also recommended.
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a cover letter and resume
to ny08team@gmail.com with the Subject Line: Constituent Services Representative
Position.
Women, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
• Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies;
• Handles casework assignments and special projects at the direction of the Director of
Constituent Services;
• Continually screens active cases/ constituent service requests and acts as a liaison
with constituents to ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
• Maintains up-to-date ﬁles on all cases and categories of information of importance to
the o5ice;
• Attends and monitors scheduled district meetings on behalf of the Member with
constituents and groups during regular o5ice hours, some evenings and weekends;
• Logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors & telephone calls;
• Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework and constituent concerns in Congressional Management System Database;
• Performs cross functional tasks with other departments, as needed.
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the o5ice; Maintains a good
working relationship with the Member, sta5, and constituents;

• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong customer service, oral and written communication skills;
• Familiarity with local, state and federal agencies; Strong knowledge of issues and
events in the district in which the Member is involved;
• Professional telephone manner and excellent customer and client service skills;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities;
• Knowledge of o5ice policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge and proﬁciency in Microsoft o5ice suite and other o5ice computer
applications.

MEM-382-24
The Military and Veterans ASairs Liaison is responsible for maintaining relationships with
veterans, military members, military installations and organizations, veterans organizations
and o5ices, and other like entities within the district. Additionally, the liaison will be
responsible for all military and veterans related casework and lead the o5ice’s service
academy nomination process.
•

•
•
•

•
•
•

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility including
answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal communications
with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned issue
areas by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents, organizations,
etc;
Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal o5icials and other persons or groups to form
e5ective relationships for the Member;
Acts as a liaison to and notiﬁes the appropriate media when the Member will be in the
liaison’s area and works with the Member’s Scheduler and Press Secretary to ensure
appropriate media participation;
Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes recommendations
to the District Director and Director of Constituent Services;
Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district o5ices;

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Assists with the handling of o5ice matters such as logging incoming and outgoing
correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district activities in
his or her assigned issue areas;
Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure that their
cases are handled in a responsive manner;
Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, sta5, and constituents;
Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience preferred;
Previous o5ice experience is preferred;
Previous experience working for a Member of Congress, elected o5icial, or government
agency preferred;

•
•
•

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
Meets attendance requirements as established by the o5ice;
Accepts performance based criticism and directions;
Strong oral and written communication skills;
Works well under pressure and handles stress;
Works a ﬂexible schedule including some nights and weekends;
Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and procedures;
Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
Professional telephone manner;
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities;
Knowledge of o5ice policies, practices, and procedures;
Knowledge of o5ice computer applications; and
Proﬁciency in word processing.

•
•
•

WORKING CONDITIONS:
Work is mainly performed in an o5ice environment;
Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
This job is primarily performed in-person

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•

This position will be in the District O5ices of Congressman Max Miller (Medina and Parma,
Ohio)
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume to
Raymond.Paoletta@mail.house.gov.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-135-24
PRESS SECRETARY- The O5ice of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03) seeks an
experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. o5ice. Candidates must be able to
manage media relations, press opportunities, and messaging for a senior member of
Congress. This role reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active relationships with
top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience will receive preferred
consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations, messaging,
and risk management.
•Advance press events and sta5 the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current relationships
with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the o5ice’s larger communications
strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The O5ice of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and
gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic
information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status,

military service, or other non-merit factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as
candidates from underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.

MEM-451-23
The O5ice of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the House
Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an experienced policy
professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities including civil
rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Sta5 and Communications Director the
Legislative Director will aim to ensure the Member’s strategic legislative vision is
implemented. This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate will have signiﬁcant
previous experience working in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative sta5 focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports ﬂoor action to the Member and the Chief of Sta5.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district o5ice sta5 on
policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation a5ecting the district, legislation
sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an original, lead cosponsor,
and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the o5ice in the absence of the Chief of Sta5.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-proﬁle Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process

•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights, women’s rights,
gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign a5airs strongly preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2 references to
ellis.mcginnis@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This
position will remain open until ﬁlled. Incomplete applications may not be considered. This
o5ice is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants without regard to
race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, disability or national origin.

