Member and Committee Openings
Week of June 23, 2025
MEM-201-25
The Committee on Ways and Means, U.S. House of Representatives, seeks
applications to fill a Trade Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
The position entails: arranging and staffing hearings; legislative drafting; providing expert
legal analysis; negotiating and corresponding with Executive agencies; and conducting
oversight and investigative activities.
Candidates for the position must be graduates of an accredited law school and members
in good standing of a state or the District of Columbia Bar. Candidates must be a U.S.
citizen and have at least five years of direct litigation experience. Exceptional legal
research and writing skills are required.
Candidates must be able to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance.
Previous federal government experience is preferred with a specific background in
customs law, trade remedies, sanctions, investment law, intellectual property rights, labor
law, environmental law, or human rights.
Applicants must be able to travel internationally. Candidates with an ability to converse in
French or Spanish is highly desirable.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and references to
WMDemTradeSubmissions@mail.house.gov.
This position closes on July 28, 2025.

MEM-200-25
Senior Field Representative & Caseworker
Oakland, CA
The Senior Field Representative and Caseworker serves as a key liaison between the
Congresswoman and her constituents, managing casework and ensuring effective
communication within the district. This position involves handling constituent inquiries,

collaborating with local, state, and federal agencies, and assisting in the identification of
legislative needs based on constituent concerns. The Senior Field Representative and
Caseworker will also participate in district/stakeholder meetings, provide regular updates
to the Congresswoman and District Director on casework trends, and work to build and
maintain strong relationships with community stakeholders and government officials.
Key Responsibilities:
• Act as one of the Congresswoman’s primary representatives in the district,
managing casework and responding to constituent inquiries.
• Serve as a liaison between constituents and federal, state, and local agencies,
ensuring timely resolutions to casework issues.
• Provide regular updates to the Congresswoman, Chief of StaU, and District Director
on local developments, media trends, and constituent concerns.
• Organize, attend and monitor district/stakeholder meetings, ensuring eUicient
coordination and communication between the Congresswoman and constituents.
• Identify legislative issues arising from casework, and collaborate with the District
Director to assess and recommend potential actions.
• Foster strong relationships with local, state, and federal oUicials, community
leaders, and organizations to enhance the Congresswoman’s outreach eUorts.
• Work eUectively under pressure, managing competing priorities and maintaining
professionalism in a fast-paced environment.
• Maintain a ﬂexible work schedule, including availability for long hours, evening, and
weekend events.
• Perform additional duties as assigned by the Congresswoman, Chief of StaU, or
District Director.
Skills and Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Strong oral and written communication skills, with the ability to eUectively
communicate with diverse stakeholders.
At least 3+ years of experience handling Federal casework; Extensive knowledge of
local, state, and federal agencies and their processes.
Understanding of the issues and events aUecting the district, particularly those
within the Congresswoman’s focus areas.
Ability to manage multiple priorities, demonstrate attention to detail, and maintain
conﬁdentiality.
Strong interpersonal skills and a professional demeanor when engaging with
constituents, colleagues, and public oUicials.
Ability to work independently and exercise discretion in casework management.
Proﬁciency with oUice practices, procedures, and computer applications.
Bilingual proﬁciency (Spanish, Mandarin, or Cantonese) is a plus.

Working Conditions and Other Job Requirements:

•
•
•
•

Reports directly to District Director.
Works during business hours (9-5 p.m.), with the ability to work a ﬂexible schedule
that may include long hours, nights and weekends as assigned.
Primary duty station is in the oUice, with travel throughout the District to perform
driving duties and attend events as assigned.
Due to the nature of constituent services work, telework is limited and provided on a
case-by-case basis.

Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.
To apply please submit a cover letter and resume to Eden Chan
at eden.chan@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Application for Senior Field Rep &
Caseworker Position”

MEM-199-25
Position Overview:
The Office of Congresswoman Kelly Morrison (MN-03) is hiring for a Digital Director to run
our digital communications strategy based out of Washington, DC. We’re looking for a
sharp, creative, and deeply online digital strategist who lives at the intersection of culture
and politics. This senior-level position will lead on turning traditional media, legislative
efforts, and live events into compelling, shareable content – with an emphasis on shortform video and creative rapid-response.
The Digital Director will be responsible for creating and executing digital strategy for the
first and only pro-choice OBGYN in Congress. We’re excited to bring on a strategic thinker,
a thoughtful writer, and a digital native who thrives on turning creative ideas into content
that resonates.
Hill experience is not required. Campaign, firm, and/or video production experience is
strongly preferred.
You can check out some of Rep. Morrison’s social media here: Instagram and TikTok
Responsibilities:
• Develop and lead a proactive, cross-platform digital strategy aligned with the
Congresswoman’s legislative priorities and communications goals
• Oversee all digital platforms and manage the day-to-day content calendar in
coordination with the communications director

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Write and produce persuasive video scripts for direct-to-camera, green screen, and
inﬂuencer-style formats
Create engaging, accessible content across formats—graphics, videos,
infographics, and short-form storytelling
Work closely with press and legislative teams to translate hearings, speeches, and
media hits into digital-ﬁrst content
Support rapid response eUorts with timely, platform-speciﬁc content
Pitch and execute bold digital ideas that push beyond traditional Hill
communications
Build and manage relationships with content creators, journalists, and digital media
partners
Track analytics and engagement data to assess performance and reﬁne strategy

Qualifications:
• 3–5+ years of experience in digital communications, social media, video production,
or multimedia storytelling (campaign experience strongly preferred)
• Proﬁciency in design tools like Canva or Adobe Creative Suite
• Strong experience with video editing and captioning tools, as well as photography
and graphic design
• Fast, sharp writer with a strong visual and narrative instinct
• Strong political instincts and a habit of consuming a wide range of traditional and
digital media, from news to niche internet culture
• Demonstrated experience working with creators or inﬂuencer collaborations
• Highly organized, detail-oriented, and comfortable managing multiple projects
under pressure
• Self-starter with good judgment, creative instincts, and the ability to work
independently
Compensation: $72,000 - $90,000
Application Instructions:
Interested candidates should email their resume and digital portfolio or sample to
MorrisonPress@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Digital Director - Full Name.”
We are looking to fill this position as soon as possible and interviews will be conducted on
a rolling basis as applications are received. Ideal start date would be in late June or early
July 2025.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Our office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, age, disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.

The office offers a competitive package of benefits (health insurance, retirement match,
student loan repayment program – eligibility requirements apply, etc.). Salary is
commensurate with experience.

MEM-198-25
Immigration Caseworker – Rep. Dina Titus
The Office of Congresswoman Dina Titus seeks an organized and detail-oriented
caseworker for her Las Vegas office.
An ideal candidate must possess time management skills and the ability to multitask in a
fast-paced environment. The caseworker will be responsible for handling immigration
casework and correspondence and serving as a liaison with federal, state, and local
agencies. This person will process casework assignments and assess casework
challenges requiring action from the Office. Additionally, this individual will continuously
screen active cases and maintain correspondence with constituents to ensure that their
cases are handled in a responsive manner, and maintain up-to-date and detailed files on
all cases. Occasionally, the caseworker may be assigned other duties, including
administrative or outreach such as mobile office hours in Nevada’s First Congressional
District.
Candidates should have excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to
work under pressure. The person who fills this role should be a team player while also
working independently, and have a strong commitment to public service. This role regularly
interacts with constituents and stakeholders and should have a friendly and professional
demeanor.
Candidates with a diverse background, Nevada state ties, and Spanish-language
proficiency are strongly encouraged to apply. Rep. Titus is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
Those interested in applying should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and one short writing
sample to NV01Jobs@gmail.com subject: “Caseworker”. Applications will be accepted on
a rolling basis and will remain open until the position is filled.

MEM-197-25
CONSTITUENT ADVOCATE: The Office of U.S. Representative Chrissy Houlahan, PA-06 is
seeking a customer service oriented, high performing individual to serve as a Constituent
Advocate in our satellite office in Reading, Pennsylvania.

As a Constituent Advocate for a congressional district office, you will be a liaison between
constituents and federal government agencies. You will respond to constituent requests
for assistance – from individuals, businesses, and nonprofits – and resolve casework
issues through inquiries, facilitation, and problem solving. Additionally, you will represent
the Congresswoman in meetings and at events in our congressional district while building
and maintaining productive, supportive working relationships with local government,
business groups, non-profit, and other stakeholder groups within our community.
Constituent Advocates also identify local problems that can be solved by federal action
and are knowledgeable of the impact of proposed and enacted federal legislation on
stakeholders in our community. Job responsibilities include in-person outreach to relevant
stakeholder groups in our community and successful candidates must have their own
reliable transportation.
The right candidate will serve as a critical part of a close-knit team. Applicants should have
an enthusiastic interest in public service, superior attention to detail, and be motivated to
serve our community. Excellent written and oral communication skills are essential, as
well as the ability to manage multiple tasks, deadlines, and work well under pressure in a
fast-paced environment. Optimistic demeanor and a good sense of humor are a must.
Connections to Pennsylvania and the 6th district are advantageous.
Our office hours are 9:00am – 5:00 pm Monday through Friday. Our district staff alternates
days in the office and days in a work-from-home/outreach schedule (flex days). You must
be able to attend work duties on some evenings and weekends for events as needed.
Starting annual salary is $60,000 and a parking space is provided in the office building lot.
Medical benefits, savings and investment planning, tuition loan reimbursement, and 20
days paid time off are available as benefits for full-time staff members. Additionally, as
Rep. Houlahan believes in actively giving back to our community, each staff member is
allocated 5 additional days of paid leave for volunteer work annually.
Please submit resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to PA06HoulahanJobs@gmail.com and indicate “CONSTITUENT ADVOCATE: (your last
name)” in the subject line. No walk-ins or drop-bys, please. Incomplete applications will
not be considered.
This position is an immediate opening and will report to the District Director.
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and minorities are
strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity
and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.

MEM-195-25

Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum seeking Caseworker
The office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum is seeking a Caseworker to join the district
office in Oregon City, Oregon. This position offers a great opportunity to serve as a grass
roots representative for the Member and act as a liaison with federal, district, and local
agencies.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local issues
relevant to casework;
• to answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents; and
• to act as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the Member and
constituents.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor’s degree or related job experience;
• strong oral and written communication skills;
• knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
• proﬁciency in word processing;
• strong telephone skills;
• skill in organizing and prioritizing work tasks and activities;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities;
• availability to work long hours;
• ability to work well under pressure; and
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
DUTIES:
• Acts as the grassroots representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility, including answering casework correspondence, verbal
communications with constituents, and acting as liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies;
• Handles all casework assignments;
• Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Chief of StaU/Administrative
Assistant;
• Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district oUices;
• Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
• Prepares weekly reports on pending cases in his or her assigned issue areas;

•
•
•

Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
Maintains up-to-date ﬁles on all cases and categories of information of importance
to the OUice; and
Performs other duties as assigned.

HOW TO APPLY:
• Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by June
27, 2025.
NOTICE:
• All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability,
age, or national origin.

MEM-189-25
Congressman Jason Crow (CO-06) seeks a full-time Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent for our Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include staffing the front office of a fast-paced congressional office,
including greeting visitors, answering incoming phone calls, handling tour and flag
requests, and managing the D.C. internship program. This position is also responsible for
constituent correspondence duties, including sorting incoming mail, drafting constituent
letters and responses, ensuring timely responses to constituents, and sending mail.
The Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent will work closely with the Legislative
Director and Director of Scheduling and Operations. Successful candidates will have a
self-starting personality, strong oral and written communication skills, and a
demonstrated willingness and desire to continuously learn. Applicants should be detailoriented, have strong organizational skills, and be effective in managing their time.
Colorado ties are a plus but not required.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, and a writing
sample (not to exceed three pages) as a single PDF to co06.resumes@mail.house.gov with
the subject title “[LAST NAME] - Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent.” Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis. No walk-ins or phone calls, please.
The salary of this position is $55,000.

This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-188-25
Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Communications Director to
lead and execute an aggressive communications strategy for a battleground district. In
close collaboration with the Member, Chief of Staff, and legislative and district teams, the
Communications Director will oversee the Member’s communications agenda and
manage a fast-paced communications team in the district and D.C. This position reports to
the Chief of Staff and is not an entry level position.
Responsibilities include maintaining relationships with national and local reporters,
replying to press inquiries, and proactively pitching stories; drafting and editing press
releases; developing media strategies to roll out legislative wins; spearheading
communications components of district outreach and events; running an aggressive and
responsive social media program; writing op-eds, talking points, and speeches; managing
and coaching the communications team; and working collaboratively with District Office
and legislative staff to amplify the office’s work. The Communications Director will also
oversee franked communications and a robust 499 program.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of political communications experience,
strong oral and written communication skills, sharp attention to detail, experience
managing a team, and a track record of successfully pitching media outlets. The ideal
candidate is politically astute, calm under pressure, collaborative, and willing to work the
long, irregular hours required by a communications job in the modern-day news cycle.
Nevada ties are a plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status,
sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three references (including
name, title, organization, phone, email, and relationship), and writing sample to
nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name – Communications
Director."

MEM-185-25
Congressman Mike Levin (D-CA-49) is seeking a Press Assistant for his Carlsbad district
office or Dana Point district office to assist in executing a robust and fast-paced
communications strategy and expand his presence online and across all social media
platforms.

Responsibilities include but are not limited to supporting and staffing district press
conferences and press events, staffing district press interviews, drafting press releases
and media advisories, creating social media content for various platforms, designing
graphics and print materials, recording and editing videos of the Congressman and
constituents, seeking and recording constituents’ testimonials, managing the Constituent
of the Month program, and more. The individual will work closely with the D.C.-based
Communications Director and Press Secretary/Digital Manager on day-to-day operations
of the communications team
Candidates should have some experience with social media strategy, strong writing skills,
proficiency in graphic design, and experience with both videography and photography.
Ability to work well with others, manage competing priorities, and turn around high-quality
products under tight deadlines are a must. Professional communications experience
(whether through full time employment, internships, or volunteer experience) is required.
Prior experience on Capitol Hill or with advocacy campaigns is a plus but not necessary.
Salary range is $45,000-$50,000, commensurate with experience.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, references, one to two digital
graphic work samples, and one video sample to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov with
“Press Assistant” in the subject line.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply, including women, people of color, and members of the
LGBTQ community.

MEM-182-25
Job Opportunity: Communications Director
Office of Congressman Don Davis (NC-01)
Congressman Don Davis, representing North Carolina’s 1st Congressional District, seeks
an experienced Communications Director to lead a comprehensive communications
strategy in a highly competitive district. The ideal candidate is a responsive and
collaborative professional with strong writing and digital skills, and sharp attention to
detail. This role requires close, ongoing coordination with the congressman and staff to
shape and carry out a fast-paced, strategic communications plan often balancing multiple
priorities under tight deadlines.
This is a Washington, D.C.-based position and is classified as exempt.
Key Responsibilities:

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Serve as the principal contact for national and local media; manage incoming press
inquiries and proactively pitch stories.
Draft and edit a wide range of written materials, including press releases, op-eds,
talking points, newsletters, speeches, and event messaging.
Develop and manage digital content across platforms, including drafting social
media posts, producing video and graphic materials, and maintaining updates to the
oUicial website.
Lead development and execution of communications plans to highlight the
Member’s legislative and district activities.
Oversee oUicial communications, including management of franked content and
the 499 program.
Supervise and mentor communications staU and interns.
Collaborate across departments to amplify constituent outreach, district initiatives,
and policy priorities.

Qualifications:
• 3–5 years of political or policy communications experience required.
• Strong writing, editing, and strategic messaging skills.
• Demonstrated media relations success and ability to lead communications in a
fast-paced environment.
• Experience managing oUicial (franked) mail preferred.
• Track record of producing content on digital platforms, graphic design, or video
production.
• Ties to North Carolina and previous Hill experience are strongly preferred.
• Must be a collaborative, high-energy team player committed to advancing the
oUice’s mission and responsive to emerging priorities.
Application Process:
Review of applications will begin immediately, with interviews to follow shortly, aiming for
a swift hiring process. Interested applicants are urged to apply promptly.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer, committed to inclusivity and nondiscrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, or national origin.
To Apply:
Submit a resume, cover letter, a writing sample of no more than 1,000 words, and three
references (including name, title, organization, contact details, and your relationship with
them) in a single PDF to nc01resumes@gmail.com.
Use the subject line: “Your Full Name – Communications Director.”

MEM-180-25
District Press Secretary – Office of Rep. Angie Craig (MN-02)

Rep. Angie Craig (MN-02) is seeking a Press Secretary in her Eagan office to join a fastpaced communications team. The ideal candidate will have excellent writing, editing, and
photography skills. Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director in drafting
releases, talking points, speeches, and quotes, maintaining press lists and staffing the
Member at district-based press events. They will also assist the DC-based Press/Digital
Assistant in drafting and posting social content for district events.
Responsibilities:
• Assist the Communications Director with drafting press releases, quotes,
statements, speeches and talking points
• Help identify and cultivate relationships with local reporters in the district
• StaU and manage reporter interactions with the Member at MN-based press events
• Work with the District OUice to publicize constituent services and events
• Manage live-streaming and photography at MN-based press conferences and events
Qualifications:
• Exceptional writing, editing, and organizational skills
• Experience with social media platforms and tools
• Strong photography and videography skills
• Detail-oriented, with the ability to juggle multiple tasks and meet tight deadlines
• Experience staUing a principal and working with local reporters
Salary: The starting salary for this position is $65,000.
Application Instructions:
Interested applicants should submit a resume, two writing samples, and one digital work
sample (i.e. graphic or video) to RepCraigPress@mail.house.gov. Include “Press Secretary
– (First Name) (Last Name)” in the subject line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling
basis.
The office of Representative Angie Craig is an equal opportunity employer; the office does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our office encourages candidates of diverse
backgrounds to apply. Minnesota ties are a plus.

MEM-177-25
The U.S. House Committee on Agriculture has an immediate need to hire an experienced,
full-time Digital Director in Washington, D.C. Interested candidates are encouraged to
submit a resume, cover letter, and portfolio to HouseAgDemJobs@mail.house.gov.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

Job Expectations:
As Digital Director, you will be responsible for recognizing opportunities and building digital
communications programs and campaigns in support of the Committee’s
communications strategy. Your work will focus on building smart, sophisticated, and
measurable programs and campaigns that support both short- and long-term goals and
meet rapid response needs. This will include outlining content plans, producing digital
content, developing editorial calendars, drafting various digital communications products
(e.g., social media posts, graphics, video scripts) and working with policy staff to ensure
content is timely and accurate. Understanding digital amplification strategies, audience
segmentation, and algorithms across platforms is important for this role. This position
requires the ability to work outside of normal office hours, including nights and weekends,
when needs arise.
Salary Level/Range: The salary range for the Digital Director role is $75,000-$90,000,
commensurate with experience.
Job Duties:
• Designs and implements comprehensive digital communications strategies that
promote the Committee’s policies and priorities.
• Manages all social media channels and web content to ensure all platforms are
adequately maintained and up to date.
• Identiﬁes and pitches new ways to engage with digital audiences and content
creators.
• Oversees digital editorial calendars to manage the Committee’s digital media
accounts.
• Educates, trains, and ampliﬁes digital content use among Committee member
oUices.
• Leads the crafting of compelling digital content that furthers the Committee’s shortand long-term goals.
• Stays informed on the social media trends impacting the Committee’s
communications eUorts and strategies.
• Prepares the Ranking Member for all audio and video clips for social platforms.
• Develops digital media kits for Committee member oUices.
• Compiles regular reports on digital analytics to distribute to Committee staU.
• Builds connections with Committee member oUice staU to satisfy digital content
requests, earn trust, and identify opportunities for coordinated campaigns across
Committee and member oUice accounts.
• Assists in drafting statements, press releases, and talking points, and performs
other duties as needed.
Required Experience and Skills:

•
•

•
•
•
•

3+ years of work experience in relevant digital content programs and social media
management.
Demonstrated experience in one or more of the following ﬁelds: digital content
development, social media management, online analytics, graphic design, and
video production.
Self-driven with a proven ability to set strategy.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Curiosity about new channels and technology.
Comfort with tight deadlines and quick-turn projects.

Preferences:
• Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in digital media, mass
communications, or similar.
• Agency experience in a digital role.
• Comfort and track record in rapid response and/or crisis scenarios.
• Experience working in fast-paced political environments.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and digital
portfolio including social copy, video, and graphic design (e.g., social media graphic,
infographic, factsheet) to HouseAgDemJobs@mail.house.gov. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-173-25
District Director
U.S. Representative Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a Hawai’i management professional
with federal government experience to serve as his District Director in his Honolulu district
office.
This position is a key staff leadership role in assisting the Congressman’s representation of
Hawai’i in the U.S. House of Representatives. The District Director manages all operations
of his district office and district staff. This includes being the primary point of contact and
public face of the Member’s office in the district, facilitating the Member’s visibility and
engagement in the district through joining and representing the Member in regular district
meetings and events, building and maintaining strong relationships with local community
leaders and stakeholders, overseeing the Member’s constituent casework activities with
federal, state and county departments and agencies, and coordinating with the Member’s
Washington-based staff, in particular his D.C.-based Chief if Staff, to align district office
work with the Member’s D.C. and broader priorities.

The position requires, among other qualities and experience, an extensive knowledge of
government and Hawai’i, initiative, interpersonal and management skills, the ability to
multitask, work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
problems, orientation to detail, verbal communication and writing skills, and long and
unpredictable hours.
Applicants should be longtime current or recent residents of Hawai’i with government
experience, preferably the federal government generally and the U.S. Congress
specifically. Other preferred qualifications include experience developing and
implementing community relations strategies for an elected official, federal agency or
similar organization; proven ability to manage staff, make sound decisions and prioritize
competing demands in a fast-paced environment; familiarity with the key issues and
stakeholders in Hawai’i overall and the First Congressional District (Honolulu) specifically;
and demonstrated commitment to public service and community engagement.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter detailing these qualifications together with
three references to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Honolulu Director Vacancy” in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-172-25
Professional Staff - Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Work and
Welfare – Majority
Assist Subcommittee Staff Director as designated expert in primary social safety net
programs within the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction, including Temporary Assistance for
Needy Families (TANF), Supplemental Security Income (SSI), child support enforcement,
Social Services Bock Grant (SSBG), work requirements, poverty measurement, and welfare
reform policy.
Independently organize hearings, conduct in-depth research and develop policy
proposals, track, draft and manage legislation for the Committee, prepare for marks-ups,
manage relationships and federal agency implementation of programs, act as primary
liaison and brief legislative assistants and Member office staff, prepare weekly memos for
the Chairman, develop strategic relationships with stakeholders, draft letters and requests
for GAO and OIG, manage scheduling, supervise interns, proactively develop creative
policy proposals to assist low-income children and families.
Qualifications include B.A., prior experience with specific programs areas mentioned
above, understanding of legislative process, adept at drafting legislation and policy
proposals, independently driven to grow expertise in programs and areas included in
portfolio, must be task-oriented and organized, requires excellent writing and

communication skills. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter
to Cheryl.vincent@mail.house.gov

MEM-170-25
The Washington, D.C. Office of Rep. Steven Horsford (D-NV), Member of the Committee on
Ways and Means Committee is hiring a Legislative Director.
The Legislative Director works with the Member and other senior staff to lead development
and implementation of her policy, legislative, and appropriations strategy, managing a
legislative team of 4-5 staff and fellows while also covering a small individual portfolio of
legislative issues. Primary responsibilities for this role include:
• Developing and advancing the Member’s policy priorities through the legislative and
appropriations processes.
• Managing the operations of the legislative team and serving as a member of the office’s
senior leadership team.
• Developing memos, remarks, committee materials, and other briefing materials for the
Member/office.
• Supporting the press team on policy-related communications.
• Working with the district team to support their work and address constituents’ policy
concerns.
• Monitoring activity on the House Floor and the Member’s committee and working with the
legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
• Building and maintaining positive and effective relationships with district, D.C., and
national stakeholders and advocacy organizations.
• Overseeing the office’s constituent correspondence program; and
• Other duties and special projects as assigned.
This is not an entry-level role. Candidates should have deep expertise in policy, legislative
drafting and procedure, and congressional appropriations. Nevada ties are a plus.
Candidates with previous Ways and Means experience are encouraged to apply.
Essential skills include an expert-level working knowledge of Congress; strong oral and
written communication skills, including rigorous editing and fact-checking; excellent
attention to detail; the ability to execute on multiple deadlines and tasks in a fast-paced
environment; strong interpersonal and relationship-building skills; the ability to make
quick decisions when advising a principal; a proven track record navigating complex
constituent and political situations; and the responsiveness and professional demeanor to
represent the office well to a wide range of communities.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status.

To apply, please email Yvanna Cancela at Yvanna.Cancela@mail.house.gov, chief of staff,
with “Legislative Director” in the subject line and the following application materials
attached as one combined PDF, applications will be considered on a rolling basis:
• Résumé
• Cover letter
• 2-3 professional references

MEM-167-25
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks an experienced, strategic, and highly
organized Director of Operations to lead core administrative functions and deepen
engagement across Member offices and external stakeholders. This role serves as a chief
integrator of operations and member services—managing internal systems, supporting
CBC leadership, and advancing the Caucus’ institutional effectiveness and mission.
The Director of Operations, under the direction of the Executive Director, will be
responsible for overseeing day-to-day administration, technology systems, and office
logistics, while simultaneously leading member services strategy to strengthen
communication, coordination, and shared policy goals across CBC offices. The ideal
candidate is a dynamic team leader with a strong understanding of congressional
operations, excellent judgment, and a deep commitment to Black communities.
Key Responsibilities:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Strategic Operations & Administration
Coordinate all core operational functions of the CBC, including ﬁnance, human
resources, information technology and oUice logistics.
Collaborate with the CBC staU to develop and manage long-term and daily
schedules, brieﬁng books, and institutional materials.
Deploy and manage communications, project management, cybersecurity, and
information-sharing technologies to safeguard and streamline operations.
Maintain administrative policies, procedures, and records, and oversee compliance
with House standards and protocols.
Maintain staU contact information and distribution lists .

Member Services & Engagement
•

•

Serve as the primary liaison to CBC Member oUices, building proactive relationships
and identifying opportunities for collaboration, engagement, and strategic
alignment.
Conduct regular outreach to Member oUices to share event participation
opportunities, coordinate messaging, and support shared policy initiatives.

•
•
•

Draft and distribute newsletters to internal and external audiences highlighting
Member engagement, upcoming events, and legislative priorities.
Develop in coordination with other teammates, brieﬁng materials, resources, and
toolkits for use by CBC Member oUices and staU.
Builds and maintains databases of internal and external stakeholders

Program & Event Management
•
•

Oversee logistics for weekly Caucus meetings, brieﬁngs, retreats, and special
convenings.
Coordinate scheduling of House and Capitol rooms for CBC-hosted events,
stakeholder meetings, and external collaborations.

Personnel & Administrative Oversight
•
•

Support staU onboarding, orientation, and exit procedures; maintain personnel
records and staU contact systems.
Supervise interns and manage internal workﬂows and team coordination.

Qualifications:
• Deep understanding of CBC policy priorities and experience working with the
African American community.
• Strong grasp of congressional operations, House and Senate procedures, and
legislative processes.
• Signiﬁcant experience in operations, member services, congressional
administration, or a related ﬁeld.
• Exceptional writing, communication, and interpersonal skills; highly organized with
keen attention to detail.
• Experience with oUice management protocols.
• Demonstrated ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced, politically
sensitive environment.
• Discretion, professionalism, and sound political judgment are essential.
To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No
walk-ins or calls please.

MEM-165-25
Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) is seeking a hardworking and collaborative
Legislative Correspondent to manage the office’s active mail program. Additional issue
areas may be assigned as needed. Responsibilities include but are not limited to batching
incoming constituent outreach, drafting timely responses to constituent letters,
proofreading letters, tracking trends in constituent correspondence, and other duties as

assigned. This individual will also have the opportunity to assist on the health and
education portfolios.
Ideal candidates will have exceptional research and writing skills, strong attention to
detail, display good judgement, be effective at time management, and be a motivated team
player. This individual will often interact with constituents and must have a friendly and
professional demeanor.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples in one PDF document to NJ08hiring@gmail.com with the following subject line:
“Full Name – Legislative Correspondent.”
This is a full-time position. This office offers benefits including competitive options for
health, dental, vision, and life insurance; retirement match; student loan repayment; and
transit/parking benefits. The base salary range for this position is $53,000-$56,000.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex (including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability. Applicants with disabilities who require
reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes are
encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
is $95,000 and will be commensurate with experience. Hawaii ties are highly desirable but
not required.

