Member and Committee Openings
Week of May 12, 2025
MEM-151-25
Communications Manager
Salary Range: 107,685.00 - 121,134.00
Closing Date: 5/21/2025
Job Summary:
The Office of the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) provides operations support services
and business solutions to the community of 10,000 House Members, Officers, and staff.
The CAO organization comprises more than 650 technical and administrative staff working
in a variety of areas, including information technology, finance, budget management,
human resources, payroll, childcare, food and vending, procurement, logistics and
administrative counsel.
This position is located in the Communications and Marketing Department, Immediate
Office, Office of the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO), U.S. House of Representatives
(House). The Communications and Marketing team brands, communicates, and markets
CAO services and resources to the House community. Communications and Marketing
works directly with the CAO’s business units and stakeholders to provide communications
support for CAO services provided to House offices, including the development and
execution of communications plans and marketing materials geared toward Member,
Committee, and Leadership offices. This position serves as the Communications Manager.
Key responsibilities include supervising the editorial team; working closely with the
Director of Communications and Marketing to create and execute high-priority
communication plans for specific projects and customers; working closely with the Design
Manager to ensure alignment between the communications team and the design team.
The position has day-to-day supervisory/managerial responsibilities.
Primary Duties/Responsibilities:
• Manages the communications team and monitor deadlines for all communications
projects. This includes but is not limited to copy-editing and strategic planning.

•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Coordinates with the Design Manager to ensure the communications and design
team members are aligned on projects, deadlines, and other important information
that could impact the deliverable(s).
Collaborates with leaders across the CAO to brand and market products and
services; serves as a partner with CAO business units as they plan, develop, and
implement new products and services for the House community.
Collaborates with the Director and Design Manager to identify opportunities for new
communications initiatives.
Oversees work request coordination; consistently tracks and monitors progress to
ensure activities are on target according to schedule and resources.
Collaborates with the communications specialists to provide consultative services
to CAO service providers regarding communications projects.
Develops, composes, and executes comprehensive communications plans for CAO
services and initiatives targeted at increasing awareness and usage by Members,
Committees, and Leadership.
Writes strategic internal communications materials to support the goals and
operations of the organization, including the CAO’s Semiannual Report.
Assigns work to subordinates based on priorities, di[iculty of assignments, and
capabilities of employees; provides technical oversight of work on a continuous
basis.
Tracks and utilizes analytics for CAO communications.
Develops performance plans and evaluates employee performance.
Performs other o[icial duties and special projects as assigned

QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor’s degree in Business, Communications, Advertising, Marketing; or
equivalent combination of education and experience.
• Minimum 7 years of experience in a marketing/communications role on Capitol Hill,
with an advertising agency, or within a marketing communications department.
• Experience with interactive marketing campaign management and tracking.
• Knowledge of marketing and branding strategies.
• Ability to develop surveys and collect data to drive communications decisions.
• Knowledge of quality assurance principles.
• Knowledge of and ability to use various automated systems and software programs,
including but not limited to Microsoft O[ice Suite (e.g., Word and PowerPoint),
Adobe products, and content management systems (e.g., Drupal).
• All employees within CAO are expected to demonstrate the following general
competencies: Accountability, Adaptability, Collaboration, Communication,
Customer Orientation, Knowledge of Relevant Policies, Procedures, and Processes,
Priority Management, and Problem Resolution.

*Continued employment is contingent upon satisfactorily completing a criminal history
records check (or other applicable security clearance) and a pre-employment drug-test
(pre-identified position only).
Apply here: https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/3731?c=house

MEM-150-25
Congressman Ryan Mackenzie (PA-07) is seeking to hire a Legislative Assistant
The Office of Congressman Ryan Mackenzie (PA-07) is hiring a Legislative Assistant to
manage the Congressman’s Committee on Education and Workforce assignment and
several other issues, including healthcare, tax, and small business. Responsibilities for
this role include advancing the Member’s priorities and monitoring key developments
within assigned legislative areas, drafting vote recommendations and preparing materials
for Committee activity, and conducting meetings with constituent groups and key
stakeholders. Qualified applicants will have a strong work ethic, strong interpersonal and
communication skills (both written and verbal), attention to detail, and the ability to handle
competing priorities in a fast-paced environment effectively. Prior experience with
Education or Labor policy is preferred but not required.
Interested applicant should submit their resumes to Julia.Hearthway@mail.house.gov.

MEM-149-25
Congressman Mark DeSaulnier (D-CA), member of the Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee, seeks an experienced legislative staffer to handle a diverse legislative
portfolio to include Transportation Committee work. Duties include identifying and
advancing policy proposals, committee hearing and mark-up preparation and staffing,
building relationships with district and federal stakeholders and advocacy organizations as
well as agency and congressional staff, briefing the Congressman and drafting legislative
memos, policy background, constituent correspondence, and other duties as assigned.
Title to be based on candidate’s experience.
Ideal candidate will be a strategic, detail-oriented thinker with experience formulating and
advancing legislation. Qualified candidates will exercise discretion and independent
judgement, have excellent organizational, research, writing, communication, and time
management skills, and a willingness to work in a team environment. Knowledge of
California is a plus. This is not an entry level position – prior legislative experience on
Capitol Hill and working knowledge of House processes and procedures is preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience. The office is an equal opportunity employer. All
qualified candidates are encouraged to apply, including women, people of color, and other

members of traditionally underrepresented communities. Qualified candidates should
send resume, cover letter, and references to DeSaulnierResumes@gmail.com.

MEM-148-25
The Office of Congressman Jamie Raskin (MD-08) seeks an excellent and inexhaustible
writer to join our team as a Legislative Correspondent. This is a full-time, in-person
position in the Washington, D.C. office.
The Legislative Correspondent will work closely with the legislative team on our office’s
busy constituent mail program, primarily by drafting accurate, lively, and timely responses
to constituent mail. Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting replies to
constituent letters, including any research necessary; proofreading mail; and other duties
as assigned.
The successful candidate must be a motivated team player with exceptional writing skills,
scrupulous attention to detail, strong organizational abilities, effective time management,
and a professional demeanor.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, military status, gender identity and expression, marital status, parental status,
or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law, in any of its
activities or operations.
Ties to Maryland’s Eighth District, previous Capitol Hill experience, published written
works, and facility with other languages are all a plus.
This position will report directly to the Legislative Director and work in close collaboration
with the Congressman, the Chief of Staff, the District Chief, the legislative team, and the
District Office team.
The deadline to apply is Friday, May 16 at 5pm. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling
basis.
To apply, please send an email to MD08.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Correspondent: Your Last Name” in the subject line and the following application
materials attached as one combined PDF:
• Cover letter (not to exceed one page)
• Resume
• Two writing samples (not to exceed one page each)

•

Two references (not to exceed one page) – for each reference, please include the
name, current title/o[ice, phone number, email, and a one-sentence description of
your relationship to the reference

MEM-147-25
Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib (MI-12) seeks a detail-oriented, experienced and wellorganized D.C. based Operations Manager/Scheduler. The Operations Manager will be
responsible for the management and coordination of the members’ schedule and overall
operations of the office and its functions.
Responsibilities for the position may include:
• Manages all D.C. and district-based scheduling requests, which includes
scheduling for Committee hearings, meetings with other Members, Senators, the
Administration, and community-based organizations and all district stakeholders,
coordinating as necessary with other congressional o[ices;
• Manages the collection and coordination of talking points and other prep
documents for the Congresswoman’s meetings, speaking engagements, and other
events for her daily binder and ensures it is updated with all appropriate materials;
• Supports the drafting of the Congresswoman’s correspondences, including follow
up and thank you letters for meeting attendees;
• Arranges travel for the Member and for sta[ traveling on o[icial business, both air
and ground travel;
• Manages o[ice equipment and ensures that all sta[ are equipped with supplies and
inventory is maintained and good working condition;
• Manages o[ice stationary and works with appropriate vendors for o[ice supply;
• Coordinates special projects for the Congresswoman in partnership with o[ice
sta[.
• Manages the administrative responsibilities of the Sta[ Assistant and other
employees conducting administrative tasks;
• Support sta[ assistant and communications team on commendation and greeting
requests as needed;
• Support Sta[ Assistant & District Director on management of internship program,
including making assignments and managing work projects;
• Works in partnership with District Director on scheduling all district-based events;
• Other responsibilities as assigned by the Congresswoman and the Chief of Sta[.
Qualifications:
• Candidates must be proactive, have strong attention to detail, and the ability to
multitask e[ectively in a fast-paced environment.
• Must be familiar with video conferencing platforms (ex. Zoom, Microsoft Teams,
Skype, etc.).
• Must have familiarity with scheduling platforms (ex. google calendar, outlook, etc.)

•
•

Must have great communication and organizational skills as well as strong writing
skills.
Previous hill experience strongly preferred.

This position will often require evening and weekend work, so a strong candidate will be
able to work a flexible schedule. Michigan ties are highly desirable, but not required.
Starting salary is $70,000.00 and will commensurate with experience. The Office is
unionized and offers robust, competitive benefits. To apply, please email
Rashida.Jobs@mail.house.gov (SUBJECT LINE: Operations, YOUR NAME) with a cover
letter, resume and 2-3 references.
Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+, and other members of other marginalized
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status. This position reports to the Chief of Staff and Member.

MEM-145-25
The Office of Congressman Himes seeks an exceptionally well-organized Scheduler or
Operations Director with strong oral and written communication and excellent
interpersonal skills.
Applicants must have the ability to multi-task, a positive attitude, and the ability to thrive in
a fast-paced environment. The ideal scheduler possesses a strong work ethic, excellent
attention to detail, the ability to work well with different teams and the ability to keep calm
under pressure.
Responsibilities include developing, coordinating and managing all aspects of the
Member’s daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and Connecticut, as well as tracking,
evaluating and responding to invitations and scheduling requests.
The scheduler also coordinates all travel for the Member and staff, files travel receipts and
works closely with the Member as required on other necessary tasks. This position works
closely with the rest of the senior staff team to ensure smooth daily schedules and
operations.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous scheduling experience required and 1-3 years
of prior work experience desired. Applicants who have worked in fast-paced operational
roles or have prior scheduling experience or in executive assistant positions are preferred.
Prior Capitol Hill experience, Connecticut ties, and good sense of humor are all plusses.
Salary and title commensurate with experience.

The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin, uniformed service,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to
CT04.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Scheduler/Operations.”

MEM-144-25
The Office of Congressman Josh Gottheimer seeks a Press Secretary in his Washington,
D.C. office. Applicants must have exceptional writing skills, attention to detail, and an
ability to manage competing demands and deadlines.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
1. Managing the Congressman’s digital media;
2. Creating and posting social media posts;
3. Producing graphics and editing photos and videos;
4. Drafting press releases, statements, and talking points;
5. Compiling daily press clips; and
6. Managing the Member’s website.
Candidates with New Jersey ties are preferred. This office is an equal-opportunity
employer. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To Apply: Interested candidates should apply by sending resume and cover letter
to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Press Secretary Application: Last Name” in the subject
line.”
This is not an entry-level position; at least 2-3 years of full-time, post-graduation
professional experience in press and digital communications or a related field is required
(internships do not count toward this requirement). Candidates should be aware that this
position will require frequent evening and occasional weekend work.

MEM-143-25
Title: Chief Clerk
First Line Supervisor: Deputy Staff Director
Second Line Supervisor: Staff Director

Duties/Responsibilities:
1. Timely notices of all committee events, including hearings, meetings, markups, and
round table discussions per House and Committee rules.
2. Prepares hearing room for all Committee hearings, meetings, markups, and round
tables, including preparation of materials for members, the court reporter, and
media.
3. Clerks all committee hearings, meetings, and markups
a. Records member attendance
b. Records votes on the electronic system
c. Runs monitors (currently with AMX remote)
d. Maintains HVAC gavel sheets (Majority only)
4. Manages committee repository in compliance with the House Rules, including:
a. Uploads legislation for markups
b. Uploads all hearing documents, including witness lists, testimony,
legislation, biographies, and truth in-testimony statements
5. Committee Transcripts – Orders transcripts from the Official Reporter and sends
them to members and witnesses for correction.
6. Track the transcript and printed hearing status of all hearings by maintaining the
chart in the printer’s folder.
7. Remains current on House Rules and rule changes relating to the clerk’s duties.
8. Maintains HVAC Committee Member lists for the Full Committee and
Subcommittees.
9. Maintains HVAC LA and Scheduler lists for the Subcommittees and Full Committee.
10. Maintains all email distribution email lists.
11. Provides a summary of all legislative action from all markups to the Committee
Digest (committee.digest@mail.house.gov).
12. Serves as liaison to the House Recording Studio for audio in Hearing Rooms and
AMX remote to run hearing room monitors.
13. Prepares all organizational materials or members at the start of a new Congress.
14. Archiving – Responsible for ensuring the Committee complies with all archiving
requirements, including:
a. Responsible for maintaining and organizing all legislation referred to the
Committee.
b. Responsible for maintaining and organizing all bills reported from
subcommittees and the full Committee.
c. Prepare all committee documents for depositing in the National Archives at
the end of each congressional year.
15. Creates and maintains an HVAC Clerks Handbook explaining the clerical duties and
procedures.
16. Provides front office support on phones and greeting visitors.
17. Supervises the Staff Assistant and operation of the front office.
18. Performs other duties as assigned

Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Excellent communication skills
Strong organizational skills
Attention to detail
Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills
Knowledge of the legislative process
Knowledge of House record-keeping requirements
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
Punctual

Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with
the interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, references, and three writing
samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Chief Clerk” in the subject line. No calls
or walk-ins, please.

MEM-142-25
Staff Director, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, House Committee on
Veterans’ Affairs
Core Responsibilities:

•

•
•

•

•

•

•

•
•

Serve as the principal advisor to the full Committee Chairman, subcommittee
Chairman, and Republican Members for issues under the jurisdiction of the
Subcommittee.
Provide in-depth policy analysis and political strategy for issues that fall under the
jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
Lead and supervise the implementation of the Subcommittee’s legislative initiatives
including the formulation, drafting, introduction, passage, negotiation, and
enactment of all legislation under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
Plan for and supervise the Subcommittee staff in the organization of, and
preparation for, hearings, to include but not limited to, the determination of the
agenda, briefing of witnesses and Members, and drafting remarks and questions for
the Chairman.
Conduct informational and oversight meetings with Administration officials,
including Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and other agencies, Veteran Service
Organizations, non-profit organizations, industry experts, and veterans on all issues
under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
Plan and supervise implementation of the Subcommittee’s oversight agenda of
issues within its jurisdiction, including sending requests for information, writing
oversight letters, conducting oversight visits, reviewing document productions,
cultivating sources of information, determining the veracity of information received,
and other oversight measures, as needed.
Build relationships with internal and external partners, including Veteran Service
Organizations, member offices, industry, and contacts within VA and other
government agencies to promote and enact the legislative and oversight agenda of
the Subcommittee, and that of the full Committee Chairman.
Represent and discuss the full Committee or Subcommittee Chairman’s views at
various conferences and speaking events.
Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Sta[
Director, or Deputy Sta[ Director; as needed.

Minimum Qualifications:
• Bachelor of Arts or Science
• This is not an entry level position.
• At least ﬁve to seven years of relevant policy or oversight experience. Experience on
Capitol Hill or knowledge of veteran policy is desired but other experience will be
considered.
Required Skills:
• Ability to lead and mentor Subcommittee sta[
• Team oriented
• Ability to establish working relationships
• Strong writing and editing skills
• Problem solving
• Strong verbal communication

•
•

Ability to work well under pressure
Attention to detail

Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
• Sick and Annual Leave
• Student Loan Repayment Program
• Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
• Thrift Savings Plan
• Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
• Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
• Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
• Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
• Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with
the interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, three professional
references to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Oversight and Investigations Staff
Director” in the subject line. In your cover letter please indicate what you believe are the
three most pressing challenges facing the Department of Veterans Affairs. No calls or
walk-ins, please.

MEM-141-25
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT
Congresswoman Nydia Velázquez (NY-07) is hiring an Executive Assistant for the
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include driving the member (must own a vehicle
and possess a valid driver’s license) and front office tasks such as answering phones,
greeting visitors, managing constituent mail program, maintaining both digital and paper
records and files, and other duties as assigned. Qualified applicants must possess
excellent written and oral communication skills, an ability to work collaboratively, strong
interpersonal skills, and remain flexible and calm under pressure.
Please submit a cover letter and resume to 1execasst@gmail.com with the subject line
“Executive Assistant Application 2025.” No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-140-25
Senior Legislative Assistant, Rep. Tony Gonzales (TX-23)
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to develop legislative initiatives relevant to the Member's position on the House
Appropriations Committee and the Committee on Homeland Security;
• to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House ﬂoor;
• to meet with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• at least 2 years of legislative experience in a full-time, legislative position
• prior Capitol Hill experience is strongly preferred;
• excellent oral and written communication skills;
• thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• ability to work well under pressure;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted
in subject line.

MEM-139-25
Press Assistant/Press Secretary, Rep. Tony Gonzales (TX-23)
The Office of Congressman Tony Gonzales seeks a Press Secretary or Press Assistant in
his Washington, D.C. office (title and pay commensurate with experience). Applicants
must have exceptional writing skills, attention to detail, and an ability to manage
competing demands and deadlines.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Managing the Congressman’s digital media.
• Coordinating the creation of print and digital advertisements;
• Creating and posting social media posts;
• Producing graphics and editing photos and videos;
• Drafting press releases and weekly newsletters;
• Compiling daily press clips; and
• Managing the Member’s website.

QUALIFICATIONS:
Candidates with Texas ties are preferred.
This is not an entry-level position; at least 1-2 years of full-time, post-graduation
professional experience in press and digital communications or a related field is required
(internships do not count toward this requirement).
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted
in subject line.

MEM-138-25
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE COUNSEL
U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
COMMITTEE ON ETHICS
Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for the position of Counsel in the Financial Disclosure office. The Committee’s
financial disclosure counsel is responsible for reviewing and certifying a large volume of
Financial Disclosure Reports, providing legal advice on financial disclosure related
matters, providing education and training to Members of Congress and their staff through
frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product. This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and
refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate sensitive matters that arise
before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable:
government ethics, ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment management,
taxation, corporate finance, and securities law. The salary range for this position is
$136,780 and $145,604 per annum. Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing
sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-135-25
DC-Based Scheduler and Office Manager
The Office of Representative Sharice Davids (KS-03) is seeking a DC- based
Scheduler/Office Manager to coordinate the Representative’s schedule and manage
overall operations in the DC office.

Candidates must have exceptional organizational skills, attention to detail, and an ability
to manage competing demands and deadlines. Candidates must handle conflicting
requests, anticipate the needs of the Member, and exercise sound and efficient judgment
when scheduling meetings, events, and travel. Candidate must have strong
communication skills. Capitol Hill or other relevant administrative, operations, or
scheduling experience is strongly preferred. Kansas ties are a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Maintaining and managing the Member’s daily and long-term DC and district schedule,
including coordinating with District staff.
• Responding to all incoming meeting and scheduling requests.
• Coordinating closely with appropriate legislative or communications staff to ensure
efficient delivery of the Member’s briefing materials.
• Coordinating travel and booking flight, train, and lodging reservations for the Member and
staff as needed
• Communicating key information and scheduling changes to the Member, staff, and
effected stakeholders in a timely and efficient manner
• Coordinating with Caucus, Leadership, and Committee staff to efficiently coordinate the
Member's schedule while the House is in session
• Provide operational support to the office, including time-off requests, office supply
needs, tech management, and other duties, to ensure staff is supported.
• Work closely with Chief of Staff and Financial Admin to ensure compliance with annual
budget.
• The position requires flexible, non-traditional working hours and availability by phone as
needed.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s Degree preferred. Capitol Hill or other relevant administrative, operations, or
scheduling experience is strongly preferred. Kansas ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and three references to
ks03.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Full Name – DC Office Scheduler".
Applications will be processed on a rolling basis.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,

disability, military status, marital or parental status. Women, people of color, and other
members of underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-134-25
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff (minority) seeks an
enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized Staff Assistant for fast-paced committee
office.
Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front office such as receptionist duties,
answering phones, greeting visitors, ensuring that office and meeting rooms are kept in
order, supporting staff in preparations for committee events such as hearings, markups,
meetings, and events, training and supervising interns, handling and sorting incoming mail,
maintaining both digital and paper records and files, maintaining office supplies and
mastering basic equipment operations, assisting other staff with research, work product,
web content, special projects, and other duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication skills,
attention to detail, professionalism, exceptional time management skills, and an ability to
work collaboratively.
Our office deeply values the diversity of our employees and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Hill experience preferred but not required.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, references, and a short writing sample to
ecdjobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant Application 2025.” No
phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-131-25
The Office of Congressman Jimmy Panetta (CA-19) seeks candidates for an open
Scheduler/Director of Operations position. Prior experience with scheduling for a
Member of Congress or scheduling for a political campaign is preferred, but scheduling for
a similar organization will be considered.
Ideal candidates possess attention to detail, ability to handle a fast-paced environment,
and strong communication and organizational skills. Responsibilities include maintaining
Member’s daily and long-term schedule in Washington, working with stakeholders to
balance the Member’s time, evaluating incoming meeting requests and invitations,
coordinating domestic and international travel arrangements, and performing other
administrative and operational duties.

This office is an equal opportunity employer. Please send a resume, cover letter, and
references in a single PDF document with “Scheduler/Director of Operations” as the
subject line to ca19.jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-130-25
Title: Inspector General
Office: Office of the Inspector General
Close Date: 05/14/25
Salary: $212,000 - $217,000
The Inspector General is accountable for the evaluation of internal controls and
organizational structures, as well as determining the extent and quality of conformance
with policies and procedures within the House. In collaboration with the Deputy Inspector
General, provides executive management to the Office of Inspector General and its major
areas of responsibility including the performance of Information Systems Audits,
Management Advisory Services, Performance Audits, Financial Audits, Investigations, and
internal OIG administration.
Essential Duties:
Directs the mission and functions of the Office of Inspector General, including the
supervision of approximately twenty-five (25) employees in executing the duties of the
Office, which include, but are not limited to:
1)Providing audit, investigative, and advisory services to the House and other legislative
branch entities in a manner consistent with government-wide standards including periodic
audits of the financial and administrative functions of the House and other legislative
branch entities.
2)Informing House Leadership and appropriate House Committees based as outline in
House Rules concerning the results of audits, investigations, and advisory services.
3)Coordinating, compiling, and presenting an annual work plan for the Office of the
Inspector General to the Committee on House Administration for approval.
How to Apply
1) ALL applicants must submit a resume and cover letter on or before the closing date that
presents their knowledge, experience, and education and meet the position's
requirements.
2) Submit your resume and cover letter via email to House.Apply@mail.house.gov ONLY.
Reference our vacancy announcement ID, " IG-25-04 IS-HGOV”, in the Subject Line of your
email.

The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status),
sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin. Transportation and all
related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant. Moving and related relocation expenses are not available. Employment with
the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. All qualified candidates are encouraged to
apply
MEM-122-25
The office of Representative Maxwell Frost (D-FL) is seeking a dynamic and creative
individual to join our communications team as a Creative Director. This is a fast-paced,
progressive environment with a forward-thinking principal who is not afraid to try new
things. This office prides itself on fostering a collaborative work environment where
creativity, teamwork, and an outside-the-box approach are highly valued. A passion for
digital strategy, visual storytelling, and innovative political communication is a must. This
is not an entry-level position.
The Creative Director will work closely with and report to the Communications Director to
help shape and execute the visual and digital strategy for the Representative’s publicfacing and internal initiatives, and offer strategic digital insight and assistance related to
the Member’s leadership role as part of the Democratic Policy and Communications
Committee. This role will manage the day-to-day operations of the office’s design work and
digital content, including but not limited to graphic design, social media assets, digital
video, website visuals, and email campaigns.
Key Responsibilities:
Digital Strategy & Creative Leadership -- Lead the development and execution of innovative
digital strategies to elevate the Representative’s presence on social media, websites,
email campaigns, and other digital platforms. Ensure that all creative work is aligned with
the office’s values and goals.
Graphic Design & Visual Communication -- Design high-quality graphics for digital and
print materials, including social media assets, infographics, posters, digital ads, and more,
all in line with the Member’s existing branding and style guide. Expertise in the Adobe
Creative Suite is required.
Content Creation & Coordination -- Collaborate with the Communications Director,
Legislative and District teams, and Member to create compelling multimedia content. This
includes coordinating the production of graphics, videos, and other creative content for
various platforms – from ideation to creation.

Media Buys & Metrics & Evaluation -- Make strategic suggestions for paid communications
campaigns on various digital platforms and assist in tracking the effectiveness of creative
strategies, using data and feedback to iterate and improve future content. Monitor the
performance of digital content across platforms, adjusting strategies as needed.
Artist & Influencer Relations -- Collaborate with the Communications Director help
maintain and establish relationships with artists and digital thought leaders and content
creators through strategic partnership opportunities aimed at advancing the Member’s
policy and legislative initiatives. Our office is uniquely plugged into local and national
music and creative arts issues so a passion for this is a plus.
Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

At least 2-3 years of experience in creative or digital strategy, with a focus on graphic
design and content creation.
Prior experience working in political campaigns, progressive causes, or government
o[ices is preferred.
Advanced proﬁciency in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign,
After E[ects, Premiere Pro) and other design tools.
Strong understanding of digital platforms and the role of design in social media,
online engagement, and web communication.
Experience with digital video production and editing.
Ability to juggle multiple projects and work under tight deadlines in a fast-paced,
team-oriented environment.
Strong attention to detail and a keen eye for visual storytelling and design.
Florida and Orlando ties are a plus.

Compensation:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Salary range is $70,000 -$90,000, commensurate with experience.
Health, dental, and vision beneﬁts.
Generous paid leave, including vacation, sick days, and parental leave.
Generous student loan repayment program.
Retirement plan options.
Opportunities for professional development and training.

To Apply:
Visit repfrost.us/CreativeDirector

