Internship Openings
Week of December 23, 2024
MEM-505-24
The O&ice of Congressman Robert Garcia (CA-42) is currently hiring for a Paid Part-Time
Press Intern position (asap - Spring 2025) to work in the Washington, D.C. o&ice. The Press
Intern works closely with the communications team.
Primary educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
Compiling daily news clips.
Drafting press releases and other written materials.
Copy editing written materials.
Maintaining press lists.
Clipping committee remarks and cable hits.
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have previous
experience in communications with attention to detail and deadlines.
All qualiﬁed applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are encouraged to
apply. The o&ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Interested applicants should send a one page resume, 1 sample press release, and 2
relevant sample tweets to sara.guerrero@mail.house.gov and emily.kassnermarks@mail.house.gov with “INTERN APP: Full Name” in the subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-496-24
Congressman French Hill (AR02) seeks interns to serve in his o&ices in Washington, D.C.,
and Arkansas.
Interns will work in a fast-paced o&ice, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the
legislative process and the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include (but are not

limited to) interacting with Arkansans and other visitors, conducting legislative research
and writing, drafting communications materials, and assisting Arkansans with matters
before the federal government.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events
and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist with daily o&ice tasks. Social media and
other communications experience are a plus. Successful interns will be self-starters, listen
to and take direction, and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team.
Standard internships take place as follows:
- Spring: January through May
- Summer: May through August
- Fall: September through November
Internships outside of this schedule may be o&ered on a case-by-case basis. Paid and
unpaid internships are available.
Interested individuals should send a resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov. For more information, please call (501) 324-5941 or
(202) 225-2506 and ask for the Intern Coordinator.

