Internship Openings
Week of May 18, 2026
MEM-156-26
Office Description:
The House Office of the Legislative Counsel provides legislative drafting services to the
committees and Members of the United States House of Representatives on a nonpartisan, impartial, and confidential basis. Our goal is to work with committees and
Members to understand their policy preferences in order to implement those preferences
through clear, concise, and legally effective legislative language.
Position Description:
The House Office of the Legislative Counsel (HOLC) is looking to hire up to five Summer
Associates to start in June of 2027. Appointments to all positions in HOLC are made
without regard to personal political affiliation and solely on the basis of fitness to perform
the work. The House Office of the Legislative Counsel (HOLC) is looking to hire up to five
Summer Associates to start in June of 2027. Appointments to all positions in HOLC are
made without regard to personal political affiliation and solely on the basis of fitness to
perform the work.
Summer Associates assists Attorneys at HOLC of the United States House of
Representatives, and its Committees and Members, in drafting legislation and performing
related legal functions on a nonpartisan basis. The legal issues encountered in furnishing
this assistance involve constitutional, statutory, and administrative law questions, as well
as questions in other fields of Federal law. A Summer Associate performs the following
duties:
• Drafts legislation and prepares bills according to statutory style and format
standards.
• Drafts bills and amendments at each stage of the legislative process, from
introduction through conference.
• Analyzes policy proposals, engages with clients, applies relevant legal principles
and court decisions, and conducts research as necessary to prepare effective
statutory language.

•
•

•
•

•
•

Advises clients regarding the legal effect and constitutionality of proposed
legislative measures in the context of existing laws and legislative procedure.
Attends sessions of a subcommittee and full committee of the House and of a
conference committee between the House and the Senate; may respond as
requested to questions from legislators and legislative staff; may assist members
by being present to provide drafting assistance to members on the House Floor.
May communicate with various stakeholders, at the request of the Member or
Committee, as necessary to draft legislation.
After gaining necessary experience in these duties and responsibilities, trains newly
hired attorneys, provide mentorship to team members, and may assume a
leadership role on teams.
On a volunteer basis, may assist with office management initiatives to promote the
effective operation of the office.
Performs related duties as assigned

The ideal candidate should have a desire to work in nonpartisan public service and a strong
academic background. The ideal candidate should actively and enthusiastically embrace
and promote the HOLC's work culture, develop effective working relationships with other
attorneys and employees, and strive to provide exceptional service to clients.
Ideal candidates will have knowledge of legal principles, applications, and practices of
law, as well as basic knowledge of fundamental subjects of law and legal research
procedures. Strong written and oral communication skills, and the ability to remain
impartial at all times with respect to the policies to be incorporated into a legislative
proposal are a must for this position. The ability to analyze complex problems and handle
difficult situations as they arise with judgment, tact, and discretion, as well as excellent
problem-solving skills, and a strong interest in learning within a high-performing
environment are all key characteristics of a successful Summer Associate.
Qualifications:
HOLC also has a summer associate program. The summer program is available to law
students only during the summer before their last year in an accredited law school and
may lead to an offer of full-time employment upon completion of law school, depending on
performance and the needs of HOLC. Summer Associates, working under close
supervision, are expected to perform similar duties to that of the full-time Attorneys, with
the understanding Summer Associates will work for a minimum of six weeks, and with the
assignment ending by the beginning of August.
All applicants must be United States Citizen.
To be considered for this exceptional career opportunity, submit your résumé, cover letter,
a legal writing sample of no more than 10 pages, a copy of your law school transcript, and

the names, telephone numbers, and email addresses of at least three references. Either
your cover letter or résumé should indicate your citizenship.
Within the cover letter, please directly answer the following questions:
1. What specifically interests you about this position and why would you like to work
with the House Office of the Legislative Counsel (HOLC)?
2. Have you held an internship, fellowship, or similar position (paid or unpaid) in a
partisan office? If so, did you seek out the placement, or were you placed there by
your school or sponsoring organization? Please provide any relevant details, as well
as your responsibilities.
Your résumé should reflect years and months of employment and/or relevant legal
experience.
How to Apply:
Interested and qualified candidates apply here by Friday, June 5th, for consideration.

MEM-141-26
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Democratic Staff is hiring for
a paid full-time Press Intern (Summer 2026) to work in the Committee's
Washington, D.C. office. The Press Intern works closely with the
communications team.
Primary educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily news clips.
• Assisting with graphic design.
• Drafting press releases and other written materials.
• Copy editing written materials.
• Maintaining press lists.
• Clipping committee remarks and cable hits.
• Media monitoring and researching.
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment,
demonstrate keen attention to detail, understand deadlines, and have prior
communications internship experience.
Interested applicants should send a one-page resume, one
sample press release, one sample graphic, and three relevant sample
tweets to ethan.cesar@mail.house.gov and
OversightPress@mail.house.gov with “PRESS INTERN APP: Full Name,
Spring 2026” in the subject line.

All qualified applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are
encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status,
age, marital status, or parental status.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-118-26
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks highly motivated,
organized, and dedicated interns to serve for the Fall of 2026 in the Representative’s
Washington, D.C. office.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and administrative
work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting responses to constituent
correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, performing legislative research, and
supporting staff members on various projects. Ideal candidates should be professional
and possess excellent communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a commitment
to public service and progressive values. All interns will be paid a one-time stipend of
$5,850 unless funded by an outside organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer. Women,
people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State
and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
The application period for Fall 2026 internships is now open and will close on June
30th at 11:59 PM ET.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample, three
references, and availability to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with the subject
“First Name.Last Name Internship Application.”
We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex,
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Diverse
applicants encouraged to apply.

