Member and Committee Openings
Week of August 11, 2025
MEM-271-25
Congressman Jamie Raskin (MD-08) seeks a Legislative Director to lead his personal
office’s legislative work and manage his legislative team. The Legislative Director will also
manage the constituent correspondence program and the correspondence team.
The Legislative Director will cover an issue portfolio that will include several of the
following policy areas: campaign finance, democracy reform, elections, federal workforce,
foreign policy, health care, international human rights, and labor.
This is a challenging full-time, in-person position in the Washington D.C. office that will
include evening and weekend work whenever the Congressional schedule requires.
Responsibilities will include:
• Working with the legislative team to formulate and execute a coordinated legislative
strategy for the Congressman that reﬂects the priorities of Maryland’s Eighth
District.
• Advancing the Congressman’s legislative priorities in their assigned issue portfolio.
• Monitoring action on the House Floor and providing the Congressman with
background information and recommendations for all ﬂoor votes.
• Managing and overseeing the constituent correspondence program. Please note
that reviewing, editing, and in some cases drafting constituent correspondence are
essential responsibilities of this position.
• Managing and mentoring all members of the legislative and correspondence teams.
• Supporting and coordinating with the communications team on policy-related
media and social media.
• Fostering collaboration and communication across teams, including by working
closely with colleagues in the District OSice and on the press and front oSice
teams.
• Preparing and staSing the Congressman for meetings with constituents, advocacy
groups, and others.
• Meeting with constituents and advocacy groups on the Congressman’s behalf.
Key qualifications:

•
•

•
•
•
•
•

At least four years of full-time work experience on Capitol Hill (required).
Subject-matter knowledge and expertise in at least one of the policy areas listed
above (campaign ﬁnance, democracy reform, elections, federal workforce, foreign
policy, health care, international human rights, and labor).
Commitment to creating a positive work environment and supporting team
members in advancing their professional growth and goals.
Excellent organizational skills, eSective prioritization and time management, and a
professional and discreet approach.
Willingness to be responsive to constituents’ varied concerns and perspectives.
Exceptional writing skills, attention to detail, and creativity.
Personnel management experience, experience with House ﬂoor procedure, and
ties to Maryland’s Eighth District are all highly valued and strongly preferred.

Candidates from diverse backgrounds and underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, military status, gender identity and expression, marital status, parental status,
or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law, in any of its
activities or operations.
The application deadline is Friday, August 15, 2025 at 5pm. To apply, please 1) fill out this
basic form: https://forms.office.com/g/1yNxZh0G4h and 2) send an email to
MD08.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director [YOUR NAME]” in the subject
line and the following application materials attached as one combined PDF:
• Cover letter (not to exceed one page)
• Résumé
• Two writing samples (not to exceed two pages each)

MEM-270-25
Congresswoman Janelle Bynum’s Office Seeking District Staff Assistant/Press Assistant
The Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum is seeking a District Staff Assistant/Press
Assistant. This position offers a unique opportunity to serve in a dual role furthering the
district office’s administrative and communication activities.
POSITION OVERVIEW:
The Staff Assistant/Press Assistant will maintain the district office to ensure a welcoming
environment for constituents and visitors – and work with the office's communications
team to manage media contacts, create content, and organize district events.
DUTIES:
• Greet and screen visitors at the district oSice based in Oregon City, Oregon;

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Handle incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness to capture
input from constituents on policy matters for consideration and response;
Draft memos, speeches, video scripts, newsletters, surveys, and social media
content;
StaS the Congresswoman for interviews at district events;
Assist with planning and executing district events, such as town halls and
roundtable meetings;
Develop and implement media and communication strategies for the Member;
Drive the Member to events and staS events as needed; and
Other duties as assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor’s degree or related job experience;
• A demonstrated interest in public service;
• Familiarity with the Oregon Congressional District 5 and knowledge of current
issues and events in which the Member is involved;
• Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
• Strong oral communication skills;
• Understanding of print and broadcast media; and
• Ability to work well under pressure and courteously with others.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by Monday,
August 18, 2025.
NOTICE:
• All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability,
age, or national origin.

MEM-269-25
Deputy Communications Director/Digital Director
Essential Job Function: As a member of our communications team and in collaboration
with the Congressman, Deputy Comms
Director/Digital Director will write and produce engaging digital content, monitor online
narratives and trends, and assist with traditional press inquiries and tasks. The individual
will also manage the Congressman’s social media platforms with oversight from the
Communications Director. This is a mid-level communications role within the office.

Deputy Comms Director /Digital Director’s role and responsibilities include, but are
not limited to:
1. Digital Strategy
• Develop and implement digital strategies to amplify the Representative's message
and engage constituents, including through emerging trends online.
• Manage social media accounts (Facebook, Instagram, X, YouTube, Bluesky, and
Threads) through content creation and community engagement.
• Create compelling digital content such as graphics, videos, and infographics to
communicate key messages.
2. Content Creation
• Collaborate with team members to develop multimedia content that effectively
communicates legislative priorities and initiatives.
• Ensure all content is accurate, consistent with the Representative's voice, and
aligns with brand guidelines.
• Required to have extensive knowledge and experience to create memes and create
AI videos from start to finish. Experience with video production, video editing, and
emerging AI tools, including through platforms like Canva, ChatGPT, and the Adobe
Suite.
3. Public Relations:
• Draft press releases, media advisories, op-eds, franked communications, and other
materials as needed.
• Coordinate interviews, press conferences, and media appearances for the
Representative in both the traditional and new media spaces.
• Monitor media coverage—including press and digital clips with support from a
press intern—and prepare regular reports for the team.
• Be comfortable making fun of our republican colleagues such as, James Comer
(this tells me you read the whole post).
4. Preferred Skill Sets:
• Experience working in a fast-paced government office or on political campaigns.
• Knowledge of data analytics and metrics to track the effectiveness of digital
campaigns.
• Experience managing crisis communications and responding to media inquiries
under tight deadlines.
• Demonstrated ability to think creatively and strategically to generate innovative
ideas for media outreach and digital engagement.
• Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to collaborate effectively with team
members and external stakeholders.
• Flexibility to work evenings and weekends as needed, especially during high-profile
events or legislative sessions.

Location: The role is based in Washington, D.C.
This office is an equal-opportunity employer. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.
Please submit resume, three references, a digital portfolio, and a cover page as one
PDF document to Moskowitz.resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-268-25
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a Field Representative &
Caseworker for her District Office in Long Beach, CA.
Candidate should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, have the
proper demeanor and a comfort in dealing directly with constituents to resolve challenging
requests, be highly organized, and have the ability to manage multiple tasks and
competing deadlines simultaneously.
This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities for this community-focused position include: answer and log incoming
phone calls, casework intake and work on casework through completion; identify event
and correspondence opportunities in assigned geographic and issue areas; staff the
Congresswoman and serve as staff representative for the Congresswoman at community
meetings and events; lead or assist with planning, organizing, and executing district
outreach efforts in assigned geographic and issue areas; identify issues related to federal
programs for possible legislation and|or letters; manage correspondence and
acknowledgements from the office; meet with constituent and community leaders and
develop relationships and networks in assigned geographic and issue areas; work with
community groups and organizations, local elected officials, and others in the
Congressional District to identify potential opportunities for federal funding; and serve as a
liaison with federal, state, and local agencies, and committees.
Knowledge of communities within California’s 44th District preferred.
A car and good driving record required (mileage reimbursement available)
Diverse candidates encouraged to apply.
Candidates must also be able to work a flexible schedule, including some nights and
weekends as required.
Pay: $60-$72,000 based on experience
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“CA44 Field Rep” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-267-25
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a District Staff Assistant for her
District Office in Long Beach, CA.
The District Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, helps to supervise the
district internship program, and responds to constituent requests for general information
and other inquiries. This position maintains the front office and assists district office staff
with various administrative duties while maintaining an external agenda that interacts
frequently with constituents. The position will also support the Office’s community
outreach and events with the Congresswoman when she is in the district.
Candidate should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong
interpersonal skills, have the proper demeanor and a comfort in dealing directly with
constituents to resolve challenging requests, highly organized, the ability to manage
multiple tasks and competing deadlines simultaneously, and able to work in a fast-paced
environment.
Knowledge of communities within California’s 44th District preferred.
A car and good driving record required (mileage reimbursement available)
Diverse candidates encouraged to apply.
Candidates must also be able to work a flexible schedule, including some nights and
weekends as required.
Pay: $50-53,000 based on experience
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“CA44 Staff Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-265-25

The Washington, D.C. Office of Rep. Frederica Wilson (D-FLA.), Member of the Committee
on Education and the Workforce and Transportation & Infrastructure Committees, is hiring
a Legislative Director. The Legislative Director works with the Member and other senior
staff to lead the development and implementation of her policy, legislative, and
appropriations strategy, managing a legislative team of 4-5 staff and fellows while also
covering a small individual portfolio of legislative issues.
Primary responsibilities for this role include:
• Developing and advancing the Member’s policy priorities through the legislative and
appropriations processes.
• Managing the operations of the legislative team and serving as a member of the
oSice’s senior leadership team.
• Developing memos, remarks, committee materials, and other brieﬁng materials for
the Member/oSice.
• Supporting the press team on policy-related communications.
• Working with the district team to support their work and address constituents’
policy concerns.
• Monitoring activity on the House Floor, the House Rules Committee and working
with the legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
• Building and maintaining positive and eSective relationships with district, D.C., and
national stakeholders and advocacy organizations.
• Overseeing the oSice’s constituent correspondence program; and
• Other duties and special projects as assigned.
This is not an entry-level role. Candidates should have deep expertise in policy, legislative
drafting and procedure, and congressional appropriations experience is a plus.
Miami/Florida ties are also a plus. Candidates with previous Education Committee or
Senate HELP experience are encouraged to apply. Essential skills include an expert-level
working knowledge of Congress; strong oral and written communication skills, including
rigorous editing and fact-checking; excellent attention to detail; the ability to execute on
multiple deadlines and tasks in a fast-paced environment; strong interpersonal and
relationship-building skills; the ability to make quick decisions when advising a principal; a
proven track record navigating complex constituent and political situations; and the
responsiveness and professional demeanor to represent the office well to a wide range of
communities.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status.
To apply, please email the Chief of Staff, Leon Buck at Leon.Buck@mail.house.gov,
“Legislative Director” in the subject line and the following application materials attached
as one combined PDF, applications will be considered on a rolling basis:

•
•
•
•

Résumé
Cover letter
2-3 professional references,
and a writing sample would be appreciated.

MEM-263-25
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Democratic staff seeks a counsel
or professional staff member to assist with the Committee’s oversight and investigations
work.
Exceptional writing and research skills, sound political judgment, the capacity to articulate
technical and policy issues clearly and concisely, and the ability to work closely and
collaboratively with other congressional offices and stakeholders are essential.
Responsibilities include preparing for and staffing hearings and briefings; drafting
statements, memos, letters and other materials; assisting with the Committee’s
investigative and oversight work, including preparing for and conducting transcribed
interviews and depositions; and serving as a resource for Democratic Members and staff
on matters within the Committee’s jurisdiction.
This position’s primary focus would include national security, homeland security, law
enforcement, immigration, and the military; reporting to the Full Committee, as well as the
Subcommittee on Military and Foreign Affairs, and the Subcommittee on Federal Law
Enforcement. Substantive work on policy, oversight, and investigations related to DHS and
DOD is preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill, Administration or legal experience,
and experience with investigations or oversight, is preferred. Candidates with a TS or
TS/SCI Security Clearance are preferred.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel/Professional Staff Member” in the subject line. Please attach your resume and
cover letter as one PDF with the file name using the following
format: “LastName.FirstName”. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The starting range for this position is $75,000 - $110,000, with the negotiated salary highly
commensurate with the level of educational and professional experience. The Oversight
Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, or national origin.

MEM-262-25
The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking a Scheduler based in the
Washington, DC office. Candidates must have exceptional organizational and
communications skills, be very detail oriented, and enjoy working in a fast-paced team
environment. The ideal candidate will have proven knowledge of the congressional work
setting, ability to balance competing demands, and possess sound political judgement. The
position requires a willingness to work non-traditional hours when required. Hybrid work
options are available during non-session weeks. Capitol Hill or other relevant
administrative, operations, or scheduling experience is strongly preferred. Southern
California ties are a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
·
·
·
·
·

·
·
·
·

Maintaining and managing the Member’s daily and long-term DC and national
schedule
Responding to all incoming meeting and scheduling requests
Coordinating travel and booking flight, train, and lodging reservations for the
Congresswoman
Communicating key information and scheduling changes to the Member,
staff, and effected stakeholders in a timely and efficient manner
Coordinating with other Member offices, Committee staff, leadership offices,
the White House, and Executive Departments and federal agencies on
scheduling requests and events
Coordinating with the District Director and district staff on scheduling indistrict events when appropriate
Compiling the Congresswoman’s daily briefing materials and coordinating
with legislative and press staff on materials needed for meetings and events
Assisting the Chief of Staff with office operations
Other duties as assigned

Salary will be commensurate with experience. (The range for this job is $60,000 - $74,000.)
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply for this position, email a PDF copy of your resume and three professional
references to CA38jobs@mail.house.gov with “DC Scheduler Position” in the subject line.

MEM-257-25
JOB POSTING: Staff Assistant/Driver

The office of Congressman Marc Veasey (TX-33) is seeking a Staff Assistant/Driver for his
Washington, DC Office.
The ideal candidate has strong driving skills, excellent professional judgement and
discretion, exceptional customer or constituent service skills, close attention to detail and
time management, excellent writing and communication skills, an aptitude for database
work, the ability to prioritize and follow through on multiple competing priorities in a fastpaced environment, and a strong commitment to public service. A valid U.S. driver’s
license, clean driving record, and access to a vehicle are required for the position. The
applicant should be aware that this position will sometimes require work outside of normal
hours of operation.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Driving the Member;
• Work closely with the Member’s scheduling team to ensure appointments are on
time;
• Managing the front oSice — including greeting and welcoming visitors;
• Answering DC phones and logging constituent comments/feedback;
• Coordinating tour and ﬂag requests;
• Completing oSice operation and administrative duties;
• Assisting with management of DC internship program;
• Managing oSice mail program, including overseeing IQ correspondence system and
ensuring constituents receive timely replies to mail;
• Assisting the DC staS with other work as assigned.
• Requirements include but are not limited to:
• Active driver’s license, a clean driving record, and personal vehicle
• ESective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
• Strong organizational skills, attention to detail, time management, and ability to
manage multiple priorities
• Professional demeanor and positive attitude
Texas ties are a plus but not necessary. All applicants should send an email, cover letter,
and writing sample to TX33Jobs@mail.house.gov. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status.

Digital Manager
Digital Manager
Closing Date: 8/5/2025
The Office of the Democratic Leader is seeking a dynamic and highly skilled Digital
Manager to join our communications team. The Digital Manager will be primarily

responsible for transforming the Leader’s on-camera content into compelling, high-impact
video, audio and visual content for online platforms. The ideal candidate has experience in
video editing and social media management, understands the digital media landscape and
thrives in a fast-paced environment.
Key Responsibilities:
• Lead real-time video clipping and captioning operation for the Office of the
Democratic Leader, bringing a keen eye to cutting press conferences, media
interviews, floor speeches, direct-to-camera content and more for distribution to
stakeholders and online audiences.
• Manage from start to finish the process for getting the Leader’s video content
distributed on platforms including Instagram, X (Twitter), YouTube, Facebook,
TikTok and others, tailoring each piece for optimal engagement.
• Lead collaborative content brainstorming and planning process on a daily, weekly
and monthly basis, in addition to spotting real-time opportunities for rapid response
and identifying relevant trends.
• Amplify content by identifying and engaging with aligned content
creators, influencers and key voices.
Monitor the work of House Democrats—including committee hearings, floor
activity, press conferences, media interviews and events—to identify and elevate
powerful moments.
• Collaborate closely with policy, press and digital colleagues to ensure content is
aligned with the Leader’s voice, goals and message strategy.
• Track and report engagement metrics across platforms, using data to inform
ongoing content planning.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Minimum 3 years of relevant experience in video, audio and visual content creation
for political, media or advocacy organizations.
• Expertise in editing software such as Adobe Premiere Pro, After Effects,
Veed, Photoshop and Illustrator (or equivalent tools).
• Deep understanding of social media platforms, audience behaviors and platformspecific best practices.
• Strong political acumen and familiarity with Democratic priorities and the legislative
process.
• Proven ability to move quickly, manage multiple projects under tight deadlines and
respond in real-time to breaking news and political developments.
• Excellent judgment, storytelling instincts and a collaborative approach.
Preferred Qualifications:
• Experience working in a congressional, campaign or political office.
• Familiarity with analytics tools to evaluate content performance.
• Comfortable working both independently and as part of a close-knit, highperforming team.

Salary:
Competitive and commensurate with experience.
How to Apply:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/19/home/requisition/3895?c=house

MEM-254-25
Staff Assistant – The district office of Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks a hardworking, organized individual to serve as a Staff Assistant & District Field
Representative. This position primarily entails constituent casework and community
outreach. Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials,
representing the Congressman at community and governmental events, special projects,
as well as general office work.
Candidates should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and must
enjoy working with the public. Prior experience in government, the non-profit sector,
community and grassroots organizing is preferred. This position is based in New Jersey.
Applicants must have a valid driver license. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter,
writing sample, and references by email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-249-25
Constituent Service Representative/Caseworker Vacancy
Office of U.S. Congressman Ed Case
Location: Honolulu, HI
U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a Constituent Services Representative
/ Caseworker for his district o ice located in downtown Honolulu.
This position also acts as a liaison to federal, district and local government agencies on
behalf of the Congressman on requests by constituents for assistance with individual
issues. The position requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask,
work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions, and solve problems,
orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and unpredictable
hours as necessary.
Preference given to Hawai‘i background/community involvement and prior related work
experience, and applicants are asked to detail these attributes.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short writing
samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Constituent Service Representative in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-248-25
Congressional District Director
Office of U.S. Congressman Ed Case
Location: Honolulu, HI
U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawaii- 01) is seeking a District Director for his Honolulu
district office.
This is a senior leadership position in the office. Duties include overseeing the
Representative’s constituent casework activities with federal, state and local agencies;
aligning the office’s strategies and plans with the Representative’s broader goals;
collaborating with Washington-based staff to ensure smooth communication and
coordination between the Honolulu and D.C. offices; facilitating he Representative’s
engagement in the district; and managing and leading the Honolulu office staff, which
includes planning, assigning and directing work to ensure high performance and efficiency
The position requires familiarity with Hawaii’s 1st Congressional District, initiative, strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and effectively under
pressure, a proven ability to manage staff, make decisions and solve problems, orientation
to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and the ability to manage long
and unpredictable hours.
Very strong preference given to (1) prior experience especially in comparable duties and (2)
Hawaii background/community involvement, and applicants are asked to detail these
attributes.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two references and two short writing samples
to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Honolulu District Director Vacancy” in the subject line.
Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-247-25
Staff Assistant Vacancy
Office of U.S. Congressman Ed Case
Location: Honolulu, HI
U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a Staff Assistant for his district office
located in downtown Honolulu.
The position is responsible for a wide variety of administrative duties and acts as a liaison
to federal, district and local government agencies and community organizations on behalf
of the Congressman on requests by constituents seeking assistance with individual/group
issues. The position requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask,

work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions, and solve problems,
orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and unpredictable
hours as necessary. Duties include but are not limited to greeting visitors and answering
constituent calls and requests for general information, tours and other inquiries.
Preference given to Hawai‘i background/community involvement and prior related work
experience, and applicants are asked to detail these attributes.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short writing
samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no
phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-246-25
The office of Congressman Pat Ryan seeks a Scheduler:
The role will work closely with the Chief of Staff to maintain the short- and long-term
schedules for the Member in DC and the Hudson Valley. Primary scheduling
responsibilities include exercising sharp judgment in granting scheduling requests,
responding to all meeting requests promptly and politely, and keeping events and
meetings within designated timeframes.
Duties include:
-Resourcing the Member with proper briefing materials, ensuring that the Member is
properly staffed for meetings and events,
-Serving as a liaison for the Member with the staff, public, Committees, and other
Members of Congress
-Assisting with event planning, coordinating and booking travel,
-Leading scheduling meetings and updating staff on the Member’s schedule,
-Additional duties as assigned by the Member or Chief of Staff
Overall goals include ensuring that the Member’s messaging and mission are reflected in
his schedule and itinerary. This position requires flexible hours, adaptability, ability to
skillfully and effectively communicate, and superior organizational skills.
The pay range for the position is $60,000 - $75,000 a year. This is not an entry-level
position. Ideal candidates will have previous experience working in operational roles on
Capitol Hill or on political campaigns. Preference given to candidates with Hudson Valley
or New York ties. This position is part of the senior staff team and reports to the Chief of
Staff.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual

orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send your resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF to
ny18resumes@mail.house.gov with the job title in the subject line and your full name (e.g.:
“Scheduling Role - First Last). Applicants will be evaluated on a rolling basis.

MEM-245-25
Speechwriter
The House Appropriations Committee Minority seeks an experienced Speechwriter.
Competitive candidates will possess the ability to write clearly, persuasively, and
concisely. Candidates should have the flexibility to work under tight deadlines and write
about a wide range of topics. In this position, creativity and collaboration are as vital as
attention to detail and capturing Ranking Member Rosa DeLauro’s voice.
The ideal candidate has extensive communications experience, with a preference for
candidates with knowledge of the Appropriations process. Responsibilities include, but
are not limited to:
-Managing the production of all oral statements and op-eds for the Ranking Member and
assisting other Members of the Committee.
-Collaborating with the Communications Director, committee staff, and the Ranking
Member’s personal office to produce robust speeches with approved messaging, as well
as well-sourced facts and figures, and moving stories.
-Writing statements, speeches, op-eds, talking points, messaging guidance, fact sheets,
newsletters, and social media copy.
-Executing other press responsibilities including compiling the morning clips, sending out
press releases in a timely manner, managing the press list, updating the website, and other
duties as assigned.
Beyond these duties, there is room for candidates to explore other interests including the
creation of graphics, videos, and other digital material. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three professional references, and two
relevant writing samples to AppropsDemJobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject
line: [Full Name] – Speechwriter

MEM-244-25
Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full-time Staff Assistant in her
Washington, DC office to start in the beginning of September 2025. This role provides a

unique entry level opportunity to work closely with a prominent Member of Congress. The
staff assistant reports to the scheduler and chief of staff, and responsibilities include
driving the Member, helping execute her daily schedule, providing logistical support for
events and meetings, managing the front office and the internship program, coordinating
tours and constituent requests, processing incoming phone calls, mail, and other
inquiries, providing operational, administrative, and technology support for the office and
staff, and performing other duties as assigned.
Applicants should be detail-oriented, proactive, calm under pressure, able to exercise
discretion, eager to work in a fast-paced office, and willing to work flexible—and
sometimes long—hours when the Member is in DC. Strong communication, logistical,
interpersonal, and organizational skills are essential. Applicants must have a valid driver’s
license, a clean driving record, and should be comfortable driving in DC. Access to a
personal car is preferred, although not required.
TO APPLY: please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (maximum of 1-2 pages),
and two reference contacts (name, title, email, phone, and relationship) in a single pdf file
to Daniel.Robillard@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant: Your name
(First/Last)” No calls or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer and
encourages all qualified candidates to apply. Connecticut ties are a plus.

MEM-243-25
Press Secretary|Digital Director - Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44)
Location: Washington, DC
Salary Range: $60-70,000 based on experience
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a Press Secretary /Digital Director
to join our communications team. The Press Secretary /Digital Director will work under the
office’s Communications Director to carry out the Congresswoman’s communications
and outreach strategy. Ideal candidates are motivated self-starters, detail-oriented, highly
organized, possess problem solving skills, thrive in a very fast-paced environment - and be
willing to work extended hours and oftentimes under tight time constraints. Interested
applicants are encouraged to apply by 15 August 2025.
Key Responsibilities
-Work with the Communications Director to build and maintain the Congresswoman’s
brand.
-Develop and manage digital content across platforms (Facebook, Instagram, X, Bluesky,
and YouTube). Support the office’s social media strategy by drafting social media posts
and producing video and graphic materials.
-Update and manage the official website.

-Monitor national and local media coverage, as well as social media trends.
-Clip and caption TV appearances, floor speeches, long and short form videos, and more.
-Draft and edit press releases, advisories, franked communications, and other
communications materials as assigned
-Help plan and execute press events, interviews, and digital outreach.
-Maintain press contact lists and support external communications efforts.
Qualifications
-Strong writing, editing, and strategic messaging skills
-Skilled in Canva, Adobe Suite, or similar platforms
-Media relations success and ability to assist with communications in a fast-paced
environment
-Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus
-Fluency in Spanish is a plus
-Must be a collaborative, high-energy team player committed to advancing the office’s
mission and responsive to emerging priorities.
TO APPLY: Send (1) Cover Letter, (2) Resume, (3) 2 writing samples of 500 words or less, (4)
digital/photographic portfolio, and (5) and three references - including name, title,
organization, contact details, and your relationship. Please send all materials to
CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov with “CA44 Press Secretary” in the Subject Line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-238-25
SUMMARY:
The office of Congresswoman Debbie Dingell seeks a Field Representative/Digital
Assistant for Michigan’s 6th Congressional District. This position will support the
Congresswoman in building and maintaining relationships with local elected officials and
community members in Ypsilanti and Western Wayne, keeping up to date on local issues
and projects and frequently staffing the Member while she’s in district. The position will
cover: Augusta Township, Belleville, Pittsfield Township, Superior Township, Van Buren
Township, York Township, Ypsilanti City, and Ypsilanti Township. This position will also
support the Congresswoman’s communications by creating district-wide content for the
office’s social media platforms, website, e-newsletter, and other digital properties.
REPORTS TO: District Director and Communications Director
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Acts as the representative for the Member within an area of responsibility including

meeting and communicating with constituents;
Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups to form
effective relationships for the Member;
Monitors and updates the Member and District Director on district and local issues by
reading local news outlets and completing regular check-in calls and meetings with
community leaders, businesses, organizations, and stakeholders;
Keeps an up-to-date calendar of community events occurring in assigned areas;
Plans meetings and events for the Member in their respective areas;
Tracks and reports on major projects happening in their areas;
Prepares weekly reports for the District Director on district activities in their assigned issue
areas;
Regularly staffs Member at community events, both in-person and virtually;
Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
Maintains a strong working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
Works quickly and accurately in a fact-paced environment under tight deadlines;
Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends as needed; and
Captures high-quality photo and video content from district events;
Manages live streams at events including roundtables and town halls;
Edits photos, videos, and other content for social media;
Coordinates closely with DC communications team to elevate the Congresswoman’s
messaging;
Performs other duties as assigned
QUALIFICATIONS:
Knowledge and pre-determined relationships with local community preferred;
Strong oral and written communication skills;
Thorough knowledge of legislative process;
Prior digital experience including photography, videography, and livestreaming is strongly
preferred;
Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved;
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Skill in organizing and prioritizing work tasks and activities;
Ability to work well under pressure; and
Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
TIME EXPECTATIONS & COMPENSATION
This position is full time and includes a competitive salary and benefits package including
health care and employer contributions to a retirement savings plan.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

Qualified candidates should submit their application materials including a resume, cover
letter, references, one writing sample, and digital samples or portfolio to
Dingell.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Field Representative/Digital Assistant” in the subject
line.

MEM-230-25
Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full time Outreach
Coordinator/Press Secretary (OC/PS), to be based in the New Haven office. plays a key
role in two critical areas: Community Outreach and District Media Relations. Reporting to
the District Director and Communications Director, the OC/PS keeps the Member and
senior staff informed on local issues, while serving as the lead on all district press
operations and outreach efforts. This includes engaging with constituents, maintaining
strong relationships with key community stakeholders, and organizing local media
events. The balance of work will shift depending on the Member’s schedule. The salary
range is $60-70,000.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume and two writing samples
to CT03jobs@gmail.com.

