Internship Openings
Week of March 02, 2026
MEM-059-26
Summer D.C. Internship with the Office of Congresswoman Bynum
The Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-05) is seeking full-time and part-time
interns to join our office in Washington DC. The preferred internship will run from May 2026
to mid-late August 2026. Seeking applicants who are motivated to learn more about the
legislative process, grow professionally, and engage thoughtfully with staff, constituents,
and other lawmakers.
DUTIES:
• Handle incoming correspondence with poise, professionalism, and promptness;
• Assist Member and key staff with logistical and administrative duties;
• Update the office’s legislative tracker and perform research on legislative
measures;
• Attend briefings and hearings, conduct research, and draft correspondence and
memoranda;
• Partner with communications team to create speeches, social media posts, and
talking points.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• College student in good academic standing;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and compassion;
• Problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and use good
judgement;
• Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please fill out the internship application on our website under the "Internships" tab.
Please select “Summer” to the question regarding “Desired Session.” Applicants are
encouraged to apply by March 13th, 2026.

NOTICE:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-058-26
Summer 2026 DC Internship
The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, Summer 2026 Interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office, assisting
legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams with drafting, and
other tasks as assigned.
Successful candidates work well under deadlines, are organized, hard-working, detailoriented, have excellent customer service skills, and are team players. Applicants with
Nevada ties are strongly preferred.Interns will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
To apply, please submit the following as one PDF
document to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Summer 2026 DC Intern - [Last Name],
[First Name]” in the subject line:
• Resume
• Cover Letter
• 2 Brief Writing Samples
Please submit your application by March 13, 2026 at 11:59 p.m. ET. No phone calls or
walk-ins please.

MEM-057-26
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs seeks a press/digital
intern for the Summer 2026 semester. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Compiling and distributing morning press clips,
Tracking media hits for Committee members,
Assisting with video shoots,
Assisting with creating messaging packets and digital toolkits for the caucus,
Writing first drafts of remarks, press releases, and video scripts,
Developing social media content,
Clipping floor and hearing remarks from members,

•
•

Providing administrative support, including answering calls and delivering
correspondence, and
Other tasks as assigned.

A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a willingness to
assist wherever needed is a must.
The ideal candidate will have strong oral and written communications skills, be detailoriented, have a familiarity with social media platforms, and have a desire to help veterans
and learn about the Committee and the legislative process.
The Committee strongly encourages veterans, minority, women, people with disabilities,
LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU and MSI students to apply.
This paid, full-time or part-time in-person position is based in Washington, D.C.
Please visit https://democrats-veterans.house.gov/opportunities for the application.
The deadline to apply is 5 pm ET on Friday, March 20, 2026. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis. Late applications will not be accepted.
MEM-056-26
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs seeks a legislative
intern for the Summer 2026 semester. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Conducting research,
Managing and responding to constituent correspondence,
Assisting with Committee events,
Attending briefings and hearings for staff,
Drafting memos,
Providing administrative support, including answering calls and delivering
correspondence, and
Other tasks as assigned.

A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a willingness to
assist wherever needed is a must.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be detailoriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the Committee and the
legislative process. The Committee strongly encourages veterans, minority, women,
people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU and MSI students to apply.
This paid, full-time or part-time, in-person position is based in Washington, D.C.

Please visit https://democrats-veterans.house.gov/opportunities for the application.
The deadline to apply is 5 pm ET on Friday, March 20, 2026. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis. Late applications will not be accepted.
MEM-055-26
The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs seeks a law clerk for
the Summer 2026 semester. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•

Conducting legislative and policy research,
Drafting memos, letters, and other written materials,
Attending briefings and hearings,
Assisting with Committee events, and
Completing other tasks as assigned.

Qualified candidates will be second- or third-year law students who have a demonstrated
interest in public service, Congress, or veterans policy. Candidates for this position must
have superior organizational skills, a strong work ethic, ability to pay close attention to
detail, as well as excellent research, writing, and analytical skills. Additionally, the ability
to excel in fast-paced environments and a willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
The Committee strongly encourages veterans, minorities, women, people with disabilities,
LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU and MSI students to apply.
This paid, full-time or part-time, in-person position is based in Washington, D.C.
Please visit https://democrats-veterans.house.gov/opportunities for the application.
The deadline to apply is 5 pm ET on Friday, March 20, 2026. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis. Late applications will not be accepted.

MEM-052-26
Internship Opportunity: Office of the Representative Joseph D. Morelle Rochester, NY
The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY, will be
accepting applications for an in-person internship during the Summer Semester 2026.
Applications will be accepted March 3rd – April 3rd, 2026.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Completing constituent calls
• Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations

•
•
•

Day-to-day office work
Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the D.C.
office
Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case work
or work on District-based projects of importance

Interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office, congressional
communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates should possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students and current graduate students. For more information on the
district internship please visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
To apply for the Spring 2026 District Office Internship, please fill out the google form
found here: https://forms.gle/bipy9tt71qn5uuN6A. Spring 2026 DO Internship
Application Google Form. Our office will be accepting applications on a rolling basis
until April 3rd at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit their application
early.

MEM-051-26
Washington, D.C.
In the Washington, D.C. office, internships run throughout the year based on the semester
calendar. Applicants must be based in Washington, D.C. for the duration of the internship.
Our internship program typically runs during these times:
• Spring: Mid-January to mid-May; application window opens in September
• Summer: Mid-May to mid-August; application window opens in February
• Fall: Early September to mid-December; application window opens in June

Ideal candidates should possess excellent written and verbal communications skills, a
strong attention to detail, the ability to succeed in a fast-paced work environment, and a
good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not required.
Washington, D.C. Internship Responsibilities
Interns in the Washington, D.C. office play an important role in the daily operations of the
office and gain firsthand experience in the legislative process.
Core Responsibilities (all interns)
All interns will be responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing other
inquiries
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting constituent
letters
• Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team
• Assisting with day-to-day office work and other duties as delegated by members of
the staff
• Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the Rochester
office
• Other administrative tasks as assigned
Additional Responsibilities (by focus area)
Each semester, interns have the opportunity to take on additional duties based on office
needs and individual interests. These may include responsibilities in Communications,
Scheduling, or Correspondence:
Communications Interns may:
• Compile daily press clips and monitor media coverage of issues relevant to the
Member
• Draft press releases, media advisories, and statements under staff guidance
• Assist with social media content creation and scheduling
• Help update the office website and other digital platforms
• Maintain press contact lists and track media inquiries
• Support logistics for press events and prepare briefing materials for interviews or
appearances
Scheduling Interns may:

•
•
•
•
•
•

Assist with processing and tracking incoming invitations to the Member
Confirm details and logistics for meetings, events, and travel
Help maintain the Member’s calendar and coordinate with district staff as needed
Prepare briefing materials for scheduled events or meetings
Support logistics for events, including visitor coordination and follow-up
Assist with schedule adjustments, conflicts, and communications

Correspondence Interns may:
• Track and organize inbound constituent correspondence
• Draft responses to constituent letters on legislative issues and policy questions
under staff supervision
• Research issues raised by constituents to inform responses
• Assist the Legislative Correspondent in preparing reports summarizing constituent
concerns and trends
Throughout the semester, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office. For more information about this internship, please
view this PDF.
Full-time paid internships run Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House
Calendar). Part-time internships are scheduled to accommodate students’ course
schedules, as well as the needs of the office. Part-time interns can expect to receive either
pay or academic credit. Interns must be a U.S. citizen and legally eligible to work for the
U.S. federal government.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Internships are intended for current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college graduates.
To apply for the Summer 2026 DC Internship, please fill out the google form found
here: Summer 2026 DC Internship Application Google Form. Our office will be
accepting applications on a rolling basis until March 13th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants
are encouraged to submit their application early

MEM-048-26
The office of Congressman Juan Ciscomani (AZ-06) is accepting applications for Summer
2026 paid internships in our Washington D.C. Office.

Ideal candidates are motivated, detail-oriented, and possess a strong work ethic, with the
ability to communicate effectively with constituents and staff. This internship offers a
valuable opportunity to gain hands-on experience in public service and constituent
relations while learning about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office.
Responsibilities may include:
• Answering phones and responding to constituent inquiries
• Greeting visitors and assisting with front office operations
• Leading guided tours of the U.S. Capitol
• Conducting legislative research and writing memos on policy and local issues for
the Member and staff
• Assisting with additional administrative and legislative tasks as needed
Qualifications:
• Strong written and verbal communication skills
• Willingness to learn and take initiative
• Professional demeanor and excellent attention to detail
• Ability to work both independently and collaboratively as part of a team
• Demonstrated interest in public service, government, or public policy
• Arizona residency or connection to the 6th Congressional District preferred
How to Apply: Interested applicants should submit a resume and brief cover letter
outlining their interest and availability to william.wang@mail.house.gov

MEM-047-26
LEGISLATIVE / FINANCIAL SERVICES FELLOW
Senior Republican Member of House Financial Services Committee Seeks Legislative
Fellow
A senior Republican member serving on the House Financial Services Committee is
seeking a fellow to assist the Legislative Team in covering the committee and research
portfolio. This is a paid opportunity. The person in this role will work on substantive
financial services issues like banking, crypto, housing, capital markets, fintech, insurance,
and monetary policy in the Member’s personal office. The fellow will also be asked to
assist the Legislative Director in research projects. The fellow will also be attending
hearings, monitoring legislation and regulations, assisting with official and constituent
correspondence, providing meeting materials, and more. The fellow should leave this role
with an in-depth understanding of how Capitol Hill operates, as well as the major policy
issues in financial services.

Ideal candidates must be excellent writers, able to work in a fast-paced environment, and
have good judgment. A background in finance, financial policy, and or Capitol Hill
experience is not required but strongly preferred, whether it is in the private sector,
government, or school.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Writing briefing materials for meetings with the Member
Preparing materials for hearings, markups, and the House floor
Conducting policy research
Taking notes at meetings, hearings, briefings, and other events you attend
Tracking legislation and official correspondence
Observing House proceedings
Drafting constituent correspondence

This is a paid opportunity. Interested candidates should send their resume
to Jackson.notes@mail.house.gov and joseph.arbie@mail.house.gov.

MEM-046-26
The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic interns for
the summer (June - August). Our interns work closely with Committee staff to prepare
materials for Committee meetings, conduct research projects, learn about the Rules of the
House and the various procedures for legislation to reach the House Floor, and complete a
variety of other administrative tasks. Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good
work ethic, an interest in learning about House floor procedures, and are detail-oriented.
Interns will gain experience in legislative analysis, political communications, and
institutional processes.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. Massachusetts ties are a plus. All
offers are conditional on completion of a federal criminal background check. The office is
an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter explaining why you
want to join the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to democratsrules.house.gov/about/internships. No calls or drop-ins, please. The deadline to
apply is March 15, 2026.
Note: Students on quarter systems or with unusual schedules are still encouraged to
apply—please detail your particular situation in your cover letter.

MEM-042-26
DIGITAL INTERNSHIP: The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is
accepting applications for Summer 2026 digital interns in our West Chester, Reading, and
Washington, D.C. offices. This internship will run from mid-May through August.
Our office offers part- and full-time internships for students who are in college or a similar
post-high school training program, or who have just graduated. We are dedicated to
fostering the continued success of our interns beyond their time with our office. Former
interns of ours have gone on to work in other offices across Capitol Hill, on state-wide
political campaigns, and in various profit and non-profit organizations. We offer needsbased stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our internship program has
returned to in-person work, and we are seeking press interns for our Reading, West
Chester, and Washington, D.C. offices.
Ideal intern applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have experience in a
fast-paced, deadline-oriented work environment. Digital interns will be responsible
for compiling and distributing press clips, helping develop digital content including
graphics and videos, and drafting copy for social media and press materials. Digital interns
will also have the opportunity to staff the Congresswoman to capture videos and photos of
events.
Successful interns in our office are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have
experience in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented work environment. Applicants must be
independent problem-solvers, have strong writing skills, and be comfortable
communicating to both internal and external audiences.
An ideal digital intern has technical experience with video editing software (Premiere,
Headliner) and/or graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign, Illustrator). Spanish language
skills are preferred but not required. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience, ties
to PA-06, and experience with photo editing programs (Photoshop, Lightroom) are all a
plus.
To apply, please send: 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and why
you’re interested in interning in our office, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one example of
digital work (video, graphic or photo) to PA06Press.Internships@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race,
religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family
status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are

selected for an interview. If you have any questions, please reach out to Nirmal Singletary
at nirmal.singletary@mail.house.gov.

MEM-040-26
LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP: The Office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is
accepting applications for Summer 2026 legislative interns in our West Chester, Reading,
and Washington, D.C. offices. This internship will run from mid-May through August.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer stipends to applicants, with
accommodations for Pell-eligible applicants. Our internship program has returned to inperson work with flexible telework options should interns need to work from home.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a passion for
community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing to spend a lot of time
on the phone and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting memos for
our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or meetings. We offer
interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the inside. Prior volunteer,
leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
Please submit applications through the “Legislative Internship” form our
website, Houlahan.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender,
LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-035-26
The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking interns for
the upcoming Summer 2026 term.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, drafting and
editing constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the
legislative staff, and otherwise providing support for the day-to-day activities of the office.
Interns are paid via a monthly stipend.

The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin,
age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing
samples to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should
indicate their availability on an hourly, daily, and monthly basis during the Summer
term.

MEM-032-26
Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks press and legislative interns for his Washington,
D.C., office for the Summer 2026 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students, graduate students,
and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of a Congressional office and the
legislative process. Interns should have a general understanding of the U.S. political
system, value open communication, be eager to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be an educational
experience. Internships are offered for either academic credit or a stipend. Internship
applicants must be high school graduates. Current students and recent graduates will be
given first priority for the internship program.
Legislative intern responsibilities include:
• Attending committee hearings and congressional briefings,
• Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
• Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.
Press intern responsibilities include:
• Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press Secretary in
drafting and editing social media content, digital graphics, and other digital
materials,
• Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
• Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks, as directed.

Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic familiarity with graphic
design and video editing. Submission of a sample graphic or similar communications work
with your application is strongly encouraged.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover letter,
resume, three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf file, with the file
name including internship class, year, last name, and first name (i.e.
Summer2026.Doe.Jane.pdf) to CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by March 15.
Please specify whether you are applying for the press internship or the legislative
internship. Applicants with strong ties to the 49th District are given preference.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-029-26
The Office of Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur (OH-09) is seeking motivated college
students, recent graduates, and graduate students for the Summer
2026 Internship Program in her Washington, D.C., office.
Intern responsibilities vary daily but typically include assisting with constituent services,
sorting mail, answering phones, conducting legislative research, attending hearings and
briefings, and providing general administrative support to staff.
The ideal candidate will have strong written and oral communication skills, an interest in
public service and the legislative process, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced
environment. Applicants should be organized, dependable, and eager to learn. Ties to Ohio
are strongly preferred but not required.
To Apply:
Interested candidates should submit a single PDF containing the following materials:
• A current résumé
• A one-page cover letter outlining your interest in the position
• A short written response (300–500 words) to the following prompt:
• What does public service mean to you? You may share a personal experience,
describe values you live by, or reflect on a moment that has shaped your
interest in public service.
Please send completed applications in a SINGLE PDF
to angela.maloney@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Spring
2026 Internship Application – [Your Name]

Application Deadline: March 2, 2026, at 12:00 pm EST
This internship offers a unique opportunity to gain firsthand experience in a congressional
office, develop professional skills, and contribute to the work of Congresswoman Kaptur
and her team.
The Office of Congresswoman Kaptur is an equal-opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status.

MEM-028-26
The Office of Congresswoman Sarah McBride (D-DE) seeks a paid and highly-motivated
Communications Intern for Summer 2026 (June-August) based in the Washington, D.C.
office.
The Communications Intern works closely with a collaborative and creative
Communications team to support a robust communications and digital strategy. The
Communications Intern will also support other general office operations as assigned.
Primary educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Creating timely, engaging, and creative social media content highlighting Member’s
legislative work, constituent advocacy wins, and community events;
• Producing high-quality graphics and videos via editing software;
• Drafting press releases, quotes, and other written materials;
• Maintaining internal clips lists;
• Compiling daily news clips;
• Media monitoring and researching; and
• Supporting the communications, legislative, and scheduling teams with other
duties as assigned, including:
o Answering phones;
o Researching legislation for staff; and
o Attend briefings and hearings.
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have keen attention
to detail, deadlines, and social media best practices and trends as well as previous
experience in communications and digital creation. Candidates should highlight any
experience in the following platforms in their application:
• Adobe Creative Suite, including Premiere Pro, Lightroom, and Photoshop
• Canva
• TVEyes
• Snapstream

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (2 pages maximum) and 2-3
graphic or video samples in a single PDF to press.mcbride@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Communications Intern Summer 2026 - Last Name.” Applications close
March 11, 2026.

MEM-007-26
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated Legislative Interns in her D.C.
office for Summer 2026.
Interns in our D.C. office will have the opportunity to witness the legislative process and
the inner workings of Capitol Hill first-hand. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
answering constituent phone calls, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the United States Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the
needs of the Congresswoman's staff. The internship will run from May through August,
from 9:00am—6:00pm when Congress is in session and from 9:00am—5:00pm when
Congress is not in session. This is a full-time internship.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills, prioritizes
professionalism, is a dedicated team player, and has a friendly persona. Ties to Nevada's
First District are a plus but not required. The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
How to Apply:
Interested applicants should use the link below to fill out the form and include a cover
letter, resume, and short (1-2 page) writing sample. Applications will be accepted
until Monday, March 2, 2026, on a rolling basis.
Application Form

