Member and Committee Openings
Week of February 23, 2026
MEM-050-26
Congresswoman Michelle Fischbach is seeking a motivated, detail-oriented
individual to serve as a full-time District Outreach Representative in her
Moorhead and Willmar Minnesota district offices. This position plays a key role
in community engagement and representing the Congresswoman throughout
Minnesota’s 7th Congressional District.
Primary Responsibilities
•
•
•
•
•
•

Build and maintain relationships with local leaders, stakeholders, and community
organizations
Represent the Congresswoman at meetings, events, and roundtables as assigned
Assist with planning and executing district events and outreach initiatives
Monitor local issues and provide timely updates to district and Washington, D.C. staff
Support constituent services and special projects as needed
Assist with general administrative and office operations

Qualifications
•
•
•
•
•
•

Strong written and verbal communication skills
Professional demeanor and strong organizational abilities
Ability to work independently and manage multiple priorities
Knowledge of or interest in public policy, agriculture, rural issues, or local government
preferred
Proficiency in Microsoft Office required
Residency in or strong connection to Minnesota’s 7th District preferred

Position Details
•
•
•

Full-time position based in the Moorhead or Willmar district offices
Some travel within the district required
Salary commensurate with experience
Page 1 of 2

How to Apply
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to
jack.vaughn@mail.house.gov. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Congresswoman Fischbach’s office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages all
qualified individuals to apply.

MEM-049-26
The Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) is a nonpartisan, bicameral committee of the
United States Congress. The Joint Committee is seeking an administrative professional
to provide support to all staff members within JCT. Administrative services include word
processing, document production, scheduling appointments, filing, and other general
office duties. Work includes access to information of a confidential and/or sensitive
nature.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
• Create, type, edit, and proofread general oTice correspondence and documents.
• Communicate frequently with Member and Committee StaT. Regularly
prepare and deliver electronic correspondence to Congress.
• Learn how to use JCT’s computerized document management system (DMS).
Initiate, proofread and track documents and/or requests as they move through
various editing stages.
• Create, maintain, and archive front oTice ﬁles.
• Answer telephones, screen callers, make appropriate referrals to JCT staT,
relay messages, and greet oTice visitors.
• Route press and constituent inquiries to the correct JCT staT.
• Organize and maintain conference room schedules and/or assist with
locating alternative meeting locations.
• Monitor oTice email and fax machine.
• Handle matters relating to the schedule of the Chief of StaT and Deputy Chief of
StaT.
• Schedule staT travel, track travel costs and work with appropriate staT to ensure
they are reimbursed in a timely manner.
• Scan and upload correspondence for internal and external use.
• Create, maintain, and archive front oTice ﬁles.
• File and update library resources and periodical services.
• Assist staT with furniture acquisition/removal/move requests as well as
other logistical requests.
• Process Congressional Budget OTice (CBO) data requests.
• Cover late night front oTice duties on a rotating basis and work overtime hours, as
needed.
• Maintain internal staT lists.
Page 2 of 2

•

Operate oTice equipment such as photocopier, fax machine, calculator, and
scanner.

GENERAL REQUIREMENTS
• Must type a minimum of 60 wpm with high accuracy.
• Knowledge of computer software including proﬁciency in the current
version of Microsoft OTice.
• Complete work accurately and timely under tight, shifting deadlines.
• Executive assistants are typically assigned to a particular oTice but must be
familiar with all oTice routines/requirements and may be asked to move or
rotate between oTice location.
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
• Work is performed subject to direction and supervision; however, the JCT staT
has a dynamic working environment. Initiative with respect to job
responsibilities is encouraged.
• Must be motivated, detail oriented and have a willingness to learn.
• Must be able to work in a team environment.
SUPERVISION
Position reports directly to the Administrative Director and does not involve supervising or
directing the work of others.
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Bachelor’s degree preferred. Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel,
PowerPoint, and Outlook) and experience working with various office software applications
required. Minimum of at least two years of administrative or equivalent experience is
necessary.
WORKING CONDITIONS
The work environment is characteristic of a normal office environment with moderate
noise levels. Ability to work at a small workstation without an expectation of privacy is
necessary.

Page 3 of 2

Applications will be reviewed beginning Tuesday, March 3. Please send cover
letter and resume to: Taylor.Rose@jct.gov
The above is intended to describe the general content of and requirements for the
performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of essential
functions, responsibilities, or requirements. Additional duties may be assigned. This
position description may be modified at any time.

MEM-041-26
Field & Constituent Services Assistant (Entry-Level)
Member Office Name / Job Title: Field & Constituent Services Assistant for North Texas
Congressman
Background
North Texas Congressman is seeking a motivated, entry-level Field & Constituent
Services Assistant to join the Greenville, TX office in a full-time capacity. This role is ideal
for candidates interested in public service, community engagement, and constituent
advocacy.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter by February 24, 2026.
Selected applicants will be contacted to begin the interview process.
Job Overview
The Field & Constituent Services Assistant supports the district office by assisting with
constituent casework, community outreach, and communications with local, state, and
federal partners. Ability to work on select weekends, a car, and travel within the
district are required.
Salary Level
Commensurate with Experience
Key Responsibilities
Constituent Services & Casework Support
• Assist with managing constituent casework by preparing correspondence, tracking
case progress, and maintaining organized records
• Serve as a point of contact for constituents seeking assistance, both in writing and
in person
• Coordinate with federal, state, and local agencies to support constituent inquiries
under staff guidance

Field & Community Engagement
• Attend community meetings, outreach events, and public engagements as a
representative of the Member when assigned
• Help build and maintain positive relationships with constituents, community
leaders, and local stakeholders
• Track local news and social media relevant to the district and share updates with
staff
Office & Team Support
• Communicate important local developments to the District Director and relevant
staff
• Organize workload to meet deadlines and manage multiple tasks efficiently
• Handle sensitive information with professionalism and confidentiality
Featured Skills
• Constituent Service Mindset: Demonstrates empathy, responsiveness, and a
desire to help others
• Communication Skills: Writes and speaks clearly, professionally, and courteously
• Interpersonal Skills: Builds positive relationships with individuals
• Attention to Detail: Maintains accurate records and follows procedures carefully
• Teamwork: Works well with others and contributes to a collaborative office
environment
• Adaptability: Willing to learn, adjust priorities, and take on new responsibilities
Preferred Qualifications
• Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education, internships, volunteer
work, or relevant experience
Applicant Instructions
Please submit a resume and cover letter by February 24, 2026 to
Michelle.Bishop@mail.house.gov
Notice
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-039-26
Moderate House Democrat - Legislative Director
Moderate House Democrat seeks qualified candidates for the position of Legislative
Director for their Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include:
• Leading the development and implementation of the Member’s short-term and
long-term legislative priorities with the Member and Chief of Staff.

•
•
•
•

•
•

Monitoring and managing activity on the House Floor, and working with the
legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
Managing the legislative team and tracking a high volume of legislative projects to
ensure their timely completion.
Developing and reviewing memos, remarks, committee materials, and other
briefing materials for the Member on relevant topics.
Proactively monitor news and developments related to the Member’s policy
priorities in order to keep them informed and proactively propose additional
actions.
Working closely with the Chief of Staff and the communications team on effectively
messaging legislative initiatives and preparing the Member for media appearances.
Managing a portfolio of high level legislative projects, including assisting and
advising the Member in their work in high profile negotiations.

Ideal candidates will have:
• A Bachelor’s degree or related job experience.
• 3-5 years of legislative experience in a Congressional office or legislative
environment
• Knowledge of the legislative process and procedures.
• Excellent attention to detail and exceptionally strong organizational skills.
• Sound judgment and the ability to anticipate and apply the Member’s perspective
when working on policy issues.
• Strong communication skills.
• Capacity to communicate with a wide variety of personalities in a tactful,
courteous, and professional manner.
• Willingness to accept direction and guidance on performance and process
improvements from the Member and the Chief of Staff.
• The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
• The ability to work flexible hours including long hours, nights, and weekends.
• The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions.
This position reports to the Chief of Staff.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military
status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable
accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to
request an accommodation at any time during those processes.

Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with “LD Last Name” as the subject line to Jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-037-26
The Office of Congressman Mike Quigley (IL-05) seeks a Legislative Assistant to manage a
broad portfolio of issues, including transportation, trade, small business, tax, financial
services, permitting, and telecommunications policy. This position will have primary
responsibility for transportation policy related to Congressman Quigley’s role as a senior
member of the Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development Appropriations
Subcommittee.
This is a full-time, in-person position in the Washington, DC office.
A strong candidate will have Chicago ties, including experience in Chicago related to
transportation and/or economic policy. The ideal candidate will be able to maintain strong
relationships with stakeholders, manage both short- and long-term projects, bring bold
policy ideas, think creatively to achieve policy objectives, and be excited to work for an
active Member and team.
Any member of Congressman Quigley’s team should possess the following
characteristics:
• Willingness to work ﬂexible hours; this is not always a 9-to-5 position.
• Growth mindset, openness to feedback, and desire to grow with the team.
• Hustle, grit, and perseverance.
• Ability to think critically and make sound decisions.
• Creativity and solution-oriented approach to delivering results.
• Excellent oral and written communication skills and strong organizational abilities.
• Proven relationship-management and project-management experience.
• Great sense of humor, ability to laugh at dad jokes.
This is not an entry-level position. Salary range is $70k - $80k, commensurate with
experience.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, military status, gender identity and expression, marital status, or sexual
orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
The deadline for applications is Monday, February 23, at 5pm. To apply, qualified
candidates should submit a cover letter (.pdf), resume (.pdf), and writing sample (.pdf) to
Charlie Chamness (charles.chamness@mail.house.gov), Cc Liza Lynch

(liza.lynch@mail.house.gov) with “Legislative Assistant — (Name)” in the subject line. No
phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-036-26
Congressman David Scott (GA-13), senior member of the House Financial Services
Committee and House Agriculture Committee, seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent to join his Washington, D.C. office.
Core responsibilities include:
• Handling incoming calls and capturing constituent requests
• Executing the Member’s constituent correspondence program by drafting/editing letters
and ensuring all constituents receive responses in a timely manner
• Consults with the Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants to ensure the Member's
library of legislative letters are accurate, up to date, and reflective of the Member's policy
position
• Working closely with the Member’s Director of Operations to ensure timely arrival of all
appointments, including by driving the Member
• Managing the front office, including by signing for deliveries, performing administrative
duties, greeting constituents and visitors to provide a welcoming environment, and more
• Assists with constituent flag requests, tours of the Capitol, and arranging visits to other
national landmarks to assist with constituent relations
• Overseeing and managing the intern program, including their schedule and training
• Providing relevant information to constituents to fulfill their requests
• Purchasing supplies for the office from the House Office Supply store to maintain office
equipment
• Other tasks as assigned
Qualifications:
• Applicants must own a car as they will drive the Member
• Bachelor’s degree or equivalent education and experience preferred
• Prior constituent services and management experience preferred
• Ties to GA-13 or Georgia preferred, but not required
Interested candidates should e-mail a cover letter, resumé, and one writing sample to
Georgia13Resumes@gmail.com with the subject line, “Last Name, First Name, SA/LC”.
The deadline for applying is Wednesday, February 18th, COB.
Salary range is commensurate with experience and includes health insurance, student
loan repayment, and other benefits.
The Office of Congressman David Scott is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not
discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy
and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status,

disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation,
parental status, or military service. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.

MEM-031-26
The Office of Congressman Ted W. Lieu (CA-36) seeks a creative and experienced Digital
Manager/Press Secretary based in the Washington DC office. This role will support
Congressman Lieu’s efforts as the Representative for California’s 36th Congressional
District and Vice Chair of the House Democratic Caucus. This is not an entry-level
position.
The ideal candidate has worked in communications for two or more years. Experience in
graphic design, photography/videography, and social media management is desired. Some
of the daily tasks that the Digital Manager/Press Secretary will be responsible for are
overseeing the office’s social media, creating digital content, photographing events, and
drafting and sending press releases.
The Office is looking for a candidate who possesses sound judgement, curiosity about new
and emerging media trends, a good sense of humor, and a keen attention to detail. The
Office is fast-paced and collaborative, and someone who can be proactive while balancing
multiple projects will thrive. This position requires some non-traditional work hours and
reports to the Deputy Chief of Staff.
Salary range is $60,000-$70,000 commensurate with experience. Competitive federal
benefits package.
Candidates should submit the following to lieu.staff@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Digital Manager/Press Secretary”:
• Cover letter
• Resume
• Three references (name, title, phone number, email and relationship)
• One professional writing sample
• Graphics, videos, or photos you’ve produced in a professional capacity
• Social media copy you’ve drafted in a professional capacity
No calls or drop-ins please. The Office of Congressman Lieu is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate against candidates on the basis of race, ethnicity,
religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, or veteran
status.

MEM-027-26
Title: Press Secretary
Position Type: Full-time
Location: Garden City, NY
Salary: $65,000 - $75,000 annually

Summary: The Office of Congresswoman Laura Gillen (NY-04) is seeking a Press
Secretary to be based in the district on Long Island. The ideal candidate has excellent
writing, editing, and photography skills as well as experience building press relationships.
They will assist the Communications Director in drafting releases, talking points, event
remarks, and quotes, staffing the Member at district-based press events, and help craft
digital content. Strong proofreading and copyediting skills are a must.
The role requires the ability to operate efficiently under tight deadlines, occasionally work
outside of traditional business hours, juggle multiple priorities, and work closely with
colleagues across the D.C. and district offices. The Press Secretary will assist in
maintaining relationships with in- state press and will report to the Communications
Director.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of experience
working with various digital platforms, working with reporters, writing, and managing social
media accounts for a political candidate or elected official. Candidates should be detailoriented and highly motivated to serve in a fast-paced environment. Ties to the district and
Spanish fluency are a plus.
Key responsibilities include:
• Collaborate closely with the Congresswoman, Communications Director, and staT
to craft cohesive and engaging messaging in local press and across digital
platforms;
• Draft and edit press releases, media advisories, statements, remarks, and daily
press clips;
• Support the Communications Director in responding to local and national media
inquiries;
• Help identify and cultivate relationships with local reporters and content creators in
the district;
• Staff and manage reporter interactions with the Member at district-based press
events;
• Manage recording and photography at district-based press events;
• Work with the District Office and DC-based Press Assistant to craft content and
publicize constituent services;
• Edit and maintain the Member’s website to include relevant updates, press
releases, news, photos, and more;
• Lead the creation of the weekly newsletter to highlight the Congresswoman’s
official work.
The salary range for this position is $65,000-$75,000, depending on experience, with full
benefits including up to $833/month in student loan repayments; health, dental, and vision
insurance; and both defined-benefit and defined-contribution retirement plans.

TO APPLY: Please email a brief cover letter, resume, and two writing samples in a single
PDF to NY04Press@mail.house.gov with “Press Secretary – [Your Name]” in the subject
line. Applicants may also provide one example of their digital design work and/or
photography (this is optional). Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-026-26
The office of Congresswoman Laura Gillen is looking for a dedicated and organized
individual to join her team as a Caseworker/Community Liaison. This position requires
bilingual proficiency in Spanish. The ideal candidate will act as a key point of contact for
constituents, serving as a liaison between the office and intergovernmental agencies.
Responsibilities include addressing constituent concerns, responding to casework
correspondence, and facilitating timely resolutions to issues. Additionally, the
Caseworker/Community Liaison will lead community engagement efforts and may
represent the office at various community events. This position will be based in the District
Office.
Title: Caseworker/Community Liaison *Bilingual Spanish *
Position Type: Full-time
Location: Garden City, NY
Salary: $55,000/ year
JOB DUTIES:
• Serves as the primary point of contact for constituents seeking assistance with
federal issues by navigating intergovernmental pathways.
• Respond to casework correspondence (letters, emails) and manage constituent
calls and inquiries.
• Work closely with government entities to facilitate the resolution of constituent and
community issues.
• Manage and maintain accurate and detailed casework records to ensure efficient
follow-up and reporting.
• Act as a representative of the office at community events. The Community Liaison is
responsible for serving as the primary contact for organizations in the community.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Ability to communicate clearly and interact professionally and empathetically with
constituents and agencies.
• High attention to detail with the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
• Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced office environment.
• Experience in public service, customer service, or constituent relations is a plus.
TO APPLY: Please email your resume to Sarah McCarthy, District Director at
sarah.mccarthy@mail.house.gov

The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer.

