Internship Openings
Week of April 28, 2025
MEM-120-25
The Office of Congressman Robert Garcia (CA-42) is hiring for a Paid Part-Time Press
Intern position as soon as possible to work in the Washington, D.C. office. The Press Intern
works closely with the communications team. Base salary is $18/h. Tues-Thurs in person
9:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. and Mon & Fri remote 9:00 a.m. - 1:30 p.m. Flexible for the right
candidate.
Primary educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily news clips.
• Drafting press releases and other written materials.
• Copy editing written materials.
• Maintaining press lists.
• Clipping committee remarks and cable hits.
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have previous
intern experience in communication with attention to deadlines.
All qualified applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are encouraged to
apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Interested
applicants should send a one page resume, 1 sample press release, and 3 relevant sample
tweets to sara.guerrero@mail.house.gov, emily.kassner-marks@mail.house.gov,
and ethan.cesar@mail.house.gov with “INTERN APP: Full Name, Spring 2025” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-110-25
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democrats seek
two motivated and reliable students to fill two full-time Digital Media and Traditional

Press Intern positions this Summer. The intern responsibilities include, but are not limited
to, written content creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess familiarity with
programs such as Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well
as compiling and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn are a must. This position is an integral part
of the Communications Team and reports to the Communications Director. Candidates
with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply,
please send a resume, cover letter, and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

