Member and Committee Openings
Week of March 3, 2025
MEM-086-25
The O&ice of Rep. Latta is seeking a sta$ assistant for the Washington, D.C. o&ice.
Responsibilities include sta&ing and overseeing the front o&ice, answering phones and
sorting incoming mail, greeting constituents and visitors, handling tour and ﬂag requests,
managing the internship program, and providing general o&ice support. In addition,
candidates should have excellent attention to detail and strong writing skills as the role
may include drafting constituent letters and assisting legislative sta& with various projects.
The ideal candidate will be able to multi-task e&iciently, be able to work in a fast-paced
environment, and have strong organizational and communication skills. Ties to Ohio are
preferred and preference will be given to candidates who have a car and are able to drive to
assist in responsibilities driving the member.
Please send resumes to Andrew.Henthorn@mail.house.gov.

MEM-082-25
Field Representative
O&ice of Congressman Greg Steube (FL-17)
Location: Sarasota, Florida
Salary Range: $55,000 - $75,000 (commensurate with experience)
SUMMARY:
The Field Representative serves as a liaison between Congressman Steube and
constituents, including municipal, county, state, and federal entities, non-proﬁts, and
businesses. This role represents the Congressman at community events, facilitates
casework, and monitors district issues. The ideal candidate should have a strong
understanding of congressional operations and established ties to Southwest Florida.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES:

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Represent the Congressman at community events and meetings in Florida’s 17th
District, serving as the primary point of contact for local governments,
organizations, and stakeholders.
Act as a liaison between constituents and the DC o&ice to facilitate federal policy
needs, funding opportunities, and legislative solutions.
Manage constituent casework, monitor district issues, and support policy
discussions to ensure local concerns are e&ectively communicated and addressed
at the federal level.
Assist with core district o&ice projects, including Service Academy Nominations
and the Congressional App Challenge.
Occasionally answer o&ice phones and oversee junior sta& and interns.
Maintain and update records using the o&ice’s constituent relationship
management system (IQ).
Work ﬂexible hours, including nights and weekends.
Perform other duties as assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS:
• Education: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution.
• Experience: Minimum of 2 years, with strong academic credentials.
• Skills & Knowledge:
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Understanding of the legislative process and government agencies.
• Knowledge of district issues and events.
• Ability to manage multiple priorities and work under pressure.
• Proﬁciency in o&ice software and database management.
• Strong organizational skills and ability to exercise discretion in casework.
Please send resumes to ﬂoridarepublicanjobs@gmail.com

MEM-081-25
House GOP Appropriator Seeks Legislative Assistant
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to develop legislative initiatives related to a national security portfolio, including
cybersecurity, foreign a&airs, and armed services.
• to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House ﬂoor;
• to meet with constituents and advocacy groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• at least 1 year of legislative experience in a full-time, paid position or legislative
fellowship

•
•
•
•
•
•

excellent oral and written communication skills;
thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
ability to work well under pressure;
thoroughness and careful attention to detail

To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted in
subject line.

MEM-080-25
Texas House Member Seeks Legislative Correspondent
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to manage a robust constituent correspondence and outreach program;
QUALIFICATIONS:
• prior Capitol Hill experience, either in a full-time capacity or through an internship
• excellent writing skills and attention to detail;
• familiarity with Indigov or a similar CRM software;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• ability to work well under pressure
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with position noted in
subject line.

MEM-076-25
Congressman Mike Flood (NE-01) seeks a Special Assistant for his Washington, D.C.
Office.
The primary responsibility of the Special Assistant is to transport the Member and other
staff members to meetings and appointments as necessary, deliver and pickup materials
for the office, staff the Member at various meetings, plan for and cater to various
constituents and VIPs in DC, and serve as a personal aide to the Member when he is in
Washington, DC. When the Member is in the district, the Special Assistant will assist the
Operations Team with special projects and other misc. tasks. Typical responsibilities may
include, but are not limited to:
•

Driving the Member and other sta& members as required for their o&icial duties,
sometimes before or after typical business hours.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Driving the Member to and from the airport, sometimes before or after typical
business hours.
Deliver and pickup materials for the o&ice, including letters, packages, and
documents from other government agencies.
Working with the Operations Director to be aware of the Member’s schedule in order
to prepare the Member for his events/meetings.
Running errands and assisting the Operations Team with supplies and other misc.
administrative matters.
Assisting in sorting and delivering mail.
Sta&ing the Member at various meetings and events.
Catering to constituents and VIPs who happen to be in Washington, DC.
Serving as a personal aide to the Member, tending to various needs as they arise
while he is in Washington, DC.

The requirements for this position are:
•
•
•
•
•

•

•
•
•
•

Located in Washington, DC.
Regular, predictable and punctual attendance at assigned locations required for
performance of duties.
Ability to communicate e&ectively with the Member and o&ice sta&, Members and
representatives from other o&ices, outside organizations, and others.
Ability to work outside of traditional business hours as the Member’s schedule
dictates.
Ability to handle di&icult and sometimes tense interactions with members of the
public, including constituents, with tact while also prioritizing the well-being of the
Member.
Work is public-facing and requires frequent interaction with members of the public,
including constituents, in a courteous and tactful manner. Work requires extended
and unscheduled hours as dictated by the Member’s schedule and o&ice needs.
Must possess a valid driver’s license and have a good driving record. A personal
vehicle used to drive the Member is not necessarily required.
Regularly lifts and moves luggage, books, ﬁles, documents, and other o&ice
materials.
Must be able to prioritize and perform duties under pressure in a fast-paced
environment.
Regularly use typical o&ice equipment, software programs, and methods of
communication, including, for example, a computer, email, telephone, smartphone,
photocopier, fax machine, etc.

Nebraska ties are preferred but not required for application. Interested applicants may
submit their resume and cover letter to FloodHiring@mail.house.gov.

MEM-074-25

Press/Digital Assistant—Congressman Jonathan L. Jackson seeks a full-time
Press/Digital Assistant to work in his Washington, D.C. office. This position reports to the
Communications Director.
Responsibilities:
• Create and manage content for the Member’s social media platforms, including copy,
graphics, and videos
• Assist with drafting and circulating the Member’s newsletter, press releases, statements,
talking points, and speeches
• Work with the Communications Director to develop content and graphics for franked
communications
• Monitor news outlets and social media and compile press clips that mention the Member
• Maintain Chicago and D.C. press lists
• Handle photography and videography at D.C.-based events
• Assist with updating the website
Qualifications:
• Heart for public service and helping others
• Exceptional attention to detail
• Strong writing and creative skills
• Experience in graphic design and video editing
• An ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a friendly and
professional manner
• Chicago ties and experience in competitive districts are preferred but not required.
• Experience in Congressional offices of political campaigns preferred but not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer. Please submit a resume and brief cover letter
to Robert.patillo@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME - Press/Digital Assistant Application”
in the subject line. Please do not call or drop by the office.

MEM-072-25
Press Assistant - The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking a Press
Assistant to help execute the congressman’s communications strategy and plan.
Primary responsibilities include: drafting press releases and talking points, writing email
newsletters for targeted constituent coalitions, promoting the congressman’s district
events and engagements, maintaining the communications content calendar, overseeing
website management and updates, branding through graphic design and video/audio
editing, managing social media accounts and analyzing their performance metrics, and
maintaining the congressman’s photo and video database. They will work with the

communications director to find new ways to grow the congressman’s following, increase
his name ID in the district, and maintain synergy across communications materials.
A strong candidate will be a creative, proactive communicator familiar with social media,
the legislative process, website maintenance, as well as photography, graphic design, and
video editing. Excellent writing and organizational skills are required. An ability to multitask
and work under tight deadlines is necessary. Strong candidates will have previous
congressional or political communications experience; ties to Virginia are helpful but not
required. Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples to Julianne.Heberlein@mail.house.gov with “Press Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-071-25
Press/Digital Assistant - Congresswoman Kristen McDonald Rivet (MI-08) seeks a fulltime Press/Digital Assistant, based in her Washington D.C. office. This position reports to
the Communications Director.
Responsibilities:
• Create and manage content for the Member’s social media platforms, including
copy, graphics, and videos
• Assist with drafting and circulating the Member’s newsletter, press releases,
statements, talking points, and speeches
• Work with Communications Director to develop content and graphics for franked
communications
• Monitor mentions of the Congresswoman across news outlets and social media,
and compile press clips
• Maintain Michigan and D.C. press lists
• Handle photography and videography at D.C.-based events
• Assist with updating the website
Qualifications:
• Heart for public service and helping others
• Exceptional attention to detail
• Strong writing and creative skills
• Experience in graphic design and video editing
• An ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a friendly and
professional manner
• Michigan ties and experience in competitive districts are preferred but not required
• Experience in Congressional offices of political campaigns preferred but not
required
Salary: $55,000 per year

The o&ice is an equal-opportunity employer. Please submit a resume and brief cover
letter to tom.grandon@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME - Press/Digital Assistant
Application” in the subject line. Please do not call or drop-by the o&ice.

MEM-067-25
District Director for Congressman Jonathan L. Jackson (D-IL-1).
Background:
Congressman Jackson has an immediate need to hire a dynamic leader to ﬁll the District
Director role in the Chicago O&ice. This is a full-time position. Interested candidates are
encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter by Saturday, March 8, 2025. Once the
application period closes, the o&ice will contact the best qualiﬁed candidates to begin the
interview process.
Job Expectations:
The District Director serves as the Member's senior sta&er in the Congressional District.
This position works closely with the Chief of Sta&, Legislative Director, and
Communications Director to establish strategies, plans, and activities for the Member.
Additionally, the District Director represents the Member at events and meetings
throughout the local community. The District Director also manages and oversees all
district o&ice operations, workﬂow, assignments of responsibilities, and performance of
the team (e.g., constituent service representative/caseworker, sta& assistant). Occasional
travel to the Washington, D.C. o&ice is required.
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience.
Job Duties:
•

Collaborates with the Member, Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and
Communications Director to ensure district office strategies and operating plans
align with the Member's strategic vision and goals

•

Attends events, speaks to local groups, and meets with elected officials and
representatives in the district to serve as a primary representative on behalf of the
Member

•

Oversees the Member's constituent casework activities with Federal departments
and agencies to monitor progress and schedule meetings as necessary

•

Conducts district office staff meetings to ensure tasks are delegated and addressed
appropriately

•

Facilitates information sharing between the Member's district office and the D.C.
office

•

Understands and navigates differing perspectives and opinions to resolve conflicts
and develop solutions effectively

•

Interviews, selects, and trains employees of the district office to ensure the office is
appropriately staffed

•

Plans, assigns, and directs work of employees in the district office to manage staff
and evaluate their work

•

Oversees district office staff to ensure compliance with office policies, practices,
and procedures

•

Travels throughout the district at regular intervals to keep abreast of local concerns

•

Partners with the Member’s communications team to plan district-based media and
press events

Featured Skills:
•

•

•

•
•

Decision Making: Makes sound, well-informed, and objective decisions; perceives
the impact and implications of decisions. Commits to action to accomplish
organizational goals. Maintains appropriate levels of conﬁdentiality.
Advising: Provides guidance and persuades others; utilizes give and take to make
sure input is considered on important decisions; considers the legislative and
political situation to provide valuable guidance.
Managing Others: Plans, distributes, and monitors work assignments of others;
evaluates work performance and provides ongoing feedback to others on their
performance and opportunities to learn through formal and informal methods.
Planning and Coordination: Organizes work and sets priorities. Coordinates with
others to accomplish goals; monitors progress and evaluates outcomes.
Political Acumen: Identiﬁes the internal and external politics that impact work.
Perceives organizational and political reality and acts accordingly.

Preferences:
•
•

Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience preferred
Experience developing a community relations strategy for a Member of Congress,
elected official, or Federal agency is preferred

•

Familiarity with Congressman Jackson’s district and/or IL is required

•

Management experience is required

Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume by Saturday,
March 8, 2025, to edward.hamb@mail.house.gov.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-064-25
Oversight and Investigations Law Clerk
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations (Democratic Sta&) is seeking a Law Clerk for Summer 2025 to assist in
conducting oversight and investigations of issues within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction. Law Clerks will work closely with Subcommittee counsel and professional
sta& on a wide range of issues related to the environment, energy, health care, and
consumer protection sectors. This is a paid position.
Responsibilities include assisting in the preparation for Congressional hearings;
contributing to the management of investigations of governmental and private entities;
conducting research, document review, and analysis; drafting letters, memoranda, and
investigative reports; and coordinating with other Subcommittees of the full Committee.
The ideal candidate will be in at least their second year of law school or is a recent law
school graduate who is a detail-oriented and proactive problem-solver with strong
communication and legal research and writing skills. Women, people of color, veterans,
and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The o&ice is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status. Law clerks will receive a stipend, and
applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their
educational institution.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C O&I Law Clerk.”
Applications are due on March 21, 2025.

MEM-063-25
Congresswoman Maxine Dexter, M.D. (OR-03) seeks a creative, proactive Digital/Press
Assistant in her Washington, D.C. o&ice. This is a full-time position.
The Digital/Press Assistant reports to the Communications Director and will play a crucial
role in executing the o&ice’s strategic communications plan, speciﬁcally in executing the
o&ice’s social media and digital communications.
This position requires a comprehensive understanding of social media trends, superior
writing skills, considerable experience with photography, graphic design, and video editing,
and the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment. Oregon ties are a
plus but not required.

This o&ice is an equal-opportunity employer committed to developing an organization that
is reﬂective of the district that we serve. The o&ice does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
Key Responsibilities:
• Develop and implement the o&ice’s digital and social media strategy; create and
maintain a consistent stream of digital content for member’s social media
platforms and website; includes rapid response
• Assist with drafting newsletters, press releases, talking points, scripts, opeds/letters to the editor, newsletters, and other written materials
• Film and edit videos for social media, including Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, etc.
• Develop and update website content
• Create/maintain press lists
• Clip TV appearances, ﬂoor speeches, and other video content for social media.
• Other tasks as needed
Salary range is $60,000-70,000.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, 2-3 digital samples, mail
to:OR3Resumes@gmail.com. and with the subject line “Digital/Press Assistant - [Your
Name]” to OR3Resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-054-25
Communications Advisor
Location: Washington, D.C.
Congresswoman Melanie Stansbury (NM-01) is hiring a strategic Communications Advisor
to support her O&ice’s work on the DOGE Subcommittee of the House Oversight
Committee and on behalf of New Mexico’s First Congressional District.
This is not an entry level position. Previous experience on Capitol Hill and/or high-level
political communications experience is required, along with a solid understanding of
Congress and the legislative process.
Strong preference for New Mexico ties, where possible. This Communications Advisor will
be joining a dedicated, hard-working, and upbeat team working to defend our democracy
and serving the state of New Mexico. This role will require strong coordination and writing
skills.
This Communications Advisor will report to the Communications Director and work closely
with the Congresswoman’s Leadership, Legislative and District O&ice teams to develop

and execute a coordinated communications plan to keep the public and constituents
informed on critical matters before Congress and a&ecting the state.
Job responsibilities will include strategic planning, drafting speeches, written remarks,
press statements, and more:
The ideal candidate will also possess the following:
• Exceptional writing and researching skills.
• Ability to work long hours (including weekends and evenings as needed), under pressure,
while remaining collaborative and e&ective.
• Thoroughness and attention to detail.
• Discretion and sound judgment.
• An independent self-starter and team-player.
• Strong organizational, time-management, and project management skills with the ability
to juggle multiple priorities simultaneously.
• Self-starting, high dependability, adaptability, and organization skills.
This o&ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
sex (including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Interested candidates must submit a resume to repstansburyresumes@mail.house.gov by
March 7 with the following subject line: “Last Name – Communications Advisor.” Interviews
will be conducted on a rolling basis.
Out of fairness to all candidates, those who do not submit their materials to this email will
not be considered. Qualiﬁed candidates should submit a single PDF saved with
LastName.FirstName.CommunicationsAdvisor to include:
1. Cover letter
2. Resume
3. Two writing samples

MEM-053-25
The House Committee on Financial Services is seeking an experienced securities attorney
to serve as Counsel to the Subcommittee on Capital Markets of the House Committee
on Financial Services.
Position Overview:
The Counsel will play a vital role in advancing the Subcommittee's work on capital
formation and SEC institutional reforms, among other issue areas. The Counsel will work
closely with Committee leadership and sta& to develop legislation and policy initiatives.

Key Responsibilities:
- Conduct comprehensive legal research and analysis to support the Subcommittee's
initiatives
- Draft and review legislation within the Subcommittee's jurisdiction
- Represent the Subcommittee in meetings with Members of Congress, interest groups,
government agencies, and other stakeholders
- Analyze complex documents, legislation, and regulatory materials to prepare brieﬁng
materials for Committee members and sta&
- Provide legal counsel to the Chairman
- Develop brieﬁng papers and policy documents
- Prepare and support Committee hearings and markups
- Contribute to additional projects based on expertise and interests
Qualiﬁcations Required:
- Juris Doctor (JD) degree from an accredited law school
- Active membership in good standing with a state bar
- Minimum 5 years of experience
- Strong understanding of federal securities laws and regulations
- Excellent analytical, research, and writing skills
- Outstanding interpersonal and communication abilities
- Demonstrated ability to manage multiple complex projects simultaneously
- Experience in analyzing and drafting legislation
Preferred:
- Prior experience at the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
- Background in capital markets regulation and policy
- Legislative or government a&airs experience
- Knowledge of congressional procedures and legislative process
Additional Information:
This position o&ers signiﬁcant opportunity for professional growth and the ability to shape
the role based on expertise and interest. Work is conducted collaboratively as part of a
dynamic team environment, with shared responsibilities and opportunities for crossfunctional engagement.
How to Apply:
Please email Zach.Gates@mail.house.gov to apply with a resume and cover letter.

MEM-051-25
DISTRICT STAFF ASSISTANT - Communications and O&ice Logistics

The O&ice of U.S. Representative Greg Landsman (OH-01) seeks an organized and
proactive professional to serve as a Sta& Assistant in our Cincinnati and Lebanon, OH
o&ices.
This position is responsible for driving the Congressman to and from the airport on ﬂy-in
and ﬂy-out days and to and from district events. Additionally, the role serves as a critical
part of the communications team, capturing photos; videos and writing copy for the
Congressman’s social media and public communications. Lastly, this role will support
district o&ice operations by serving as the point of contact for o&ice logistics, including
managing equipment, shipping and receiving supplies, and essential IT support, such as
helping with onboarding and o&boarding new hires and interns.
Candidates for this role should have an exceptional driving record, a car, and car insurance.
They should also have a background in graphic design, video production, photography, or
social media. The ideal candidate should also possess strong writing and communication
skills, exceptional customer service; time management and organizational skills, paying
close attention to detail. The ability to prioritize and follow through on multiple competing
priorities in a fast-paced environment is foundational to working in the o&ice.
A valid U.S. driver’s license and consistent access to a vehicle are required for the position.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The o&ice is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Salary range is $45,000-$55,000, commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please email
reginald.harris@mail.house.gov with “Sta& Assistant” in the subject line and the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF:
• Cover letter
• Résumé
• Two references including name, current title and organization, phone number,
email, and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will
not contact these references without reaching out to you for your approval)
• An attachment or link to any video editing, photography, and/or social media
content entirely produced by the applicant
No phone calls or drop bys, please.

MEM-047-25

The O&ice of Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-32) is seeking to ﬁll a job opening for a
Caseworker position in the (Sherman Oaks) district o&ice.
Caseworker responsibilities include: Interact with constituents via phone, email and ino&ice meetings; Assist senior sta& with administrative responsibilities; Input, ﬁle and
review constituent inquiries; Contact federal agencies on behalf of constituents.
Applicant should be organized, professional, highly motivated and must possess strong
writing, typing and interpersonal skills. Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment
and meet deadlines. Proﬁciency with Microsoft O&ice and database software preferred.
Position is entry-level, but past experience in a social work or government ﬁeld is preferred.
Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college or university with a
bachelor's degree.
Salary starts at $45,000 annually, with additional considerations made for relevant
experience. We o&er a generous student loan reimbursement package.
Please submit cover letter and resume attn: Scott Abrams to
scott.abrams@mail.house.gov . No calls please

MEM-046-25
The House Committee on Homeland Security Republican Sta& is hiring for a Counsel (JD
required) or Professional Sta$ Member supporting the Director of Investigations and the
Subcommittee on Oversight, Investigations, and Accountability.
The ideal candidate will have at least two years of experience with a background or strong
interest in congressional oversight and investigations. Experience in homeland security
issues is a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, sta&ing Subcommittee and some Full
Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and some Full Committee
correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as well as with outside organizations,
conducting depositions/ transcribed interviews, reviewing document productions,
legislation, research, managing external sources of information, and interacting with
various congressional committee and personal o&ices.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, superior attention to detail, be selfmotivated, work well under pressure, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. The ability to work both independently and as part of a team are
critical. Prior Hill experience preferred. Interested candidates should send a resume and
cover letter to Resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov with the subject line “OIA Counsel <Applicant First and Last Name> - OIA Counsel” or “OIA PSM - <Applicant First and Last
Name>.”

MEM-042-25
The O&ice of Congressman Gabe Vasquez (NM-02) seeks an experienced, highly organized,
and detail-oriented Scheduler to be based in his Washington, DC o&ice. This is not an
entry-level position. Candidates must have exceptional organizational skills, meticulous
attention to detail, expertise prioritizing and managing multiple tasks under tight deadlines,
and the ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment for a battleground
Member.
The Scheduler serves as a key player of the team by managing the Member’s time. This role
reports to and works closely with the Chief of Sta& but is expected to be a leader and team
player in coordinating closely with the full team regarding the Member’s schedule.
Core Responsibilities
•
•

•
•

•
•
•

Evaluating, organizing, and responding to all incoming meeting and event requests
in coordination with the Chief of Sta& in a timely manner.
Maintains the Member’s daily and long-term schedule, coordinates travel, and acts
as a liaison for the Member with other congressional o&ices, constituents, and
stakeholders.
Briefs the Member weekly on upcoming events, meetings, and other scheduling
matters in Washington, DC and New Mexico.
Collaborates with the Member and Senior Sta& to determine and ﬁnalize the
Member’s daily and long-term schedules, and collect brieﬁng materials (e.g.,
memos, talking points, and speeches).
Manages Member and o&ice operations in Washington, D.C. including coordination
of Member movements, meetings, and o&-campus events.
Works closely with ﬁnancial administrator for travel and o&icial expenses.
Reports directly to the Chief of Sta& and Member.

Qualiﬁcations: The ideal candidate will have congressional work experience and prior
scheduling experience. New Mexico ties and Spanish-language proﬁciency are a plus.
To apply, please send a cover letter and resume as a single document to
NM02applications@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler: [Your Name]” as the subject line.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; the office does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age,
disability, or military status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

MEM-040-25

Overview: Congressman Rob Wittman is seeking a highly motivated and experienced
Legislative Director to lead his legislative agenda and coordinate policy initiatives in his
Washington, D.C. o&ice. The Legislative Director would handle the Congressman’s Natural
Resources Committee assignment, as well as Energy, Environment and Chesapeake Bay,
Tax, Telecom/Broadband, Transportation & Infrastructure, Appropriations and the Budget,
Immigration, Labor/Workforce/Federal Employees. In addition, the Legislative Director will
have a close working relationship with the Chief of Sta& in building and maintaining
relationships with other lawmakers, committee sta&, and advocacy groups.
The Legislative Director should be knowledgeable about issues relating to Virginia and VA01, and work closely with the District Director and district stakeholders, including local
leaders, businesses, and community organizations, to understand their needs and
incorporate their perspectives into legislative e&orts. Most importantly, the Legislative
Director should have a genuine commitment to public service and advocating for the best
interests of Virginia’s First District.
Key Responsibilities:
• Develop and implement a comprehensive legislative strategy aligned with the
Congressman’s priorities and constituents' needs.
• Manage and mentor a legislative team, provide guidance, and foster collaboration
among sta& members.
• Build and maintain relationships with other lawmakers, committee sta&, advocacy
groups, and stakeholders to advance the Congressman’s legislative goals.
• Engage with district stakeholders, including local leaders, businesses, and
community organizations, to understand their needs and incorporate their
perspectives into legislative e&orts.
• Understand the political landscape and anticipate the implications of legislative
actions as it relates to VA-01.
• Draft legislation, amendments, and policy papers, ensuring clarity and adherence to
congressional procedures.
• Maintains up-to-date tracking reports on all legislative items including Sponsored
and Cosponsored legislation and letters, provisions in larger bills, and district wins.
• Review responses to all constituent mail, and review content produced by the
communications team.
• Represent the Congressman in meetings with constituents, interest groups, and
other legislative o&ices.
• Monitor legislative developments and provide timely updates to the Congressman
and his sta&.
Qualiﬁcations:
• Minimum of 5 years of experience in legislative a&airs, public policy, or a related
ﬁeld, preferably in a congressional o&ice.

•
•
•
•
•

Strong understanding of the legislative process and federal government operations.
Excellent writing, research, and communication skills.
Proven ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment and manage
multiple priorities.
Commitment to public service and the values of Congressman Wittman.
Virginia ties Preferred

Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and references to
Carolyn.King@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Legislative Director Application.”

MEM-034-25
House Committee on Veterans’ A$airs (Majority) Contracts Investigator
The House Committee on Veterans’ A&airs Majority sta& seeks a subject matter expert on
government procurement, contracting, and acquisition.
Core Responsibilities:
•

•

•
•
•

Under the supervision of the General Counsel for the Committee, the individual will
conduct oversight and develop policies relating to Department of Veterans A&airs
(VA) procurement, contracting, and acquisition.
The responsibilities encompass the entire VA, which includes the Veterans Beneﬁts
Administration, Veterans Health Administration, National Cemetery Administration,
and VA Central O&ice organizations. This also covers a wide range of activities such
as small-dollar procurement, contracting by negotiation, major acquisition, Federal
Supply Schedules, category management, construction, leasing, information
technology, health care, research and development, and small business.
Collect technical information and translate it into brieﬁngs, memoranda, hearing
materials, and policy recommendations for a general audience.
Meet with congressional sta&, veteran service organizations, industry organizations,
and internal and external stakeholders.
Perform other duties as assigned by the General Counsel, Committee Deputy Sta&
Director, and Committee Sta& Director.

Qualiﬁcations:
•
•
•
•

Undergraduate degree
Work experience in procurement operations, preferably as a contract specialist or
contracting o&icer in a federal agency
Command of the Federal Acquisition Regulation and familiarity with major
procurement laws
Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Excellent oral communication skills
Thoroughness and attention to detail
Discretion and sound judgment in formulating and recommending policy positions
Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and
courteous
Work independently as well as in teams
This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
Some domestic travel is required.

Beneﬁts:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Sick and Annual Leave
Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
Thrift Savings Plan
Federal Employees Group Life Insurance Program
Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Federal Transit Beneﬁt or parking
Student Loan Repayment Program

Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House of
Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), disability, or age. Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Transportation and all
related travel expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by
the applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume
to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Contracts Investigator “in the subject line. Writing
samples and references may be requested. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-530-24
TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial A&airs,
House Committee on Veterans’ A&airs, Majority Sta&

REPORTS TO: Majority Sta& Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial
A&airs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Provide administrative and research support to Subcommittee sta& and assists with
duties as assigned.
DUTIES:
• Maintain Subcommittee archives of activities, including Member and stakeholder
engagements.
• Travel and conduct oversight visits at agency locations.
• Draft trip reports, requests to agencies for information (including tracking deadlines),
hearing recaps, and other work product relevant to the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction.
• Subcommittee casework as assigned.
• Answer telephone and respond to caller inquiries.
• Keep abreast of emails, including Member inquiries and agency notiﬁcations.
• Organize and maintain Subcommittee electronic records, including meeting notes,
agency reports, other documents.
• Participate in sta&-level discussions on legislation being considered; draft policy
memoranda as assigned.
• Assist with due diligence being performed as part of the Subcommittee’s oversight duties,
including requesting information from agencies on matters within the Subcommittee
jurisdiction.
• Assist with hearing preparation and coordination of hearings, including drafting
memoranda and remarks for Chairman.
• Attend meetings with agencies, veteran service organizations, and other parties, and
maintain notes on such meetings.
• Assist with the drafting of memoranda for the full Committee and Subcommittee
Chairman on matters within the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee.
• Review the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and other
publications for matters of interest to Subcommittee Members and sta&.
• Assist with developing policy recommendations and serve as a resource for Members
both on and o& Committee.
• Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Subcommittee
Chairman, full Committee Sta& Director or Deputy Sta& Director, and Subcommittee Sta&
Director, and assisting other Committee sta&, as needed.
• This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science.
REQUIRED SKILLS:
• Strong research skills. Legal research skills (e.g., LexisNexis) is a plus.
• Strong writing and editing skills.

•Strong Microsoft O&ice proﬁciency, including expertise in Word and the ability to use
Excel.
•Strong organizational skills.
•Strong verbal communication.
•Excellent attention to detail.
•Excellent listening skills.
•Strong ability to manage ﬂuctuating workloads and juggle and prioritize tasks, including
managing short-, medium-, and long-term tasks.
•Team oriented.
•Excellent ability to work well under pressure and time constraints.
•Problem solving and analytical skills are a plus.
•Potential to work independently.
BENEFITS: Employees may be eligible for the following beneﬁts:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Beneﬁts Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Beneﬁts
•Many other supportive services and beneﬁts o&ered by the U.S. House of Representatives.
Other Information: Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S.
House of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel expenses
associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply: Qualiﬁed candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and one (1)
writing sample to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “DAMA
Republican Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-523-24
The Democratic Staff of the House Budget Committee and Ranking Member Brendan F.
Boyle (PA-02) seek a creative and detail-oriented Digital Assistant to support digital
communications and public engagement efforts. This position will be split between the
committee office and personal office and will be based out of Washington D.C.

This position involves creating and scheduling content for social media platforms,
maintaining the committee’s website, producing multimedia materials (graphics, videos,
and infographics), and monitoring digital analytics to optimize outreach. The ideal
candidate will have 1-3 years of experience in digital communications, social media
management, or a similar role (Hill or campaign experience preferred), proficiency with
design and editing tools (e.g., Adobe Creative Suite, Canva), strong writing and editing
skills, and a passion for progressive policymaking.
Candidates should be highly organized, comfortable working under tight deadlines, and
familiar with social media analytics and website content management systems. A
bachelor’s degree in communications, political science, or a related field is preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and the position includes a competitive benefits
package.
This office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values mentorship and
professional development; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status. Candidates with diverse backgrounds,
women, people of color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, email a cover letter, resume, three examples of digital content, and contact
information for three references to budget-democrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with the
subject line: "[Name] – Digital Assistant Application." Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis.

MEM -522-24
The Office of Congressman Pat Ryan (NY-18) seeks a Press Secretary based in the
Washington DC office. Applicants should be prepared to join a highly-collaborative, highachieving team and possess an eagerness to grow and learn within the office. Ties to New
York’s 18th District are a plus.
The ideal candidate should demonstrate excellent writing and editing skills in addition to a
strong work ethic, good sense of humor, and keen attention to detail. The position will
require working non-traditional hours.
Responsibilities include:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Writing press releases, statements and media advisories
Drafting talking points and op-eds
Staffing the Congressman for interviews and media events
Planning press conferences and in-district events
Responding to press inquiries
Maintaining relationships and booking interviews with local press outlets

•

Other tasks as assigned

The Press Secretary will report to the Communications Director, and work closely with the
Chief of Staff, the District Director, the Digital Director, the Legislative Director, and other
legislative and district staff in creating, coordinating and executing the digital and written
content strategy to promote the Congressman’s legislative and district priorities. The
salary range for this position is $60,000 - $80,000, commensurate with experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three
references in a single PDF to ny18resumes@mail.house.gov with the job title and your full
name in the subject line (e.g.: “Press Secretary - Bryson Daily). No phone calls, faxes or
drop-ins, please. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-517-24
Congresswoman Susie Lee (D-NV) seeks a highly organized, good-humored, hard-working
DC Scheduler to develop, coordinate, and manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and
long-term schedule and logistics in DC. The DC Scheduler will report to the Chief of Staff
and work closely with the Member, DC staff, and District staff, including a District-based
scheduler responsible for in-district scheduling. This is not an entry-level role; prior
scheduling experience is preferred, and salary will be commensurate with experience.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and
scheduling requests, coordinating travel for the Member, compiling the Congresswoman’s
nightly briefing materials, and managing office operations, including but not limited to
facilitating Member meetings and calls, coordinating internal and external events,
assisting with onboarding and training for staff and interns, and other administrative
duties. Responsibilities will also include providing staffing support, including driving the
Congresswoman as needed. Strong candidates will be creative problem solvers, have
excellent attention to detail, communicate succinctly and effectively, and thrive in a fastpaced work environment. The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under
pressure, and the flexibility to be responsive to urgent scheduling needs on nights and
weekends.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.

Candidates should submit in PDF format a resume, cover letter, and three references
(including name, title and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the
candidate) to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name – DC
Scheduler.”

MEM-476-24
Congressman Dan Crenshaw (R-TX-02) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working Legislative
Assistant (LA), based in our Washington, D.C. o&ice. This position reports to the Legislative
Director. The LA will handle an economic facing portfolio, including Budget and
Appropriations, Financial Services, and Tax, with other issues to follow.
Key duties include:
• Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Legislative Director, and
legislative, communications, and district teams on legislative updates
• Preparing and sta&ing the Member for meetings, and assisting in the drafting of remarks,
as needed
• Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within the portfolio of
issue areas Working with external stakeholders, Congressional Research Service (CRS),
Legislative Counsel, and committee sta& to draft legislation based on the Member’s
priorities
• Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communications skills and be detailoriented, organized, and creative. They must be able to quickly learn the member’s voice
and think in a proactive, communications-focused manner.
Other key qualities include:
• Commitment to a collaborative work environment
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage competing priorities
• Ability to communicate up and down within the team
• Ability to learn the Congressman’s voice and legislative priorities
• Interest in identifying and pursuing new opportunities and the ability to anticipate and
adapt to challenges
Hill experience is required. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with level of
experience. Qualiﬁed applicants should submit a resume and writing sample (no more
than 3 pages) as one combined PDF to Kenneth.Depew@mail.house.gov. Include
“Legislative Assistant – [Full Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on
a rolling basis as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

