Member and Committee Openings
Week of November 24, 2025
MEM-356-25
Scheduler for the Office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum (OR-05)
The office of Congresswoman Janelle Bynum is seeking a scheduler to serve in our
Washington D.C. office. This position offers a unique opportunity to play a key role in the
Congresswoman’s operations and will work closely with the office’s Chief of Staff. The
ideal candidate will possess extreme attention to detail and will often act as a liaison for
the member with the staff, public and other Members.
POSITION OVERVIEW:
The Scheduler will build and maintain the Member's official schedule and coordinate
calendaring events in both D.C. and the district.
DUTIES:
• Prepare and continually update the daily schedule for the Member;
• Brief the Member on all scheduling activities of the D.C. and district oOice and
makes recommendations on proposed future meetings;
• Schedule all staO meetings and brieﬁngs involving the Member;
• Coordinate scheduling of press, interviews, radio and T.V. time with the
communications team;
• Coordinate ﬂoor vote and committee activity scheduling with the legislative team;
• Meet regularly with the Chief of StaO to build the Member’s schedule and prioritize
interaction with constituents; and
• Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor’s degree or related job experience;
• A demonstrated interest in public service;
• Strong writing skills;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner;
• The ability to maintain conﬁdentiality; and

•

Availability to work long hours and at night

HOW TO APPLY:
• Please send your resume and cover letter to BynumJobs@mail.house.gov by
November 28, 2025.
NOTICE:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-355-25
Congresswoman Lizzie Fletcher (TX-7) seeks a positive, well-organized, and outgoing Field
Representative in her Houston, TX office. Primary duties include attending local events as
the Congresswoman’s representative; building and maintaining relationships with
constituents, community leaders and organizations, and local government offices;
assisting with the outreach programs; planning events; and staffing the Congresswoman.
Strong candidates will demonstrate excellent written and oral communication skills and
attention to detail, strong organizational skills, ability to manage multiple projects at once,
and function well in a team-oriented environment. Candidates should be able to
communicate clearly in a fast-paced environment with good humor, and to work effectively
with different teams in the office as well as organizations and government offices in the
community.
This position requires flexible working hours, including on weekends, and availability by
phone and email during evenings and weekends. Previous government experience is highly
desirable. Salary is commensurate with experience. Interested candidates should email
their resume, writing sample, and references to TX07.hiring@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Field Representative.” No phone calls or walk-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-354-25
The Committee on Ways and Means, U.S. House of Representatives, seeks applications to
fill a Trade Counsel position on the Democratic Staff.
Responsibilities include arranging and staffing hearings; legislative drafting; providing
expert legal and policy analysis; negotiating and corresponding with Executive agencies;
and conducting oversight and investigative activities.

Candidates for the position must be graduates of an accredited law school and members
in good standing of a state or the District of Columbia Bar. Candidates must be a U.S.
citizen and should have at least five years of trade litigation or trade policy experience.
Exceptional legal research and writing skills are required.
Candidates must be able to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance.
Previous Federal Executive Branch experience is preferred with a specific background in
customs law, trade remedies, services trade, government procurement, intellectual
property rights, artificial intelligence, competition law, labor law, technical barriers to
trade, environmental law, or human rights.
Applicants must be able to travel internationally. Candidates with an ability to converse in
French or Spanish is desirable.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and references to
WMDemTradeSubmissions@mail.house.gov. Position closes December 11, 2025
Due to an anticipated high volume of applications, we are unable to contact each
applicant individually regarding the status of their application.

MEM-352-25
To apply, please email jobs.landsman@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director – Your
Name” in the subject line (EX: Legislative Director – Jane Smith).
The office of Rep. Greg Landsman (OH-01) seeks an experienced, organized, confident,
collaborative, and energetic leader who can operate well under pressure to serve as
a Legislative Director based in our DC office.
The Legislative Director will be a senior member of the leadership team in the office,
working extraordinarily closely with the Member, Chief of Staff, Communications Director,
Director of Operations, and District Director. The Legislative Director will serve as the
primary policy advisor – providing strategic direction and insight to the Member and team,
while being responsible for overseeing the Member’s legislative and policy agenda,
overseeing the legislative team, and collaborating closely with senior leadership to solve
complex problems and deliver results.
Key duties include:
•
•

Managing, training, and supervising a team in a fast-paced environment
Overseeing policy and legislative priorities – including drafting bills, letters, and
amendments

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Keeping the Member and team updated on legislative updates and policy news
Tracking floor and committee activity, and making vote recommendations
Developing strong relationships with district and DC partners
Effectively representing the Member and Member’s views and opinions to internal
and external stakeholders
Overseeing the office’s appropriations, Community Project Funding, and grants
process
Overseeing the office’s constituent correspondence program
Collaborating with Member, Chief of Staff, Communications Director, Director of
Operations, and District Director

Key qualities include:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Prior Hill experience – including at least 4 years of policy/legislative experience
Strong ability to manage a team, and exercise good judgment and work ethic
Sound policy judgment and firm grasp of committee, floor, and other House
procedures
Strong verbal and written communications skills and ability to communicate up,
down, and across the team
Ability to quickly learn and adapt to the Member’s style and legislative priorities
Commitment to a collaborative work environment and professional development
for all team members
Attention to detail, creativity, and most of all, hustle
An understanding of Ohio issues and communities is a plus

Salary range: $90,000 – $110,000 – commensurate with experience.
To apply, please email jobs.landsman@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director – Your
Name” in the subject line (EX: Legislative Director – Jane Smith) and the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF.
•
•

Resume
Brief cover letter

Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.

MEM-351-25
Job Posting: DC Scheduler for Congresswoman Dexter – District OR-03

About the Position:
Congresswoman Maxine Dexter is seeking a highly organized and detail-oriented individual
to serve as a Scheduler for her Washington, D.C. office. This position is essential in
managing the Congresswoman's daily schedule, travel arrangements, and other related
activities. The Scheduler will act as a liaison between the Congresswoman, staff, the
public, and other Members of Congress. A valid driver’s license and owning a car is
preferred. Full-time benefited position with a starting salary range of $65-75K. Additional
benefit of student loan repayment.
Essential Job Functions:
• Prepare the Congresswoman’s daily schedule.
• Organize monthly projected schedules and brief the Congresswoman on all
scheduling activities.
• Coordinate staff meetings, briefings, and events involving the Congresswoman.
• Schedule press, interview, radio, and television engagements in coordination with
the Communications Director.
• Manage reservations for air travel, ground transportation, and lodging.
• Submit vouchers for travel and expense reimbursement.
• Ensure the Congresswoman receives briefing materials for each event by
coordinating with participants and staff.
• Maintain files related to travel, correspondence, and event materials.
• Assist with preparing documentation for the Congresswoman’s annual financial
disclosure report.
• Act as a liaison between the Congresswoman, constituents, and government
offices.
• Maintain positive working relationships with staff and other stakeholders.
• Work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends, and perform
other duties as assigned.
Education & Experience:
• At least one year of experience working in a congressional office is preferred.
Skills & Knowledge Required:
• Strong telephone, oral, and written communication skills.
• Ability to prioritize and manage appointments with discretion and independent
judgment.
• Excellent organizational skills with keen attention to detail.
• Ability to work cooperatively and maintain professional relationships with diverse
personalities.
• Knowledge of office administration, policies, and procedures.
• Ability to work under pressure and handle stress in a fast-paced environment.
• Must be adaptable to a flexible work schedule.

How to Apply:
Please send a resume and cover letter
to Grace.Banfield@mail.house.gov and Kari.Williamson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-350-25
Job Opening: District Representative
The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) is hiring a District Representative based
out of her district office in Las Vegas. The ideal candidate is enthusiastic, team-oriented,
self-motivated, good-humored, and resourceful. Qualified applicants will have strong oral
and written communication skills, astute attention to detail, work efficiently under
pressure, and be creative, proactive, and strategic. This position requires flexibility to work
some nights and weekends, especially when the Congresswoman is in southern Nevada.
The District Representative will report to the District Director.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to organizing and hosting events, tracking and
attending community events, supporting and staffing the Congresswoman, preparing
briefing memos, staying informed with assigned issue areas in the community, conducting
casework and other constituent services, and acting as a liaison for the Congresswoman in
the community. The District Representative will also assist with various tasks to support
the Congresswoman while in district, including driving the Congresswoman. Applicants
must possess a valid drivers’ license, strong driving skills, and own a registered vehicle.
The preferred candidate will have experience working with elected officials and community
groups, ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment, ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others in a fast-paced office, and basic knowledge of
government affairs and constituent services. Knowledge of Nevada’s Third Congressional
District is desired. Compensation will be commensurate with experience.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Qualified candidates should submit in PDF format a cover letter, resume, three references
(including name, title and organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the
candidate) and one writing sample to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject
line: “Full Name – District Representative.”

MEM-349-25
Location: Washington, DC
Salary Range: $60-70,000 based on experience

Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a Press Secretary|Digital Director to
join our communications team. The Press Secretary|Digital Director will work under the
office’s Communications Director to carry out the Congresswoman’s communications
and outreach strategy. Ideal candidates are motivated self-starters, detail-oriented, highly
organized, possess problem solving skills, thrive in a very fast-paced environment - and
be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under tight time constraints. Interested applicants are encouraged
to apply by 15 December 2025.
Key Responsibilities
• Work with the Communications Director to build and maintain the Congresswoman
’s brand.
• Develop and manage digital content across platforms
(Facebook, Instagram, X, Bluesky, and YouTube). Support the office’s social media
strategy by drafting social media posts and producing video and graphic materials.
• Update and manage the official website.
• Monitor national and local media coverage, as well as social media trends.
• Clip and caption TV appearances, floor speeches, long and short form videos, and
more.
• Draft and edit press releases, advisories, franked communications, and other
communications materials as assigned
• Help plan and execute press events, interviews, and digital outreach.
• Maintain press contact lists and support external communications efforts.
Qualifications
• Strong writing, editing, and strategic messaging skills
• Skilled in Canva, Adobe Suite, or similar platforms
• Media relations success and ability to assist with communications in a fastpaced environment
• Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus
• Fluency in Spanish is a plus
• Must be a collaborative, highenergy team player committed to advancing the office’s mission and responsive to
emerging priorities.
TO APPLY: Send (1) Cover Letter, (2) Resume, (3) 2 writing samples of 500 words or less, (4)
digital/photographic portfolio, and (5) and three references (including name, title,
organization,
contact details, and your relationship. Pleasesend all materials to CA44Resumes@mail.ho
use.gov With “CA44 Press Secretary” in the Subject Line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-348-25
U.S. House of Representatives
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Democratic Staff
DIGITAL DIRECTOR
Ranking Member Robert Garcia of the House Committee on Oversight and Government
Reform has an immediate need to hire a creative, organized, detail-oriented individual to
serve as Digital Director to assist with content creation on a fast-paced, highly
collaborative communications team and work efficiently under tight deadlines and
produce high-quality, quick-turnaround content.
Position Overview:
Creating rapid response and visually engaging content is an essential component of the
Committee’s digital-forward communications strategy. Individual responsibilities include
the ability to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Draft and design engaging digital content that highlights the Committee’s work and
investigations.
Collaborate closely with the Ranking Member, Communications Director, and
communications team to craft cohesive digital messaging.
Coordinate with Member offices to engage Committee Members in Oversight Dems’
digital strategy.
Work closely with the Director of Video to plan out and execute a robust video
program.
Draft and design message guidance and talking points for Committee Members and
the Democratic Caucus.
Edit and maintain the Committee’s website to include relevant updates, press
releases, and engaging content.
Manage and guide the paid media program and ensure all materials comply with
House Rules and Communications Standards Commission (Franking) regulations.
Work cross-functionally with other staff on special projects as assigned.

Proficiency in Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator and the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment are a must. Applicants should also have a working knowledge of Canva and
HTML.
COMPENSATION & WORKPLACE
Salary is commensurate with experience. All applicants will be considered without regard
to race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender

identity, disability, age, or national origin. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are
strongly encouraged to apply.
This position is based in Washington, D.C. and reports to the Communications Director.
The position may require work outside standard office hours. This is not an entry level
position. Qualified candidates will have at least 2 years of digital media or graphic design
experience, preferably on Capitol Hill. The ability to work well with others, manage
competing priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines is a
must.
Our Commitment to Inclusion
The Oversight Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff. All qualified
applicants are encouraged to apply. Applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, or national origin.
Application Instructions:
Interested applicants are encouraged to submit a resume and digital portfolio
to sara.guerrero@mail.house.gov and gabi.garcia@mail.house.gov with “Digital
Director”in the subject line by December 1, 2025, at midnight. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-344-25
Congresswoman Val Hoyle (D-OR-04) seeks a self-starting District Caseworker to join her
office to work with a dedicated and hardworking district team. In this role, the District
Caseworker acts as a liaison to federal agencies for constituents on behalf of the Member.
They provide casework assistance through correspondence and verbal communications to
constituents and federal agencies. They also often work with state and local agencies.
The ideal candidate has excellent written and oral skills; can exercise discretion and
independent judgment in carrying out the duties of the position; has working knowledge of
local, state, and federal agencies and departments; is aware of and can communicate
about issues and events in the district of importance to the Member; can communicate
with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant and professional manner; has a
professional telephone manner; is courteous to others; is thorough and pays careful
attention to detail; and can fulfillment of all casework responsibilities. They work closely
with other district caseworkers and field staff, and reports to the District Director and the
Chief of Staff. A preference for Spanish speakers is preferred but not required for this
position.

Please have candidates send a cover letter and resume
to resumes.hoyle@mail.house.gov. Applications will be reviewed on an ongoing/rolling
basis

MEM-336-25
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced Scheduler for her
Washington, DC office.
The salary range for this position is $60,000 - $80,000, depending on experience and
qualifications.
Main responsibilities include:
• maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term schedules for both DC and the
District;
• organizing and evaluating all incoming meeting requests and invitations.
• keeping the Member on schedule throughout the day.
• working with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings.
• coordinating travel arrangements.
• processing and managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member.
• supporting planning and scheduling for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus related
to the Chairwoman.
• Facilitate weekly scheduling meetings with the Member and Chief of Staff to
evaluate meeting requests.
• Coordinating with the Member and Chief of Staff regarding political scheduling
requests;
• Communicating with constituents by phone and email to address requests;
• Drive the Member as needed;
• And additional administrative responsibilities as necessary.
Candidates must be highly organized, detail-oriented, energetic, and capable of thriving in
a fast-paced and rapidly changing workplace.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including some
weekend availability as needed.
Previous experience in scheduling/operations and/or Hill experience is
preferred. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Southern California | Los Angeles Metro area ties, access to a car, and Spanish fluency are
a plus.

Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-335-25
The Office of Congresswoman April McClain Delaney (D-MD-06) seeks a Constituent
Services Representative to be based out of her District Office in Frederick, MD. The
position reports directly to the District Director and is responsible for assisting in all
aspects of the District Team’s day-to-day responsibilities. This role will require travel
throughout Maryland’s Sixth District.
Job Summary
A Constituent Services Representative acts as a liaison to federal, state, and city agencies
for the Member's constituents. This position will handle a portfolio of issue areas on behalf
of the Member and work closely with the District Director and staff to provide outstanding
service to the Member's constituents. A Constituent Services Representative is also
responsible for answering casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents. Additionally, a Constituent Services Representative works with the Director
of Constituent Services and the Director of Outreach to ensure effective communication
with agencies and constituents.
Essential Duties :
• Serves as a liaison with federal governments to address individual constituent
concerns
• Monitors casework trends to provide updates to the District Director and Director of
Constituent Services
• Prepares incoming and outgoing constituent casework to manage casework in
assigned areas of expertise
• Maintains accurate and complete ﬁles on all assigned casework to keep track of all
casework progress
• Screens and monitors cases to determine if referring the case to other government
entities is appropriate
• Answers casework correspondence, meets with constituents, and serves as a
liaison with federal, state, and local authorities to act as the representative for the
Member within their areas of responsibility
• Attends community meetings to support public events and provides updates to
District Director and Director of Outreach
• Writes responses to constituent letters relating to casework to answer questions or
inform them of case progress

•
•

Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an eOicient and eOective manner
Other duties as assigned

Skills
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
• Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with competing
priorities
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities
• Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
• Strong oral and written communication skills
• Thorough knowledge of the legislative process
• Knowledge of all issues in the District in which the Member is involved
• Maryland ties are a plus
• The ability to speak Spanish is a plus
• 1-3 years of experience working for a candidate or elected oOicial (Federal, State, or
Municipal)
Salary & Benefits
The salary range for this position is $55,000 - $65,000 annually. Additionally, the office
provides a robust benefits package.
To Apply :
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to md06.jobs@gmail.com
with the subject line “Constituent Services Representative.” No calls or walk-ins please.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; the office does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status, or any other characteristic protected by
applicable law

MEM-333-25
LEGISLATIVE CORRESPONDENT
Moderate House Democrat seeks a Legislative Correspondent for their Washington, D.C.
office.
Ideal candidates will have:
• A Bachelor’s degree or related job experience;

1-3 years of relevant job experience;
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills;
Excellent attention to detail and time-management abilities;
A strong commitment to providing outstanding constituent service;
The ability to thrive in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment;
Sound judgment and a positive, professional attitude;
A demonstrated interest in public service and legislative work;
Prior Capitol Hill experience preferred.
Duties will include but not be limited to:
• Managing a robust constituent mail program through Indigov and ensuring timely,
accurate responses;
• Helping manage a legislative portfolio, including tracking legislation in assigned
issue areas and assisting with legislative research and briefing materials;
• Researching legislative issues and drafting correspondence to explain the
Member’s position on a wide range of public policy matters;
• Collaborating with legislative staff to develop and maintain an up-to-date library of
constituent correspondence;
• Drafting, editing, and personalizing letters to address constituent inquiries.
This position reports up to the Legislative Director and Chief of Staff.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military
status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable
accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to
request accommodation at any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, a cover letter, and a writing
sample with “Legislative Correspondent” as the subject line to jobs@mail.house.gov.

