Internship Openings
Week of November 04, 2024
MEM-464-24
DC Legislative Intern
The O&ice of Congressman Joaquin Castro (TX-20) is looking to hire a motivated and detailoriented college student or recent college graduate to join our Washington, D.C. o&ice for
the upcoming Spring 2025 Semester.
Interns are responsible for answering phones, researching legislation, attending hearings
and brieﬁngs, and responding to constituent letters on the various issues that come before
the House. As a result, interns will experience a ﬁrsthand look at the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional o&ice.
Candidates should be interested in public policy, detail-oriented, motivated, organized,
willing to learn, have good phone etiquette, and strong writing skills.
This internship will run from January 2025 – April 2025. All interns are paid $15 an hour.
Interested applicants should email cover letter, resume, a 2-page wiring sample, and a
completed Intern Application Form to Castro.InternApplication@mail.house.gov.
Applications will be accepted until November 26th 6:00 PM EST.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex,
gender identity, disability, or age.

MEM-464-24
Representative Seth Magaziner (RI-02) seeks part-time, paid Spring 2025 interns for his
Warwick, Rhode Island o&ice, to start at the beginning of January.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
• Provides a welcoming environment and positive ﬁrst impression of the Member
o&ice to constituents, visitors, and other VIPs;
• Answers incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness;

•
•
•
•
•
•

Sorts and distributes mail;
Assists Member and key sta& (e.g. sta& assistant, scheduler, District Director) with
logistical and administrative duties;
Receives and logs input from constituents on policy matters for the Member o&ice’s
consideration and response;
Conducts research, and drafts correspondence and memoranda;
Assists with planning and execution of Member’s public outreach at local events;
Accompanies district sta& to public forums, meetings, and events as a
representative to the Member.

Applicants should apply on our website https://magaziner.house.gov/services/internships
Consistent with applicable law, the O&ice requires all interns to be fully vaccinated against
COVID-19 as a term and condition of employment.
Female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The o&ice is an
equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.

MEM-463-24
Paid Spring 2025 Legislative Internship – DC O&ice of Congresswoman Mary Gay Scanlon
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC o&ice for college
students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are ﬂexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Legislative
Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Drafting constituent correspondence
• Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
• Attending brieﬁngs, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
• Responding to constituent mail and answering o&ice phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public service.
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to
assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring Legislative

Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and compile all application
materials into one PDF document.

MEM-461-24
The Washington, D.C. o&ice of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks interns for the
upcoming Spring 2025 term.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and brieﬁngs, drafting and
editing constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the
legislative sta&, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing support for
the day-to-day activities of the o&ice. Our interns have the opportunity to work either in
person or virtually, but preference will be given to applicants who can commit to working in
person. Interns are paid via a monthly stipend.
The O&ice of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin,
age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and one short writing sample to
WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should indicate their
availability for Monday-Friday. The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM ET on Friday, November
15th, 2024.

MEM-460-24
The Washington, D.C. O&ice of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking part-time
and full-time paid interns for the Spring 2025 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based sta& performing legislative and administrative
work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting responses to constituent
correspondence, attending brieﬁngs and hearings, performing legislative research, and
supporting sta& members on various projects.
Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent communication skills, a
strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public service and progressive values.
All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by an outside organization.
The O&ice of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer. Women,
people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State
and/or district ties are a plus but not required.

Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample, three
references, and availability to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with the subject
“First Name.Last Name Internship Application” by Sunday, November 10th at 11:59pm.

MEM-459-24
Rep. Cli& Bentz (OR-02) Congressional Paid Internship Opportunity
Description:
Congressman Cli& Bentz (OR-02) is seeking Spring interns for his Washington D.C. O&ice.
Congressman Bentz is a member of the House Judiciary Committee and the House Natural
Resources Committee. Ideal candidates will be college students or recent graduates who
are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detail-oriented, enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and
have customer service experience.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations and
legislative research. Although no two days are the same, an intern may be expected to
answer phones, greet Oregonians, attend policy meetings with other sta&, and assist in
managing constituent correspondences and administrative operations. Interns may also
lead tours of the U.S. Capitol and attend committee hearings.
Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide valuable
experience for future endeavors. The internship will generate the opportunity to foster
excellent connections, learn about many issues a&ecting our state and country, gain
expertise in any policy areas you might be interested in, and get a detailed look at what
makes the United States the most enduring democracy in the world.
Desired Availability:
Applicants should be able to commit to at least 20 hours per week. O&ice hours are
9:00AM – 5:00PM weekdays. The internship is in-person and paid.
All interested applicants are asked to ﬁll out the application form found on the
Congressman’s website: https://bentz.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-455-24
The O&ice of Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR-06) is seeking candidates for a fulltime (40 hours a week) ten-week fall internship in our Washington D.C. o&ice. The
preferred dates of this internship are starting in mid-November, but start dates are ﬂexible.
Interns will get an in-depth look at the operations and functions of a congressional o&ice,
including policy, communications, o&ice operations and constituent services. Interns will

get opportunities to attend hearings and brieﬁngs; assist with constituent services; and
research legislation.
Qualiﬁcations:
• Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
• Ability to speak courteously with constituents
• Ability to work independently and as a part of a team
• Attention to detail and eagerness to go above and beyond
• Professionalism and demonstrated interest in public service
• OR-06 ties are preferred, but not required
Compensation information:
• Academic credit may be available and should be arranged with your academic institution.
The O&ice is an equal employment opportunity employer and, consistent with the
Congressional Accountability Act (“CAA”) and House Rule XXIII, does not discriminate on
the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, parental status, or any other
factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. This means that these factors will not
be the basis for any hiring, discharge, promotion, pay, beneﬁts, or reassignment decision or
action, or any other personnel or job action a&ecting the terms, conditions, and privileges
of employment. Consistent with the CAA, the O&ice may, however, consider party
a&iliation, domicile, and political compatibility in making employment decisions.
Application:
We are currently accepting applications for an internship based in Washington D.C. If
interested in a district-based internship, please check Salinas.house.gov for more
information on all internships available.
To apply, please complete the online form: https://salinas.house.gov/services/internships.
Please note that you must include your resume, cover letter, and a writing sample that is no
longer than 2 pages all in one PDF ﬁle. Rolling applications are open until November 15th at
11:59 pm PST.

MEM-454-24
The O&ice of Congressman Greg Casar (TX-35) is currently seeking candidates for paid
internship for the 2025 Spring term. Internships are full-time and in-person in our
Washington, DC o&ice. Current college students and recent graduates are welcome to
apply. Texas ties, district ties, and Spanish language ﬂuency are preferred but not required.
The spring internship program runs from January 13 to April 4 (12 weeks). Internships in our
DC o&ice are paid $17.50/hour at the close of each month. A spring internship is 30-40
hours per week, ﬁve days a week from 9:00AM to 5:00PM ET. Schedule is ﬂexible to
accommodate students enrolled in courses.

DUTIES
The internship provides a valuable opportunity to contribute to the daily operations of a
congressional o&ice and gain ﬁrst-hand experience with the legislative process.
Interns are critical to the operations of a congressional o&ice. Various intern
responsibilities may include but are not limited to: greeting guests, answering phones,
logging constituent phone calls, email inbox, opening and sorting mail, drafting constituent
letters, performing legislative research, leading Capitol tours, assisting sta& with events,
meetings, communications tasks, and various day-to-day o&ice tasks.
QUALIFIED APPLICANT REQUIREMENTS
The ideal candidate will be dependable, professional, detail-oriented, an e&icient
multitasker, a proactive problem-solver, be comfortable interacting and speaking on the
phone with the public. Successful internship candidates should:
• Be at least 18 years of age
• Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently graduated.
• Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
• Possess a professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with
visitors, constituents, and sta& members in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment.
• Possess e&ective skills for verbal and written communications.
• Possess e&ective teamwork skills, ﬂexibility, willingness to learn new skills, and the ability
to support the needs of multiple team members and leaders in the o&ice.
• Possess time management skills including the ability to prioritize and track work status.
HOW TO APPLY
Our o&ice is committed to building a team with diverse lived experiences that equips our
team to serve the Texas 35th district. Candidates are encouraged to apply and describe in
their cover letter how their experience translates to the role and needs of the o&ice.
Application deadline is November 6 at 5pm ET. Interested applicants should:
1. Fill out an application via the
link: https://airtable.com/appDJlUyTaIr68tCa/pagQmSBAk23Qls3cB/form
2. In the application link, submit one combined PDF of a resume, cover letter, contact
information of 2-3 references, and a brief writing sample (no more than three pages).
Due to the large volume of applicants, only applicants selected for interviews will be
contacted.
The O&ice of Congressman Greg Casar is an equal opportunity employer; we do not
discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national
origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or
any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities
who require a reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring
processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those
processes. Proof of COVID-19 vaccination and A booster will be requested.

MEM-453-24
The o&ice of Congresswoman Stephanie Bice (OK-05) is seeking applicants for a paid
internship for the Spring 2025 term. Successful applicants will be motivated, detailoriented, display a strong work ethic, and interact well with constituents and others.
Furthermore, applicants should have a strong interest in the legislative process and the
functioning of Congress.
The intern would be expected to handle, sort and/or log incoming calls, mail, and electronic
correspondence, lead tours of the Capitol, conduct research, help draft legislative and
o&icial correspondence, and assist the D.C. o&ice sta& with work as assigned including
administrative and logistical support. Qualiﬁed applicants should possess strong and
e&ective communication (both verbal and written), work well in a highly dynamic fastpaced environment, have good time management skills including the ability to prioritize,
and track multiple work products, possess attention to detail, and a willingness to learn
new skills and tasks and be ﬂexible in supporting the Member and all sta& in various roles,
both administrative and legislative.
To apply, please email ok05internship@mail.house.gov with a copy of your resume.

MEM-450-24
Representative Kevin Mullin’s (CA-15) D.C. o&ice is seeking an in-person, part-time, paid
press intern for Spring 2025. The press intern will work closely with the communications
team.
Applicants should be organized, creative, familiar with current events, and detail oriented.
Responsibilities include answering telephones; compiling daily press clips; creating
content for social media; drafting press releases, newsletters, and other written materials;
maintaining press lists; clipping ﬂoor and hearing remarks; and designing graphics.
The ideal candidate is team-oriented, has a strong work ethic, and has an ability to excel in
fast-paced environments. Excellent written and oral communication skills are a must.
Relevant communications skills such as graphic design, social media, and video editing
experience are preferred.
The Spring internship begins January 7, 2025 and will end mid- to late-May, with ﬂexible
start and end dates. At least 20 hours of availability per week is preferred. Work is in person
and is compensated at $15 per hour.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as one PDF, as
well as one sample graphic you have created, at this
link: airtable.com/apprYNgTcbCLqWcnA/pagycLdSOg3lB7jpV/form.

The deadline to apply is November 7, 2024. Due to the large volume of applicants, only
those selected for an interview will be contacted.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This o&ice is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-449-24
The D.C. o&ice of Representative Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications for paid
internships for the spring semester.
The ideal candidate will have excellent written and oral communications skills, interest in
the legislative process, resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fast-paced
environment. Ties to the Bay Area or California are preferred, but not required.
Responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislative issues, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending policy brieﬁngs and hearings, recommending
legislation to the Representative, and other tasks as assigned.
The Spring internship begins January 7, 2025 and will end mid- to late-May, with ﬂexible
start and end dates. At least 20 hours of availability per week is preferred. Work is in person
and is compensated at $15 per hour.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as one PDF at
this link: airtable.com/apprYNgTcbCLqWcnA/pagycLdSOg3lB7jpV/form.
The deadline to apply is November 7, 2024. Due to the large volume of applicants, only
those selected for an interview will be contacted.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This o&ice is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-448-24
The O&ice of Congressman Jim Himes is seeking applicants for the Spring 2025 internship
program in his Washington, D.C. o&ice. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a
resume, cover letter, writing sample, and completed application by November 8th.

Interns serve important roles for the o&ice by providing support with o&ice administration,
communications, and legislative research. The Himes o&ice is dedicated to ensuring every
intern has a worthwhile educational experience that broadens their professional skillset,
enhances their understanding of how Congressional o&ices operate, and aids in their
overall career development.
Strong candidates will have:
• A demonstrated interest in politics, government, American history, or related ﬁelds.
• Precise attention to detail, strong interpersonal skills, and a sense of humor.
• Ability to juggle multiple priorities in a fast-paced work environment.
• Scheduling ﬂexibility that allows for 24-40 hours of work a week.
Job Duties include:
• Performs research on issues or topics related to bills, committee hearings, and district
and state concerns and drafts responses to constituent correspondence to address key
issue areas
• Answers incoming calls and captures constituent requests to ensure consideration by
Member o&ice
• Assists with of the Capitol and arranging visits to other national landmarks
To apply, submit the following:
1. Resume
2. Cover letter (one page)
3. 1–3-page writing sample
4. Completed Internship Application Form found at himes.house.gov/internships
5. To be considered for a stipend, you must submit a 1-page statement of purpose
explaining how the funds will assist you in participating in the internship
This o&ice is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or sexual orientation.
Qualiﬁed candidates should submit their completed materials
to Himes.Internship@mail.house.gov by Friday, November 8, 2024 at 5:00 pm EST.

MEM-447-24
Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated Legislative Interns in our D.C.
o&ice for the Spring 2025 semester.
Interns in our D.C. o&ice will have the opportunity to witness the legislative process and the
inner workings of Capitol Hill ﬁrst-hand. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
answering constituent phone calls, attending policy brieﬁngs and meetings, providing tours
of the United States Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the needs of
the Congresswoman's sta&. The internship will run from January through May, from 9 am-6

pm when Congress is in session and from 9 am-5 pm when Congress is not in session.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills, prioritizes
professionalism, is a dedicated team player, and has a friendly persona. Ties to Nevada's
First District are a plus, but not required. The o&ice of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
How to Apply:
Interested applicants should ﬁll out the form below and include a cover letter, resume, and
short (1-2 page) writing sample. Applications will be accepted until Sunday, December 1,
2024, on a rolling basis.
Application Form: airtable.com/appjUVDedFRF8MvRK/shrHMRz57ZvPcdOdy

MEM-445-24
Paid internships in Congressman Balderson’s Washington, D.C. o&ice o&ers college-aged
students an exciting introduction to the U.S. House of Representatives and the workings of
a Congressional o&ice. Internships are designed primarily for students who have
completed at least one full year of collegiate undergraduate coursework and preference is
given to students with Ohio ties. Students selected for the internship program will have the
opportunity to research and review current legislation, help with press-related projects,
directly interact with OH-12 constituents through phone calls and U.S. Capitol tours, and
expand their professional network. This is a great chance to learn more about the
legislative process and see the inner workings of Congress while developing professional
skills and building a resume.
To access the internship application for this upcoming Spring 2025 semester, please see
the link below. Deadline for the Spring 2025 application is November 4th, 2024.
Internships | U.S. Congressman Troy Balderson
(house.gov) balderson.house.gov/forms/internships/

MEM-444-24
The o&ice of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is now accepting applicants for Spring
2025 Congressional Internships in our Washington, DC o&ice. Successful applicants will
be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work ethic, and interact well with
constituents. In addition, applicants should have a strong interest in the legislative process
and the function of Congress. A monthly stipend will be provided to individuals selected for
the internship.

Internship duties in the Washington, DC o&ice may include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative sta&
• Attending congressional hearings and policy brieﬁngs
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House
• Helping the communications/press team
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Other projects as assigned by the sta&
To apply, please email your resume to WisconsinResumes@mail.house.gov. Ties to the
state of Wisconsin are preferred, but not required.

MEM-443-24
The o&ice of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is now accepting applicants for Spring
2025 Congressional Internships in our Washington, DC o&ice. Successful applicants will
be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work ethic, and interact well with
constituents. In addition, applicants should have a strong interest in the legislative process
and the function of Congress. A monthly stipend will be provided to individuals selected for
the internship.
Internship duties in the Washington, DC o&ice may include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative sta&
• Attending congressional hearings and policy brieﬁngs
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House
• Helping the communications/press team
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Other projects as assigned by the sta&
To apply, please email your resume to WisconsinResumes@mail.house.gov. Ties to the
state of Wisconsin are preferred, but not required.

MEM-441-24
The O&ice of Congressman Jim Costa (CA-21) seeks a highly motivated and creative
Digital/Press Intern to join a fast-paced communications operation based in Rep. Costa’s
Washington, D.C. o&ice for the Winter/Spring 2025 intern class.
This internship program prides itself on its educational aspects. Press interns will immerse
themselves in fast-paced press operations and learn the ins and outs of a congressional

communications shop. They will have an opportunity to learn and engage on various digital
platforms while learning how to connect people to policy.
Qualiﬁed candidates should have strong writing, editing, and digital skills to assist with
time-sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing
software, such as Adobe, Canva, and Photoshop. Candidates with experience in a press or
digital media role (including internships) are preferred but not required. California or
Central Valley ties are a plus. The intern will be under the supervision of the
Communications Director and Internship Coordinator.
•
•
•
•
•
•

Internship Responsibilities
Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant with drafting social media
content, e-newsletters, targeted mailing, and website content.
Edit photos and create engaging graphics in line with the Congressman’s brand.
Clipping, editing, and compiling videos.
Assist with the creation and maintenance of press lists.
Compile daily press clips and reports about social media analytics.
Other o&ice tasks such as answering phones, drafting correspondence, conducting tours,
and other duties as required.
Internship Dates and Details:
Fall internships will start in early December 2024 and go until April 2025, with some
ﬂexibility. Interns are expected to work in compliance with the o&ice's regular hours of
operation. Our o&ice cannot accommodate remote or hybrid internships at this time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, November 15th.
Apply: Interested applicants should ﬁll out the internship application via our website:
Internships | Congressman Jim Costa (house.gov),
(https://costa.house.gov/services/internships) specifying in their application their desire to
be a press intern.
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. The O&ice of Rep. Jim Costa is an equal opportunity
employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment.
Contact: Please reach out to our intern coordinator, Grant Menolascino, with any
questions regarding the application process at Grant.menolascino@mail.house.gov.

MEM-440-24
Congressman Josh Harder (CA-9) is seeking motivated legislative interns for the Spring
Session in his Washington, DC o&ice. Interns will participate in the daily operations,

assisting with congressional hearings, writing memos, answering phones, sorting mail, and
supporting sta&. Candidates should exhibit strong work ethic, attention to detail,
punctuality, and excellent writing skills. District ties are preferred but not required. This
paid internship provides valuable experience in government and politics. To apply, send
your resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample as a PDF
to Eli.Aguayo@mail.house.gov by COB on November 22nd, 2024.

MEM-439-24
The O&ice of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking full-time interns to assist her
legislative team in Washington D.C. for Spring 2025. Candidates should be motivated,
ﬂexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning in January.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, assisting with the
constituent mail program, drafting memos, attending committee hearings and brieﬁngs,
giving tours, and assisting sta& with projects in a wide array of issue areas. Candidates
should possess strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a
fast-paced environment, a team-player mentality, and a good sense of humor. Candidates
with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and one-page writing sample
to wildinterns@gmail.com with the subject line LASTNAME- Legislative Internship. Also
include policy areas of interest, desired start and end dates, and availability. Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis; deadline to apply is Friday, November 8th at 5pm. Late
applications will not be considered.

MEM-437-24
The O&ice of Congressman Jim Costa (CA-21) seeks a highly motivated and
creative Digital/Press Intern to join a fast-paced communications operation based in Rep.
Costa’s Washington, D.C. o&ice for the Winter/Spring 2025 intern class.
This internship program prides itself on its educational aspects. Press interns will immerse
themselves in fast-paced press operations and learn the ins and outs of a congressional
communications shop. They will have an opportunity to learn and engage on various digital
platforms while learning how to connect people to policy.
Qualiﬁed candidates should have strong writing, editing, and digital skills to assist with
time-sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing
software, such as Adobe, Canva, and Photoshop. Candidates with experience in a press or
digital media role (including internships) are preferred but not required. California or
Central Valley ties are a plus. The intern will be under the supervision of the
Communications Director and Internship Coordinator.

Internship Responsibilities
Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant with drafting social media
content, e-newsletters, targeted mailing, and website content.
Edit photos and create engaging graphics in line with the Congressman’s brand.
Clipping, editing, and compiling videos.
Assist with the creation and maintenance of press lists.
Compile daily press clips and reports about social media analytics.
Other o&ice tasks such as answering phones, drafting correspondence, conducting tours,
and other duties as required.
Internship Dates and Details:
Fall internships will start in early December 2024 and go until April 2025, with some
ﬂexibility. Interns are expected to work in compliance with the o&ice's regular hours of
operation. Our o&ice cannot accommodate remote or hybrid internships at this time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, November 15th.
Apply: Interested applicants should ﬁll out the internship application via our website:
Internships | Congressman Jim Costa (house.gov), specifying in their application their
desire to be a press intern.
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. The O&ice of Rep. Jim Costa is an equal opportunity
employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment.
Contact: Please reach out to our intern coordinator, Grant Menolascino, with any questions
regarding the application process at Grant.menolascino@mail.house.gov.

MEM-436-24
The O&ice of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and
energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC for January-May. Please
indicate availability in the ﬁrst sentence of the cover letter.
Qualiﬁed applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple
tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns, drafting
constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative brieﬁngs, greeting
constituents and visitors when in the o&ice, assisting sta& with research and special
projects, tracking media coverage, and performing administrative duties.

As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional o&ice.
To apply for an internship in the O&ice of Congressman Cartwright, please submit an
application, including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample at the following
link: https://cartwright.house.gov/services/internships.htm.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-435-24
The Democratic StaL of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks qualiﬁed
undergrad students and recent graduates for Legislative Interns for the Spring 2025
session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give students a
thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process.
Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist sta& with administrative tasks
such as answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials for
sta& and member brieﬁngs. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow sta& at
hearings and markups, as well as attend brieﬁngs on subjects within the Committee’s
broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fast-paced
environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in particular, the
role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative process. Superior writing
and communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time
availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or age.
Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply. Interns will
receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to receive
credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing sample (two
pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your cover letter, please indicate
preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and whether you are available to work
full-time or part-time. Please put “Spring 2025 Legislative Intern Application” in the subject
line. The deadline for applications is November 15, 2024. Please no phone calls or dropins.

MEM-433-24

Press Internship
The O&ice of Representative Brad Schneider (D-IL-10) is now accepting applications for
Spring 2025 Press Interns in the Washington, D.C., o&ice. This paid internship runs from
early January through late May and is open to both undergraduate and graduate students.
Hours are ﬂexible to accommodate academic schedules, with general hours from 9:00
a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not.
As a press intern, you will collaborate closely with the communications team to create
engaging graphics, edit videos, and draft social media content. You may also have the
opportunity to join sta&ers alongside the Congressman at events or during meetings to
capture pictures and draft content on-site. Additional responsibilities include some
legislative internship duties, such as answering constituent calls, leading Capitol tours,
and assisting with front o&ice administrative tasks.
The ideal candidate is adaptable, detail-oriented, and thrives in a fast-paced, deadlinedriven environment. Strong writing skills are essential, as is the ability to communicate
e&ectively with both internal and external stakeholders. Experience with graphic design
platforms like Canva, as well as photo and video editing software, is a plus.
Interested applicants should submit one PDF ﬁle containing a cover letter, resume, two
references, a 1–3-page writing sample, and one example of digital work (video, graphic, or
photo). These materials should be sent to Matthew.Rodriguez@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Spring 2025 Press Internship Application – [Your Name]. Please submit your
application by 11:59 p.m. EST on November 12th, 2024.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are selected
for an interview. This o&ice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate
based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identiﬁcation, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-432-24
The O&ice of Representative Brad Schneider (D-IL-10) is now accepting applications for
Spring 2025 legislative interns in the Washington, D.C., o&ice. This paid internship runs
from early January through late May and is open to both undergraduate and graduate
students. Hours are ﬂexible to accommodate academic schedules, with general hours
from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when
not.
As a legislative intern, you will play a key role in ensuring the smooth operation of the o&ice
while gaining valuable experience working with the legislative team on policy matters. Your

responsibilities will include answering phones, managing errands, researching legislation
for the congressman and sta&, attending hearings and brieﬁngs, leading Capitol tours, and
responding to constituent inquiries. This position provides a unique opportunity to gain
ﬁrst-hand experience in learning about the legislative process and the diverse functions of
a congressional o&ice.
The ideal candidate is adaptable, detail-oriented, and thrives in a fast-paced, deadlinedriven environment. Strong writing skills and the ability to communicate e&ectively with
both internal and external stakeholders are essential. Experience in a professional
environment and knowledge of basic congressional operations are a plus.
To apply for a legislative internship with Congressman Schneider, please complete the
internship application form on our website
(https://schneider.house.gov/students/internships) by 11:59 p.m. EST on November 12,
2024. If you have trouble accessing the application form or have any questions, please
email Matthew.Rodriguez@mail.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are selected for
an interview. This o&ice is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate based
on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identiﬁcation,
family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-430-24
The Washington, D.C. O&ice of Congressman Ed Case (HI-01) is seeking motivated
candidates for a Spring 2025 semester internship.
Responsibilities Include:
• Answering phones and managing correspondence
• Leading constituent tours of the Capitol
• Conducting research on legislation for the Member and legislative sta&
• Attending hearings and brieﬁngs
• Assisting with various o&ice tasks
Interns will have the chance to engage directly with the legislative process and contribute
to the functions of a congressional o&ice. Application Deadline: November 1, 2024
To Apply: Interested candidates should submit the following materials:
• Resume
• Cover letter (including interest in the internship, availability, and ties to Hawaii)
• Three references (academic and work-related)
• Two short writing samples (maximum of 5 pages)

For more information or to submit your application, please
email HI01.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-429-24
The House Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democratic Sta& seeks a
motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to ﬁll a full-time digital media
and traditional press intern position this spring. The intern responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, written content creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other
press and administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe Premiere Pro,
Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling and interpreting social
media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment and
willingness to learn are a must. This position reports to the Communications Director.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To
apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-428-24
Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of California,
seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Sacramento) o&ices for the Spring
2025 term. Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process
ﬁrst-hand and the many functions of a Congressional o&ice.
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data entry.
Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation for the Member
and legislative sta&, attending brieﬁngs, hearings, and markups; and answering constituent
letters on various issues. Interns based in California may also be asked to assist on a
variety of constituent casework or in-district projects, as needed.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s o&icial website
and complete the application form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part
of the application, a cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to
California’s 7th District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a
rolling basis.

MEM-423-24

The O&ice of Representative Donald Norcross (NJ-01) is seeking motivated candidates for
the Spring 2025 Internship program. Applications are considered on a rolling basis.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting sta& with legislative,
administrative, constituent relations, scheduling, and communications activities. Interns

will answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; attend hearings and
brieﬁngs; assist with legislative research; compile daily clips; and participate in
professional development activities.
Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and
professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
Interns receive a stipend. The spring internship will span early January to early May, but
start/end dates are ﬂexible based on semester schedule.
Please send a resume, cover letter, three professional references and a brief writing sample
to andrew.skurnik@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please. Applications will
be reviewed on a rolling basis and applicants are encouraged to apply early. Incomplete
applications will not be reviewed.
When emailing over your completed application materials, please include a resume, cover
letter. And 2-3 references in one combined PDF.

MEM-421-24
The Democratic Sta& of the Committee on Rules is seeking full- and part-time, energetic
interns for the spring (January - May). Our interns work closely with Committee sta& to
prepare materials for Committee meetings, conduct research projects, learn about the
Rules of the House and the various procedures for legislation to reach the House Floor, and
complete a variety of other administrative tasks. Ideal candidates have strong writing skills,
a good work ethic, an interest in learning about House ﬂoor procedures, and are detailoriented. Interns will gain experience in legislative analysis, political communications, and
institutional processes.
A stipend will be available for qualiﬁed candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. All o&ers are conditional on completion of a federal criminal
background check. The o&ice is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages
candidates from diverse backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line:
"Legislative Intern Spring 2025 – Last Name, First Name" explaining why you want to join
the Democratic sta& of the House Rules Committee
to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov. Please apply by November 8, 2024.
Note: Students on quarter systems or with unusual schedules are still encouraged to
apply—please detail your particular situation in your cover letter.

MEM-420-24

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Fall 2024 internship
program in her Washington, D.C. o&ice.
Responsibilities: The o&ice of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship program
intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates, and students
currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman DeLauro's o&ice
combine administrative and legislative work. Interns are involved in all aspects of the o&ice
including constituent services, correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to
providing general sta& support.
Qualiﬁcations: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude. Interning in Congresswoman
DeLauro's o&ice is a great opportunity to work in a highly active legislative o&ice.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form (also located on
delauro.house.gov/services/internships), cover letter, resume, brief writing sample (1-2
pages), and two reference contacts in a single PDF ﬁle
to Lydia.McCarty@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring 2024 Internship” by
November 15.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such person’s
race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military, disability, or sexual
orientation.

MEM-418-24
Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C. o&ice for
Spring 2024.
Ideal candidates are organized and passionate undergraduate students, graduate
students, or recent graduates with an interest in public service. They should be self-starters
with excellent writing and organizational skills.
Our o&ice is an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, military status, sexual orientation,
or gender identity or expression. Special consideration will be given to candidates with New
Jersey ties and to those from backgrounds that are traditionally underrepresented in
Congress.
Key responsibilities of D.C. interns include:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front o&ice operations
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing other
inquiries

• Legislative work: attending hearing and brieﬁngs, writing memos, composing cosponsor
recommendations, and drafting letters to be sent to constituents
• Organizing incoming mail
• Assisting with press clips and communications tasks
Applications are processed on a rolling basis, and candidates are encouraged to apply as
soon as possible. The internship will take place in-person from January to May. Preference
will be given to those with availability of at least 20 hours per week, and a stipend will be
provided.
To apply, please ﬁll out the application and submit a resume and cover letter through this
link: menendez.house.gov/services/internships. Please indicate your availability in your
cover letter and format the ﬁles [LastName_CoverLetter] and [LastName_Resume].

MEM-416-24
The O&ice of Congresswoman Summer Lee is committed to investing in the next generation
of public leaders and citizen activists. Congressional internships o&er a comprehensive
learning opportunity to understand better how congressional o&ices and the legislative
process work. Both in the Washington, DC, and District O&ice, the internship program is
designed to be a learning experience in which students are exposed to various areas
including constituent services, scheduling, o&ice administration, press and
communications, and legislative policy.
Typical duties will include answering phones, leading Capitol tours (Washington, D.C.based), researching legislation for the Member and legislative sta&, attending hearings and
brieﬁngs, and answering constituent letters on a variety of issues. The ideal candidate for
this paid, part-time internship will be team-oriented and have strong written and verbal
communication skills.
Students and recent graduates who are interested in the legislative process are highly
encouraged to apply. The Congresswoman is on the Oversight and Accountability
Committee and the Space, Science, and Technology Committee. Ties to Pennsylvania’s
12th Congressional District are preferred, but not necessary.
All applicants should apply by November 15, 2024,
at: https://summerlee.house.gov/internships.

MEM-414-24
The O&ice of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking interns for our
Washington, D.C. and Los Angeles o&ices for the Spring 2025 term.

Our o&ice values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial environment.
We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to grow. Interns will have
great opportunities to learn from o&ice sta& and network with others to make the most of
their time with our o&ice!
Intern Expectations
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service; possess
excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and communication skills;
work well in a team environment; and have a general understanding of the US political
system.
Internship Responsibilities
Legislative interns can expect to:
· Answer phones and assist in correspondence with
constituents
· Greet constituents and o&ice visitors
· Process tour requests and lead Capitol tours
· Handle mail
· Assist in processing casework
· Perform legislative research
· Work on other administrative tasks as directed
Press interns can expect to:
· Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant in drafting social media content
and other materials like press releases, website content, and newsletters
· Create graphic design posts for social media
· Compile daily press clips
· Edit video clips
· Maintain press lists
· Answer phones and assist in correspondence as needed.
In our DC o&ice, you can apply to be EITHER a Legislative OR Press intern. In our Los
Angeles o&ice, you will be a general o&ice intern.
Internship Dates and Details:
Spring internships are slated to start early January and go until late April/early May, with
some ﬂexibility. Interns are expected to work in person in the o&ice, Monday-Friday 9 a.m.5 p.m. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate remote or hybrid internships at this time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, November 22nd .
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter (in one

•

•

document) to:
· CA37.internships@mail.house.gov for DC o&ice internship.
Use the subject line “First name Last name [legislative] OR [press] – Spring 2025
internship”
· ca37.DOinternships@mail.house.gov for Los Angeles o&ice internship
Use the subject line “First name Last name – Spring 2025 Internship” in your email.
Please reach out our intern coordinator, Madilyn Brandon, with any questions
at Madilyn.Brandon@mail.house.gov.

MEM-409-24
Congresswoman Suzan DelBene, representing the 1st Congressional District of
Washington state, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Kirkland) o&ices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional o&ice, gaining valuable experience and
knowledge of the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls,
assisting sta& with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with
constituent correspondence. Kirkland, WA interns will have the opportunity to attend
community events and tours with the Congresswoman and sta&. Washington, D.C. interns
will have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
brieﬁngs for the legislative sta&.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample (1 to 2 pages)
through our web form
here: https://airtable.com/appNK10LkiweHjE79/shrKQyVOSs0khwKCp. The deadline for
Spring 2025 internship applications is Friday, November 8th at 11:59 PM.

MEM-407-24
Job Opening: Spring DC Fellowship
Office: Congressman Shri Thanedar
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) is now accepting
applications for a legislative fellowship during the Spring 2025 term. This fellowship is a
great opportunity for individuals in professional programs who seek to gain an in-depth
legislative experience. This is a full-time, in-person position.
Fellows assist the legislative team with drafting legislation, assisting with stakeholder
meetings, and helping with committee assignments.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Performing Research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available resources)

• Attending meetings on behalf of the office
• Drafting talking points, proclamations, and various briefings
• Staffing the Congressman at various events
• Tracking and responding to constituent requests and letters
• Helping find legislative opportunities for sponsorship and co-sponsorship
• Performing tasks and duties as needed to help day to day activities of the office
Other duties will be based on the fellow's interests.
We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, research skills, and strong
writing skills. Start and end dates are flexible. MI-13 ties and research experience are
pluses. Must be in a program that sponsors your fellowship.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age. We strongly
encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and members of other underrepresented
communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample in one
combined document to HR.Thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name Spring DC Fellow Application.” The application deadline is November 15, 2024. No calls or
drop-ins, please.

MEM-406-24
Job Opening: Spring DC Internship
Office: Congressman Shri Thanedar
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) is now accepting
applications for press and legislative internships during the Spring 2025 term. This
internship is a great opportunity for individuals who seek to gain public service experience
and insight into Capitol Hill. This is a full-time, in-person position.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Answering phone calls
• Greeting office visitors
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Coordinating tour requests and leading tours of the Capitol
• Attending congressional briefings, hearings and other professional development events
• Drafting press releases to be posted on the website and social media accounts
• Researching legislation and writing cosponsor memos for the legislative team
• Assisting operations, communications, and legislative staffers with various tasks
Other duties will be based on the intern's interests.
We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, customer service skills, and
strong writing skills. Start and end dates are flexible. MI-13 ties and service industry
experience are pluses.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age. We strongly

encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and members of other underrepresented
communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample in one
combined document to HR.Thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name Spring DC Press or Legislative Intern Application.” The application deadline is November
15, 2024. No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-404-24
FERN HOLLAND INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS FELLOWSHIP
Congressman Moulton o&ers a full-time, paid foreign policy fellowship in our Washington,
D.C. o&ice. This opportunity is only open to candidates who are currently Pell Grant-eligible
or who were Pell Grant-eligible while pursuing their bachelor's degree. Current
undergraduate students, current graduate students, and recent college graduates are
welcome to apply, though preference is given to graduate students. The fellow will work on
assignments on foreign policy and national security, in addition to some regularly assigned
intern responsibilities.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Conducting legislative research.
Taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings.
Organizing research from Members of Congress and outside organizations.
Writing brieﬁngs for the Congressman.
Drafting questions for House Armed Services Committee and Select Committee on China
hearings.
The full fellowship description can be found here.
APPLICATIONS:
Please email MA06.Resumes@mail.house.gov with your resume and cover letter using the
subject line: FHF: LAST NAME.
If you are selected for an interview, a sta& member will contact you
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis
If selected, you will be required to submit a FAFSA form.
If you have any questions, please email Emerson Jacobson
(Emerson.Jacobson@mail.house.gov)

MEM-401-24
The o&ice of Congressman Kevin Kiley is seeking full or part-time interns for the FALL 2024
term. Position duties include attending Congressional hearings, scheduling/leading Capitol
tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative sta& with research.

Applicants should possess conservative values and hold strong written and verbal
communication skills. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume and availability. Please use “Kevin Kiley
Internship” in the subject line. Please send resumes to Anthony.euceda@mail.house.gov

MEM-400-24

The Washington D.C. O&ice of Representative Brad Sherman CA-32 will be accepting
applications for an in-person internship during the Spring Semester 2025.
Applications will be accepted October 1st, 2024 – November 8th, 2024.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Interns will be responsible for:
Greeting guests and assisting with front o&ice operations;
Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing other
inquiries;
Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests;
Day-to-day o&ice work to assist with the functioning of the congressional o&ice and other
duties as delegated by members of the sta&;
Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting constituent letters;
Attending hearings and brieﬁngs, as requested by senior sta&;
Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team;
Other administrative tasks as assigned
As a result, interns will learn about the functions of a congressional o&ice, congressional
communications, and the legislative process.
Ideal candidates should be a self-starter with strong attention to detail, the ability to work
in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of
humor. CA-32 ties are preferred but not required.

•
•
•
•

Interested applicants should submit the following in one PDF document:
Resume
Cover letter
One-page writing sample
Dates of availability
Applications should be sent in PDF format to brads.interns@mail.house.gov with “CA-32
Spring 2025 Internship” in the subject line.
For more information on the internship please visit:
https://sherman.house.gov/contact/internships

MEM-398-24

Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C., o&ice for the
Winter/Spring 2025 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students, graduate students,
and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of a Congressional o&ice and the
legislative process. Interns should have a general understanding of the U.S. political
system, value open communication, be eager to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be an educational
experience. Internships are o&ered for either academic credit or a stipend. Internship
applicants must be high school graduates. Current students and recent graduates will be
given ﬁrst priority for the internship program.
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Legislative intern responsibilities include:
Attending committee hearings and congressional brieﬁngs,
Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
Answering phones and processing mail,
Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.
Press intern responsibilities include:
Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press Secretary in drafting
and editing social media content, digital graphics, and other digital materials,
Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
Answering phones and processing mail,
Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks, as directed.
Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic familiarity with graphic
design and video editing. Submission of a sample graphic or similar communications work
with your application is strongly encouraged.
This o&ice is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees and encourage candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover letter, resume,
three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf ﬁle, with the ﬁle name including
internship class, year, last name, and ﬁrst name (i.e. Spring2025.Doe.Jane.pdf) to
CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by November 15, 2024.

Please specify whether you are applying for the press internship or the legislative
internship. Applicants with strong ties to the 49th District are given preference.

MEM-397-24

Internships in the O&ice of Congressman Tim Kennedy are available for the fall, spring,
and summer sessions for college students and recent graduates. Students will gain
invaluable experience working for a member of Congress alongside congressional sta&.
Hours can be ﬂexible to accommodate academic schedules.
In Washington, D.C. and the Bu&alo District O&ice, intern responsibilities vary, but typically
include answering phones, administrative duties, legislative research, attending hearings,
meetings, and brieﬁngs, drafting correspondence, letters, and Congressional Extensions of
Remarks, and assisting with media monitoring. In addition, interns may be assigned to
assist in various constituent casework or assist with district-based projects. As a result,
interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
o&ice.
To apply for an internship, please email <<ny26internapplication@kennedyny26.com>>
with the subject line [Name], [DC or District Intern], and [Session (Spring, Summer, Fall)].
Please include a resume, cover letter, and three references as attachments. Applications
will be reviewed on a rolling basis, and you will be notiﬁed if and when the position has
been ﬁlled.
We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.

MEM-396-24
The o&ice of Congressman Kevin Hern (OK-01) seeks motivated and team-oriented Interns
to assist with various o&ice duties based in his Washington, D.C. o&ice for the 2025 Spring
Term (January – April/May). Internships are intended to current undergraduate students,
recent college graduates, and students currently enrolled in graduate school.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering constituent phone calls, taking
notes at brieﬁngs and hearings, conducting tours of the Capitol, drafting correspondence
letters, assembling press and news clips, and assisting sta& with other research and
administrative duties.
Ideal candidates have a strong interest in public policy, demonstrated responsibility,
respectable personal conduct, and are committed to serving the constituents of
Oklahoma’s 1st Congressional District with the utmost diligence.

Interested candidates should visit https://hern.house.gov/services/internship.htm for
application instructions.
Application Deadline: November 20th by 5pm CST
Start Date: January

MEM-393-24
The O&ice of Congresswoman Kim Schrier (WA-08) is seeking interns in its Issaquah and
Washington, D.C. o&ices for spring 2025.
Applicants should be eager to learn more about the legislative process and want to be part
of a hardworking team dedicated to serving Washington’s 8th Congressional District.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional o&ice, gaining valuable experience and
knowledge of the United States Congress.
In Washington, D.C., intern responsibilities will include greeting constituents, answering
constituent phone calls, supporting sta& with administrative tasks, conducting legislative
research, assisting with constituent correspondence, and other miscellaneous tasks as
assigned. Interns in Washington, D.C. also have the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S.
Capitol, as well as attend brieﬁngs for the legislative sta&.
In the District o&ice, interns will assist with a variety of tasks, including day-to-day o&ice
work such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with media clips. District
o&ice interns may also help with constituent casework or other District-based projects of
importance.
Qualiﬁcations
Ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, a high
degree of professionalism, and a strong interest in public service. In addition, the ability to
multi-task and work with a team are a plus. Washington state ties are a plus, but not
required.
Starting and ending dates are ﬂexible, although prospective interns should be able to
commit at least 20 hours per week during business hours.
Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for undergraduate and
graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest in public service. Stipends
or academic credit are available.
Please apply by November 15, 2024, at 11:59 p.m. ET.
Please be prepared to submit a cover letter, resume, three references and relevant
information at https://schrier.house.gov/services/internships. If you have issues with this

form, please email relevant application materials to
DistrictInternshipsWA08@mail.house.gov.

MEM-391-24

Representative Jim Baird (IN-4) is seeking internship applicants for Spring 2025 in his
Washington, DC o&ice. This is a paid, in-person, invaluable opportunity to experience the
legislative process hands-on through a wide range of tasks and responsibilities providing
support with o&ice administration, communications, and legislative work.
Responsibilities may include answering phones, greeting o&ice visitors, sorting mail,
conducting legislative research, attending hearings and brieﬁngs, giving tours of the U.S.
Capitol, assisting communications sta& with press releases and social media, and drafting
constituent letters.
The ideal candidate should have strong oral and written communication skills, be detail
oriented, motivated, and ﬂexible, and address all work with a positive attitude.
Prior constituent or customer service experience, a demonstrated interest in public
service, and District/Indiana ties are preferred.
The internship will run from early January to mid-May and can be full-time or part-time to
accommodate educational commitments.
Interested applicants should apply and upload a resume through the website at:
https://baird.house.gov/services/internships.htm.
Any questions can be directed to baird.intern@mail.house.gov.

MEM-390-24

Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate, driven, and
committed to public service for an internship in his Salem o&ice and Washington D.C.
o&ice. Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, current graduate
students, and recent college graduates. Interns receive a stipend distributed based on total
hours worked.
D.C. RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail.
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman.
•Taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings.
•Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative research.

DISTRICT RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
•Assisting the Casework Team on a variety of casework requests involving federal agencies.
•Taking notes at brieﬁngs and hearings.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative research
and attending community events.
APPLICATIONS
Applicants can ﬁnd more information on the internship portal
at moulton.house.gov under the ‘Services’ tab. All applications are due on November 10th,
2024, and will be reviewed after the application period closes.
If you have trouble accessing the application form above or have other questions, please
email Emerson Jacobson (Emerson.Jacobson@mail.house.gov.)
Internship” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-384-24
The Washington, D.C. O&ice of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking interns for
the spring of 2025. This is an in-person opportunity with limited hybrid hours possible. A
majority of the program is spent in the o&ice.
This position o&ers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of Representatives and
gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fast-paced o&ice. Internships are
o&ered on a full-time and part-time basis, and stipends are o&ered based on need. Fulltime availability is preferred. Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required.
Start dates are ﬂexible. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualiﬁcations:
· Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
· Strong communications and writing skills.
· Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
· Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
· Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
· Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
· Attend virtual brieﬁngs and track virtual hearings.
· Conduct weekly legislative assignments.

· Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials on
https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
· Resume.
· Cover letter.
· Three references.
About O&ice of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which includes
most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a Democrat.

