Member and Committee Openings
Week of July 13, 2026
MEM-227-26
Rep. Dina Titus seeks an organized and detail-oriented Staff Assistant for her Las Vegas
office. Primary responsibilities include managing the front office, answering and logging
telephone calls, coordinating constituent requests, assisting with constituent
correspondence, recruiting and supervising interns, and other administrative duties.
Candidates should be motivated self-starters with excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal communication skills, strong organizational skills, an ability to think quickly
when troubleshooting, and a positive demeanor in a busy environment. State and local
government or other relevant experience is preferred.
Candidates with a diverse background, Nevada state ties, and Spanish-language
proficiency are strongly encouraged to apply. Rep. Titus is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis ofrace, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
Those interested in applying should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and one short writing
sample to NV01Jobs@gmail.com subject: “District Office Staff Assistant”. Applications
will be accepted on a rolling basis and will remain open until the position is filled.

MEM-226-26
Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz seeks an organized and motivated selfstarter to serve as Scheduler in her fast-paced Washington, D.C. office. Candidates are
expected to keep the Congresswoman’s schedule updated, respond to and process
invitations for meetings and events in a timely manner, and manage the Congresswoman’s
travel plans and logistics.
The Scheduler will work closely with the Chief of Staff, District Director, Legislative Director
and Communications Director, and other duties as assigned. The incumbent will have the

opportunity to work with every part of the operation and will be needed to work some
nights and weekends as needed.
Primary Responsibilities:
• Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staP and constituents;
• Prepares the daily schedule for the Member, and distributes copies to the
Washington, D.C. and district oPices;
• Prepares projected schedules for the Member and FL-25 Team;
• Briefs the Member on all scheduling activities for the Washington, D.C. and district
oPices and makes recommendations to improve ePiciency;
• Schedules all staP meetings and brieﬁngs involving the Member;
• Coordinates scheduling of press interviews and recordings with the Comms Team;
• Makes reservations for the Member's air travel, ground transportation, and lodging;
• Reviews the Member's mail and invitations;
• Responds to all invitations, either by personal call or written correspondence;
• Ensures that the Member is provided with brieﬁng materials for events and meetings
by coordinating with relevant staP (brieﬁng materials include group information,
legislative background, talking points, logistical information, attendee bios, etc.);
• Monitors the Member's incoming telephone calls in a telephone log, takes
messages, and returns calls as requested;
• Work with Member to maintain some ﬁles, including all travel receipts, relevant
correspondence, acknowledgements and thank you letters.
• Along with rest of staP, acts as a liaison for constituents and other individuals when
they visit the Member;
• Along with rest of staP, acts as a liaison between the Member and other Members,
committee staP, White House, and government oPices and agencies to arrange for
the Member's attendance at meetings or to coordinate travel plans;
• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction; and
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the oPice.
Requirements & Qualifications:
• Exceptional research, writing, and editing skills are essential.
• Familiarity with IQ is a plus.
• Previous Hill experience is required.
• Florida ties are preferred.
APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, a cover
letter, and three references (including name, current title and organization, phone
number, email, and relationship to the reference) to FL25Resume@mail.house.gov,
with the following subject line: “Full Name – Scheduler.”
If interested, please apply by Tuesday, July 21, 2026. Applications will be reviewed on
a rolling basis.

Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status,
sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.

MEM-225-26
Congressman Glenn Ivey has an immediate need to hire an experienced Caseworker for
the Landover District OPice in a full-time capacity. Interested candidates are encouraged
to submit a resume and cover letter by July 30, 2026. Once the application period closes,
the oPice will contact the best-qualiﬁed candidates to begin our interview process.
Job Expectations:
The Caseworker plays an important role by serving as a liaison to the federal government
on behalf of the Member’s constituents. The Caseworker will handle a portfolio of issue
areas, including but not limited to Social Security, OPM, Immigration, and IRS on behalf of
the Member. The Caseworker will also work closely with the District Chief of StaP, other
caseworkers and the outreach team to provide outstanding service to the Member’s
constituents. The Caseworker is also responsible for answering casework correspondence
and verbal communications with constituents. Occasional evening and weekend work
hours and occasional travel throughout the district may be required
Salary Level/Range: $50,000-$60,000 commensurate with experience
Job Duties:
• Serves as a liaison with federal government entities for individual constituent
concerns
• Monitors casework trends to provide updates to the Member and District Chief
• Prepares incoming and outgoing constituent casework to manage casework in
assigned areas of expertise
• Maintains accurate and complete ﬁles on all assigned casework to keep track of all
casework progress
• Screens and monitors cases to determine if referring the case to other government
entities is appropriate
• Answers casework correspondence, meets with constituents, and serves as a
liaison with federal, state, and local authorities to act as the representative for the
Member within their areas of responsibility
• Attends community meetings and supports public events
• Writes responses to constituent letters relating to casework to answer questions or
inform them of case progress
• Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an ePicient and ePective manner

Featured Skills:
• Attention to Detail: Performs work thoroughly and accurately; acts conscientiously
when attending to detail.
• Constituent/Stakeholder Service-Driven: Anticipates and meets constituents'
needs. Delivers high-quality products and services.
• Interpersonal Skills: Develops and maintains ePective relationships with others
from diverse backgrounds and in diPerent situations. Shows understanding,
courtesy, tact, empathy, and politeness.
Teamwork: Encourages and facilitates cooperation, pride, trust, and group identity. Fosters
commitment and team spirit; works with others to achieve goals.
Written Communication: Writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing manner for
the intended audience.
Preferences:
• Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
• Social Work degree or similar strongly preferred
• Prior experience working for federal, state, or local government, especially related to
casework, is preferred
• Experience handling sensitive information and maintaining conﬁdentiality is
preferred
• Ties to Maryland’s Fourth District
• Bilingual proﬁciency (Spanish)
• Access to personal transportation
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and a one
page writing sample as a single PDF titled Full Name-Caseworker by 6 pm on July 30,
2026, to md04resumes@gmail.com
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national
origin.

MEM-224-26
Representative Raúl Ruiz, M.D. is a Senior Member of the Energy and Commerce
Committee and former Chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus. The Office of
Representative Ruiz seeks a Legislative Assistant to lead a portfolio focused on health
policy and other issues as assigned in his Washington, D.C. office. The Legislative
Assistant will support the Congressman’s work on the Energy and Commerce Committee’s

Subcommittee on Health. This is not an entry-level position. Salary is commensurate with
experience; the office offers competitive and comprehensive benefits.
The Legislative Assistant will work closely with the Legislative Director and Chief of StaP to
develop and execute a coordinated legislative strategy across health and assigned issue
areas. The ideal candidate is highly motivated, detail-oriented, and able to work under
pressure while meeting deadlines in a fast-paced environment. Candidates with ties to
California are encouraged to apply.
Qualiﬁcations
Ideal candidates will have:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

A bachelor’s degree or equivalent relevant experience.
Either 2–3 years of Capitol Hill experience or relevant health policy experience.
Strong written and oral communication skills, including demonstrated ability to draft
legislation, amendments, talking points, brieﬁng materials, and memoranda.
Familiarity with the congressional committee process, including preparation for and
staPing of hearings and markups.
Knowledge of federal health policy, including issues within the jurisdiction of the
Energy and Commerce Committee’s Subcommittee on Health.
Demonstrated ability to manage a legislative portfolio and develop proactive policy
strategy in coordination with leadership staP.
Ability to work collaboratively with communications and district teams and to
engage ePectively with constituent groups, advocacy organizations, and agency
oPicials.
Strong attention to detail and the ability to manage competing priorities in a fastpaced environment.
California ties are a plus.

Responsibilities
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Lead the Congressman’s legislative portfolio on health policy and other assigned
issue areas.
Support the Congressman’s work on the Energy and Commerce Committee’s
Subcommittee on Health, including preparing for and staPing committee hearings
and markups.
Work with the Legislative Director and Chief of StaP to develop and execute a
coordinated health care legislative strategy.
Draft legislation, amendments, and cosponsor recruitment materials.
Write talking points, brieﬁng materials, and memoranda pertaining to assigned issue
areas.
Monitor policy developments across the assigned portfolio and proactively ﬂag
emerging issues for leadership.

•
•
•

Work closely with the communications and district teams to advance the
Congressman’s health policy priorities.
Interact with key constituent groups and stakeholders, including patient advocates,
health care providers, insurers, and federal agency oPicials.
Perform additional duties as assigned by the Legislative Director and Chief of StaP.

How To Apply
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with
“Legislative Assistant: Last Name” as the subject line to
CA25resumes@mail.house.gov
Equal Opportunity Statement
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military
status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable
accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to
request an accommodation at any time during those processes.

MEM-222-26
Congresswoman Val Hoyle (D-OR-04) seeks a self-starting, highly experienced, and
creative Communications Director to join her Washington, D.C. office and lead a fastpaced communications team. The ideal candidate will have familiarity with national press,
the House franking process, and will work closely with the Deputy Chief of Staff/Legislative
Director, District Director, and report to the Chief of Staff to set the Congresswomen’s
messaging priorities. This position will be the direct supervisor of the Digital Manager/Press
Assistant and any press interns. This is not an entry-level position.
Essential Job Functions Required
• Develops and implements strategic communications plans for the oPice, including
working closely with the legislative team to develop media strategies to roll out
legislation, send letters, and make other major announcements
• Successfully and consistently pitches the Congresswoman to both local and
national TV, radio, and print media
• Helps plan and staPs DC- and district-based events such as press conferences,
tele-townhalls, and roundtables, etc.
• Prepares for, brief, and staPs the Congresswoman for media interviews, press
conferences, roundtables, and other engagements;
• Drafts talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds and other materials, as
necessary, and in the Congresswoman’s voice;
• Speaks on background with reporters and act as a media liaison for the
Congresswoman;

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Helps manage social media presence, this includes drafting social media copy,
clipping interviews, and creating graphics to circulate across platforms;
Maintains and updates oPice website to ensure that it features timely content;
Serves as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
Develops and implements media, communications, and public relations strategy for
the Member;
Oversees digital media, website and other communications consultant;
Remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Member may be questioned;
Evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the nation for their
impact on the Member;
Provides ideas and advice on the ePect in the media of the Member's actions and
legislative activities;
Creates oPicial digital ads and other graphics;
Writes speeches for the Member;
Meets attendance requirements as established by the oPice;
Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staP, media, and
constituents;
Works well under pressure and handles stress;
Supervises Press Secretary and any assigned Press Interns;
Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
Works a ﬂexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
Performs other duties as assigned.

Qualifications/Skills
• Exceptionally strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
• Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media;
• Understanding of House franking process and regulations;
• Experience with digital communications, including paid ads and analytics reports;
• Background in graphic design, including graphics, videos, CANVA or Adobe Suite
preferred;
• Experience developing communication strategy for a Member of Congress, an
elected oPicial, a federal agency, or a private or non-proﬁt organization;
• Expertise in advising others on a communication strategy and ability to work well on
a team;
• Able to make split-second decisions and develop communications under tight
deadlines;
• Strategic thinker, politically savvy and comfortable navigating diPicult situations
with press and staP; and
• Time management skills, ability to work under pressure, and comfortable balancing
multiple responsibilities at once.

This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, marital status, parental status, military status, or any other
factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Qualified candidates should submit a
resume and cover letter.
Working Conditions
•
•
•

Work is performed in an office environment. A hybrid work arrangement involving
telecommuting may also be approved, consistent with the needs of the office.
Noise levels in the office are usually moderate.
Ability to work in a small workstation without expectation of privacy.

Education/Experience
At least three-years of political and/or communications experience with strong academic
credentials. Alternatively, four-years of related experience or training in communications
or equivalent similar experience. Experience working in Congress is preferred.
The Office is accepting resumes and will review them on a rolling basis. Please have
them send a resume and cover letter to resumes.hoyle@mail.house.gov with the
subject line: Communications Director Opening. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-219-26
Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) is seeking a highly motivated and collaborative
Senior Advisor to join his Jersey City, New Jersey office. Title and salary are
commensurate with experience.
This position is responsible for supporting the day-to-day operations of the district office;
leading strategic outreach initiatives across the district; developing solutions to address
the most pressing issues impacting residents; and fostering cross-departmental
collaboration to advance priorities and strengthen relationships with community
stakeholders. The position also provides support across the district office as needed,
assisting with additional priorities and responsibilities to ensure the office operates
effectively. Many of these essential job functions must be performed in-person.
The ideal candidate is passionate about serving New Jersey’s 8th Congressional District
and thrives in a dynamic, mission-driven environment. They enjoy designing and executing
initiatives that achieve meaningful outcomes for the district and its residents. The ideal
candidate is proactive, results oriented, highly organized, and able to manage multiple
priorities while maintaining strong attention to detail. This position works collaboratively
with the District Director and the other department leads while reporting to the Chief of
Staff. Fluency in Spanish is a plus.

Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume, and up to
three references in one PDF document to nj08hiring@gmail.com with the following
subject line: “Full Name – Senior Advisor.”
This is a full-time position. This office offers benefits including competitive options for
health, dental, vision, and life insurance; retirement match; and student loan repayment.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex (including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, disability, pregnancy, genetic information, military status, or
any other legally protected characteristic. Applicants with disabilities who require
reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes are
encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.

MEM-218-26
Southern California Democratic Member is seeking an experienced Staff Assistant for the
Washington, DC office in a full-time capacity. The Staff Assistant will be expected to drive
the Member to and from official activities, manage the front desk during office hours,
handle all tour requests, fulfill flag requests, collaborate with the district office on the
office’s mail program, and assist the DC office staff with work as assigned. Staff Assistants
often provide the first impression of the office to constituents, guests, and other VIPs. The
ideal candidate should have excellent attention to detail, a strong work ethic and
exceptional written communication skills, an eagerness to learn and grow within the office,
and a desire to be part of a highly-collaborative, high-achieving team. The position is full
time with federal benefits, including student loan repayment program (if eligible) and
transit or parking benefits.
Job Duties:
• Drives the Member to and from oPicial activities
• Provides a welcoming environment and positive ﬁrst impression of the oPice to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs
• Handles incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness
• Captures input from constituents on policy matters for the Member oPice’s
consideration and response
• Oversees constituent correspondence through the approval pipeline - from intern
draft to staP approval to Member approval
• Works closely with the Member’s Scheduler to ensure appointments are on time
• Organizes and manages tasks for constituents to include ﬂag requests, providing
tours of the Capitol, and arranging visits to other national landmarks
• And other duties as assigned

Requirements:
• A driver license in good standing with the DMV of their state of residence
• Exceptional communication skills written and verbal correspondence
• EPective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the oPice required
• Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staP members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
required
• Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
Please email resume and cover letter to southernCAdem@gmail.com with “Staff
Assistant [Applicant’s First and Last Name]” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins
please.

MEM-216-26

POSITION OPENING: DISTRICT DIRECTOR
District Office | Reports to the Chief of Staff | Full-Time, Exempt
About the Office
A New Jersey Congressman is seeking a motivated District Director to run his multiple
District offices spanning from the George Washington Bridge in the east to the
Pennsylvania border in the west. The district is home to a thriving health care and life
sciences sector, advanced manufacturers, farmers, thousands of small businesses, and
more than 26,000 veterans.
The office is built around a relentless commitment to constituent service, lowering costs
for Jersey Families, and delivering results through bipartisan problem-solving. We are
looking for a District Director who shares that commitment and can lead our district
operation with energy, discipline, and heart.
Summary
The District Director is essential to leading the strategy, direction, and implementation of
the Member's vision across Northern Jersey in partnership with the legislative and
communications teams. This position is responsible for overseeing the effective delivery of
immediate and long-term constituent services, outreach development, grants delivery,
and stakeholder engagement. The District Director represents the Member at events and
meetings throughout the district and serves as a liaison to federal, state, and local
government entities, as well as community stakeholders.
This position oversees district office operations, the Member's district schedule, the
assignment of responsibilities, and staff performance, and manages a team of up to six
staff members. The role requires excellence in coalition building, interpersonal
communication, written and oral communication, community engagement, and staff and

project management. The District Director serves as the Member's senior staffer in the
district, reports to the Chief of Staff, and works closely with the Legislative Director and
Communications Director.
Essential Job Functions
• Leadership and Team Management
• Leads and manages the district team to carry out the Member's vision and priorities.
• Directly supervises up to eight employees in accordance with oPice policy and
applicable laws.
• Sets staP expectations and ensures compliance with high oPice standards,
policies, and protocols.
• Builds staPing capacity by interviewing, hiring, and training district oPice
employees.
• Handles formal staP evaluations, appraises performance, and provides
constructive feedback.
• Directs district ePorts by assigning projects and providing guidance for
implementation.
• Constituent Services, Outreach, and Grants
• Oversees the Outreach, Constituent Services, and Casework teams to ensure their
ePorts align with the Member's strategic vision, goals, and priorities.
• Guides the Outreach Liaison and team in developing, implementing, and evaluating
the district strategic outreach plan to maximize the Member's exposure and
community engagement.
• Guides the Constituent Services and Casework teams to secure timely and
accessible resources and services for constituents.
• Advocates for constituent and stakeholder needs with federal, state, and local
agencies.
• Ensures the ePective implementation of district roundtables, town halls, meetings,
tours, corridor walks, and similar engagements.
• Stakeholder and Intergovernmental Relations
• Represents the Member and meets with groups and stakeholders on the Member's
behalf.
• Serves as the lead to the New Jersey Congressional Delegation oPices, as well as
other federal, state, and local government partners, for joint local ePorts.
• Acts as a liaison to stakeholders, coalitions, constituents, and government agencies
to develop and maintain ePective, positive relationships.
• Identiﬁes and maintains strong partnership opportunities with coalition and crossjurisdictional oPices.
• Meets regularly with stakeholders to gather insight and recommendations on
constituent services, policy development, and community impact.
• Coordination with the Washington Team
• Collaborates with Washington, D.C. staP to ensure district priorities, needs, and
relevant updates inform the Member's legislative and communications strategy.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Works in partnership with the Communications Team to promote district ePorts and
relevant news, and to inform website, mail, and digital content.
Works in partnership with the Legislative Team to guide community-based policy
development and facilitate information sharing across oPices.
Drives annual district goals in collaboration with the Member and district team.
Operations, Planning, and Reporting
Approves and guides the process for district-related written materials, including
event proposals, talking points, memos, guides, resources, social media, and ﬂyers.
Oversees the Intern program and works in partnership to review and approve staP
scheduling requests, stakeholder invitations, oPice purchases, security plans, and
district operations.
Guides the district team to build out a yearly calendar of events, workshops,
trainings, satellite hours, and staPing.
Prepares periodic reports for the Chief of StaP and Member with updates on district
ePorts (at minimum, mid-year and end-of-year).
Understands and navigates diPering perspectives to resolve conﬂicts and develop
solutions.
Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staP, stakeholders, and
constituents, and undertakes other duties as needed.

Education and Experience
• At least four years of leadership, staP management, or supervisory experience in
government, civic engagement, campaigns, non-proﬁt, policy, or community
outreach.
• At least one year of experience in a government oPice or agency at any level of
government is strongly preferred.
• A post-secondary degree is not required, but is preferred.
• Familiarity with Northern Jersey communities, stakeholders, and local government
is a signiﬁcant plus.
• Proﬁciency in an additional language spoken across the district, such as Spanish or
Korean, is a plus.
Skills and Knowledge Required
• Ability to perform the essential job functions above, and a demonstrated willingness
to take initiative.
• Knowledge of House, legislative, and communications operations, and
demonstrated political acumen, a plus.
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Strong leadership and organizational skills to motivate and manage a district team.
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant,
and professional manner.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁlling casework
responsibilities, outreach ePorts, and stakeholder engagement.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Experience handling sensitive information and maintaining conﬁdentiality.
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
Understanding of oPice policies, practices, and procedures.
Thorough knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments.
Understanding of the issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
Ability to capture, analyze, and synthesize large amounts of information.
Proﬁciency with standard oPice computer applications.

Working Conditions
• Duties require work during regular oPice hours, as well as some nights and
weekends.
• Employee must be able to drive and hold a valid driver's license (driving self and
Member as needed).
• Employee must be able to work in a moderately noisy and crowded environment
without an expectation of privacy.
• Travels throughout the district at regular intervals to stay abreast of local concerns
(at least half of working hours).
• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction.
How to Apply
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to
Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “District Director.” Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis until the position is filled. No phone calls, please.
Equal Employment Opportunity
The employer is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex (including sexual orientation, gender identity, or pregnancy),
national origin, age, disability, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by
applicable law. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged

MEM-215-26
Communications Director - Office of Congresswoman McClain Delaney
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Office of Congresswoman McClain Delaney seeks an experienced, energetic, and
creative Communications Director to lead a dynamic communications operation in a fastpaced, proactive, and collaborative office. This position will help develop and execute a
comprehensive communications strategy that advances the Member’s legislative
priorities, highlights constituent services, elevates district voices and issues, and
strengthens local and national media connections. This is not an entry level position and
requires availability on nights and weekends.

CORE JOB DUTIES:
• Collaborate closely with the Congresswoman, Digital Director, and Senior StaP to
craft cohesive and engaging messaging across platforms.
• Collaborate with staP to ensure innovative, ePective communication of policy
initiatives and constituent services.
• Develop social media content creation, including rapid response and support digital
media ePorts.
• Write and edit a range of content, including speeches, newsletters, public
statements, talking points, and op-eds.
• Oversee a robust franking operation, including newsletters, 499s and mailers, eblasts, and other constituent communications.
• Stay up to date on local and national current events and legislation relevant to the
Member and district priorities; provide media analysis and strategic counsel to the
Member and staP on messaging.
• Assist the Member and Senior StaP in other projects and duties as assigned.
QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL HAVE:
• Capitol Hill experience or a demonstrated knowledge of Congress and the
legislative process. 3-5 years of experience in political, campaign, and/or advocacy
communications.
• Proven track record of managing creative or comms teams in high-pressure, highproﬁle environments.
• Creativity and an understanding of traditional communications and digital media.
• Ability to build structure in a fast-paced environment; possess strong project
management and organizational skills; adapt quickly for rapid response.
• Superior writing, editing, and oral communications skills.
• A good sense of humor!
SALARY AND BENEFITS:
$95,000-$115,000 annually. Compensation is commensurate with experience.
Additionally, the Office provides a robust benefits package.
TO APPLY:
Please submit ONE ATTACHMENT that includes a cover letter including salary
requirements; resume; two writing samples; and one digital work sample to
MD06.jobs@gmail.com with the subject line “COMMS DIRECTOR - Name.”
This office is an equal opportunity employer; the office does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual
orientation, age, disability, or military status, or any other characteristic protected by
applicable law.

MEM-214-26
Western Conservative Member seeks an energetic and proactive Press
Assistant/Secretary with excellent writing skills to serve in the Member's Washington,
D.C., office. The candidate will work directly with the Member, Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief
of Staff, and Legislative team to communicate the Member's policy goals and drive a
cohesive message.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Working with key staP to develop and implement a comprehensive communications
and media strategy that promotes the Member's policies and priorities.
• Drafting press releases, speeches, e-newsletters, talking points, and other
messaging as assigned.
• Managing all social media channels, including the oPicial website, and creating
digital content.
• Assisting the Chief of StaP and Deputy Chief of StaP with the Member's franked
communications portfolio, including tele-town halls, newsletters, targeted emails,
and mailers.
• Pitching and ﬁelding a high volume of press requests to engage the media in the
Member's activities.
• Building relationships with local and national reporters to book the Member for
media appearances.
• Assisting in preparing the Member for all interviews (including TV, radio, and print)
and other public appearances.
• Compiling daily press clips for distribution to oPice staP.
Exceptional writing, editing, and proofreading skills are required. Western ties and prior
experience on Capitol Hill are preferred but not required. The position is based in the
Washington, D.C., office. Title and compensation are commensurate with experience.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples and references to Ally Hibben
at ally.hibben@mail.house.gov with the Subject Line: Full Name, Press Assistant
Candidate

MEM-212-26
Congresswoman Madeleine Dean (PA-04) seeks an experienced, proactive
Communications Director. This full-time position is based in the Washington, D.C. office.
The position requires some travel to the district to support media relations and press
events.
This senior staff position is responsible for managing and overseeing the communications
shop, including building a strategic mass communications plan, managing other

press/digital staff, and ensuring an active presence in messaging to constituents and
stakeholders with traditional and non-traditional press and communications. Additionally,
this position will work with the Deputy Communications Director to manage day-to-day
communications such as drafting press releases, media advisories, op-eds, statements,
talking points, speeches, and other forms of communication, as needed. The
Communications Director is responsible for developing and executing press conferences
on core messaging and should have an ability to build press lists and maintain national and
local press relationships to pitch stories and bookings.
An ideal candidate will understand the legislative process and franking, be a strong writer,
and have a friendly and professional demeanor and an ability to exercise political savvy
and discretion. Ties to Pennsylvania are a plus.
Job Duties:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Works with the Communications team to develop and implement media and
communications strategy for the Member; including franked communications;
Pitches national and local media and organizes and coordinates events with the
media;
Manages the day-to-day press operations and outreach in the Washington DC
office, including additional members of the communications team;
Serves as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
Updates and expands national and local press relationships;
Drafts speeches, press releases, talking points, media advisories, op-eds, and
statements for the Member;
Executes any relevant press conferences or press events;
Thinks creatively about engagement with traditional and new media;
Manages rapid response communications;
Other duties as assigned.

Requirements:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Experience developing communication strategy and branding for a Member of
Congress, elected official, federal agency, private, and/or non-profit organization;
Able to make split-second decisions and develop communications under tight
deadlines;
Politically savvy and comfortable navigating difficult situations with press and staff;
Strong written and verbal communication skills;
Expertise in advising others on a communication strategy and ability to work well on
a team;
Time management skills, ability to work under pressure, and comfort balancing
multiple responsibilities at once;
Ability to collaborate with issue experts and other coworkers;

•
•

Experience building and maintaining relationships with members of local and
national press;
The position requires the flexibility to work long hours, including nights and
weekends.

Preferences:
•
•
•

Bachelor’s degree in communications, government, political science, English, or
related field;
Journalistic experience;
A demonstrated interest in public service.

Salary commensurate with experience.
To Apply:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, writing sample, and
references to PA04applications@gmail.com with the subject line “Communications
Director - [applicant’s last name]”
The application deadline is 7/15/26. The office will contact the best qualified
candidates to begin our interview process on a rolling basis. Please, no phone calls or
drop ins.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Candidates of diverse
backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-209-26
Congresswoman Emilia Sykes seeks a Communications Director to serve in her
Washington, D.C. office. Candidates must be proactive, possess superior written and oral
communication skills, boast excellent leadership qualities, and be able to execute a
robust communications strategy.
This is not an entry-level position. Only candidates with prior political or legislative
communications experience will be considered.
Primary responsibilities:
• Creating and executing a robust communications plan;
• Establishing and maintaining relationships with Ohio, national, and D.C.-based
media;
• Advancing press events and staPing the Member as needed, including occasional
night and weekend commitments;
• Drafting and distributing press releases, statements, and media advisories;

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Creating, editing, and strategically placing op-eds;
Overseeing the development of social media content creation, including rapid
response;
Managing a franked communications plan including text messages, e-newsletters,
digital ads, radio ads, 499s, mailers, etc;
Pitching to reporters and producers, responding to press inquiries, and serving as
the main point-of-contact for media;
Updating the website as needed;
Managing the Press Secretary; and
Performing other duties as assigned.

Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equalopportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
To apply, please send a resume, three references, and two writing samples in one pdf
to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: Full Name –
Communications Director.

MEM-208-26
The Office of Congressman Joaquin Castro (TX-20) seeks a creative Digital Manager/
Director to join his fast-paced three-person communications team. The candidate will
work closely with the Member, Communications Director, and Press & Digital Assistant to
carry out the Office’s digital media strategy. The ideal candidate has a passion for digital
communications and a proven track record of creating compelling content.
Job Responsibilities:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Work with the communications team to develop and implement the oPice’s digital
content strategy.
Produce timely content tied to legislative activity, hearings, press conferences, and
key policy and news moments.
Pitch and coordinate with creators and new media to schedule interviews, direct-tocameras, and other digital opportunities.
Track digital performance metrics and recommend growth strategies.
Clip TV appearances, ﬂoor speeches, and other video content for social media.
Draft newsletters paid digital ads, and other franked materials.
Draft scripts, talking points, and speeches for videos, livestreams, and DTCs.
Monitor news and social media to identify emerging news developments.
Manage and maintain the OPice’s oPicial website, digital technology, and digital
archives.

•
•

StaPing events (press conferences, interviews, podcasts, etc.).
Other communications and oPice-related tasks as needed.

Preferred Qualifications:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Ability to craft compelling digital content across formats and platforms.
Proﬁciency in video editing and graphic design using Canva, Adobe Premiere Pro, or
equivalent tools.
Deep familiarity with major platforms, creator networks, and emerging trends.
Detail-oriented, proactive, and comfortable working in a fast-paced environment.
Strong organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple projects, priorities,
and deadlines.
Spanish language proﬁciency is preferred. This is not an entry-level position and
occasionally requires working nights and weekends. Position based out of
Washington, DC, or San Antonio, Texas.

To Apply:
To apply, please email Castro.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Digital – [Name]” in
the subject line and the following application materials attached as one combined
PDF.
Cover Letter
Resume
One Writing Sample
One Digital/Creative Sample
We will consider applicants on a rolling basis.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-207-26
The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include assisting the
technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining the Committee’s website;
answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee
correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; and
entering data and navigating databases with accuracy. This is a non-partisan position
which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally and refrain from
political or partisan activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a
professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and
Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good

judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily
tasks and projects. This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $55,420 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE.

MEM-200-26
The Legislative Director serves as the Member’s chief policy advisor and leader of the
office’s Legislative Team. The Legislative Director’s primary responsibilities are to manage
the Legislative Team, advise the Member on legislation, and direct the development of
policy positions and legislative initiatives.
Requirements:
• The position is based in the Washington, DC oPice. Regular, predictable
attendance is required for performance of duties, including in-person supervision of
legislative staP and providing rapid response to urgent legislative issues.
• Has strong expertise, strategic judgment, leadership skills, and a working
knowledge of Capitol Hill.
• Ability to communicate ePectively with the Member and staP, members of the
public, representatives from other oPices, outside organizations, and others.
• Ability to attend in-person meetings with constituents and stakeholders.
• Ability to represent the Member in-person including speaking on behalf of the oPice
and participating in discussions regarding legislative strategy.
• Frequently engage in public-facing interactions with Members of Congress and their
staPs; political, industry, government, and state leaders; and members of the
public, including constituents.
• Ability to work long and unpredictable hours, weekends and holidays, as needed.
• Travels as necessary for performance of duties. Driver’s license strongly preferred.
• Ability to prioritize and perform duties under pressure in a fast-paced environment.
• Regularly use typical oPice equipment, software programs, and methods of
communication, including, for example, a computer, email, telephone, smartphone,
photocopier, etc.
Duties:
• Ensures that the Legislative Team is properly focused on the Member's legislative and
policy goals.
• Handles long-term and short-term legislative planning for the Member.
Recommends strategies and tactics on bills and positions. Works with the Member,
Chief of StaP, and Legislative Assistants to formulate positions on legislative issues.

•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•

Manages, trains, supervises, and assigns areas of responsibility
to the Legislative Team. Assigns tasks, sets deadlines, and establishes workﬂows for
the Legislative Team.
Directs legislative staP meetings.
Reviews, provides feedback, and approves legislative actions, letters,
memos, and constituent correspondence.
Provides technical analysis of pending legislation, legislative developments
on policy issues; recommends strategies and tactics on bills and amendments; and
maintains up-to-date status reports on legislation.
Crafts vote recommendations for the Member’s consideration on a regular basis and
reports legislative activity to the Member and Chief of StaP.
Drafts bills and amendments. Drafts memos to the Member and staP on policy topics,
relevant issues, and recommended actions.
Identiﬁes oversight opportunities related to federal programs and agencies.
With respect to hearings, coordinates the preparation of witness lists, drafts
background memos and questions for witnesses, edits transcripts, and ensures that
relevant materials are submitted for the hearing record.
Advises and assists the Member during House ﬂoor debate, including preparing ﬂoor
statements, talking points, and rebuttals to opposing arguments.
Acts as a liaison with Committees, House and Senate staP, government agencies, and
outside groups. Negotiates with staP from other oPices and agencies regarding
amendments and other legislative developments.
Engages with constituents, stakeholder groups, and other parties. Builds and
maintains relationships with constituents, advocacy organizations, federal agencies,
and industry stakeholders. Meets with constituents and outside groups.
Tracks constituent concerns and integrates feedback into policy strategy.
Attends brieﬁngs, hearings, and stakeholder events on behalf of the oPice.
Identiﬁes, develops, and proposes opportunities to advance the Member’s priorities.
Coordinates with Communications Team on press releases, op-eds, talking points.
Coordinates with the Operations Team on scheduling and long-term planning.
Coordinates with the District oPice team on stakeholder outreach, policy/casework
crossover, federal grants, and other projects. Provides information about policy and
activity in Washington, DC.
Completes projects assigned by the Member and Chief of StaP.

Standards of Excellence:
• Preforms all duties of the LD role.
• Develops a positive reputation (for oneself and the Member) amongst internal and
external stakeholders
• Develops an organic understanding and comprehensive knowledge of issues within
our portfolio.
• Has comprehensive knowledge of the Congressional District

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Participates in professional development activities.
Provides deliverables accurately and meets deadlines.
Pays close attention to detail.
Conducts oneself professionally.
Is ready and willing to assist other members of the Legislative Team and oPice staP.
Creatively solves problems.
Thinks of new ideas.
Builds relationships with Congressional staP and stakeholders.

Interested applicants may submit their resume and cover letter
to FloodHiring@mail.house.gov.

MEM-196-26
Congressman Ro Khanna’s office in Washington, DC has an immediate opening for an
Operations Assistant help manage office operations, help drive and staff the member in
Washington, DC (including occasional evenings and weekends), manage the DC intern
program and work closely with the member, management, and the scheduling team on
office operations, and other administrative duties for the office.
This is a non-supervisory, exempt position. The starting salary is $71,000 per year. The
application process may include several interviews and a practical test of relevant skills.
There is one current job vacancy, and the office has the right to fill any number of positions
vacant or becoming vacant during the life of postings.
Successful candidates are consummate team players, strong writers, adept at making
sound judgment calls and thinking quickly at a moment’s notice, and being exceptionally
organized self-starters. It is preferred that candidates have a valid driver’s license, daily
access to a vehicle, and a good driving record.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Perform administrative duties that facilitate logistical operations, such as
overseeing equipment and supplies, assisting with oPice administration, as well
as answering phones, logging calls and helping to serve walk-in constituents.
Drive and staP the member in Washington, DC (including occasional evenings and
weekends),
Work with fellow staP members on a variety of tasks and projects that directly
beneﬁt our constituents.
Anticipate and stay up to date on schedule changes/obstacles and help
communicate them to Rep. Khanna and staP.
Special project coordination and helping the team manage events hosted by the
Congressman, such as issues-based forums and roundtable meetings.
Lead the oPice’s intern program and train and mentor student interns.
Assist the communications team with clipping TV appearances, committee

•

hearings, and other video content for social media and with maintaining press
lists.
Assist the legislative team with memos, research, and bill recommendations.

EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE): A bachelor’s degree with strong academic
credentials, or equivalent experience/training in legislation or public service (e.g.,
casework, constituent service, community outreach) is required.

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

:

Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others (both co-workers and
constituents). Past customer service experience is strongly preferred.
Strong oral and written communication skills, as well as public speaking experience.
Professional telephone manner and temperament to communicate with a
variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
Familiarity with video editing and social media platforms.
Thoroughness, organizational skills, and careful attention to detail.
Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulﬁllment of casework
responsibilities.
Knowledge of oPice policies, practices, and procedures; oPice computer
applications; and proﬁciency in word processing.

WORK CONDITIONS, SCHEDULE and BENEFITS
•
•
•
•

•

:

The Operations Assistant is a represented position, eligible to join the
Congressional Workers Union.
The Operations Assistant reports to the Chief of StaP.
Work is mainly performed in an oPice environment. Noise levels are usually low
to moderate. StaP may have small workstations.
Work schedule: The Washington, DC oPice functions on a hybrid basis, with each
staP member expected to be present when needed to staP the Congressman and
take meetings. In addition, staP are expected to be monitoring for any scheduling
issues that could arise outside of normal work hours. Commensurate ﬂex time
(time oP during the week) within proscribed standards will be granted upon
request.
Beneﬁts: StaP currently accrue 1.25 days of annual leave per month, which totals
15 days per year (6 of which may be carried over to the following year). 15 annual
Sick/Mental Health Days are granted at the start of each year. Flex time is also
allowed for necessities such as emergencies, medical appointments, short-term
needs, etc. Other beneﬁts include the opportunity to participate in group health
insurance, retirement savings, a potential annual bonus, etc.

TO APPLY: The Office of U.S. Congressman Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer;
we do not discriminate based on race, color, religion or lack thereof, national origin, sex,
gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital or family status, disability, arrest history,
military service, organizing activity, or any ground that is specifically prohibited by law or
regulation applicable to the Office; all are welcome and encouraged to apply. Note that all
successful candidates must meet citizenship-related requirements and undergo a security
check. Please e-mail a cover letter, brief writing sample and resume to
ca17jobs@gmail.com

MEM-187-26
The District Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark (MA-05) is accepting applicants
for the position of Staff Assistant/Military & Veterans Constituent Service
Representative.
This position is responsible for a wide range of outreach, relationship management, event
coordination, and correspondence. We’re looking for someone who is personable, has
great judgment, is quick on their feet and ready to seize opportunities (or create them). The
ideal candidate is efficient but highly detail oriented, is a strong written and oral
communicator, and has access to a vehicle.
Essential Job Functions Required:
• Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman within their area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
• Manages mail operations, maintains administrative ﬁles, and coordinates oPice
supply re-orders;
• Hosts periodic oPice hours at varied locations for constituents throughout the
district;
• Leads process for military service academy nominations, planning outreach to
interested students, reviewing applications, and providing recommendations to
Congresswoman;
• Answers constituent calls, refers cases, and assists in internship supervision;
• Informs the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in their
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
• Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal oPicials and other persons or groups to
form ePective relationships for the Congresswoman;
• Manages casework portfolio as assigned and acts as liaison with constituents to
ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner; and
• Performs other duties as assigned.

This is a full-time position. Office staff are currently working in person, remotely, or in a
hybrid model depending on the needs of the office.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ+ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing samples to:
Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov. All material will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

