Member and Committee Openings
Week of January 20, 2026
MEM-016-26
The Office of U.S. Representative Shomari C. Figures (AL-2) seeks a highly organized,
creative, and team-oriented Press Secretary & Digital Manager to execute a fast-paced
and dynamic communications plan. The Press Secretary & Digital Manager will play a
critical part in shaping, branding, and maintaining the public image of the Congressman,
requiring a combination of strategic thinking, strong digital skills, and the ability to be
creative and thrive under pressure. This position reports to the Deputy Chief of
Staff/Communications Director and is based in the Washington, DC office. This is not an
entry-level position.
Responsibilities include:
• Drafting written materials, including press releases, remarks, speeches, enewsletters, talking points, and social media content
• Pitching and coordinating press interviews, managing press inquiries, and building
and maintaining District and national press relationships
• Collaborating with the Legislative and District Office teams
to proactively identify and execute message events and opportunities
that elevate Congressman’s work to residents of the 2nd District
• Staffing and supporting logistics for the Congressman's interviews, press
conferences, and other public-facing events, both virtual and in-person
• Planning, managing, and creating content for Congressman’s social media
platforms, the website, and e-newsletter
• Capturing and maintaining a database of video and photos of the Congressman
• Staying informed about relevant current events in the 2nd District and across the
country and advising on messaging strategy across key priority issue areas
including, but not limited to agriculture, transportation, infrastructure, civil rights,
and education
• Compiling daily press clips and managing a robust media monitoring and reporting
process
• Maintaining local, national, and specialty media press lists
Skills and experience required:

•
•
•
•
•
•

Previous experience on Capitol Hill and of 3-5 years of relevant experience
in communications
Exceptional writing, editing, and organizational skills; knowledge of AP style and
communications best practices
Understanding of the digital media landscape and graphic design, photography, and
video editing skills
Deep familiarity with social media platforms (i.e., Facebook, Instagram, Twitter,
BlueSky, YouTube) and CRMs, including IQ
Ability to exercise discretion in the representation of the Congressman
Ability to work well under pressure and for long hours as needed

The planned salary for this position is $65,000 with a competitive benefits
package. Alabama state and/or district ties are a plus. Qualified candidates should include
a resume, cover letter, a writing sample, and a sample of social media content in their
application. Please send complete applications
to AL02Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Press Secretary & Digital Manager” in the
subject line. No calls or office drop-ins, please.

MEM-015-26
Office of Congresswoman Debbie Dingell Communications Director Job Posting
Congresswoman Debbie Dingell (MI-06) seeks an experienced, creative, and highly
motivated Communications Director to lead the office’s fast-paced communications
operations.
The Communications Director will lead the development and execution of a
comprehensive strategy encompassing national and local press, digital and new media,
and franking. Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

developing and maintaining relationships with reporters and producers,
drafting press releases, talking points, speeches, and op-eds,
identifying opportunities for proactive media outreach,
responding to press inquiries, serving as on-the-record spokesperson,
coordinating, preparing for, and staffing TV interviews and public speaking events,
developing and implementing franked media plan,
overseeing all digital operations, managing a DC-based Digital Director and districtbased Digital Assistant.

The Communications Director will work collaboratively with legislative and district staff
and closely with the Member.

This is a senior-level position. The ideal candidate will possess strong written and oral
communications skills and the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced setting. They will
have at least 2-4 years of experience as a press secretary, communications director, or
similar communications role. Salary is commensurate with experience.
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, two writing
samples, and references to dingell.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Communications Director - [Name]” The office will contact the best qualified candidates
to begin our interview process on a rolling basis. Please, no phone calls or drop ins.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, marital or parental status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-014-26
Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib, representing Michigan’s 12th Congressional District, is
seeking an experienced, organized and highly motivated Chief of Staff. The Chief of Staff is
a key senior advisor to the Member and is responsible for ensuring the Office meets its
legislative and constituent service goals, both in Washington, D.C. and in the district. The
Chief of Staff is expected to have a deep familiarity with and passion for Rep. Tlaib’s core
issue areas, which include racial, economic, environmental, and utility justice, affordable
housing, health care, civil rights and liberties, corporate greed, affordability, just foreign
policy, and government oversight and accountability.
The Chief of Staff supports staff development and manages office operations for the
Member's Washington, DC office, and supports the management of the district offices. The
Chief of Staff will also be responsible for cultivating and maintaining strong relationships
on behalf of the office and Member with leadership, caucuses, committees, and other
Member offices. The role also requires close coordination with House leadership staff,
Administration staff, and various caucus staff across Capitol Hill.
Qualifications for this position include strong organization and attention to detail,
communication and time management skills, robust leadership experience, mentorship
and management abilities, proactive and creative problem-solving, and the ability to
operate and deliver under tight deadlines in high-pressure situations. This role requires a
strong understanding of the legislative process and relationships across Capitol Hill. At
least 5-6 years of Hill experience minimum is required. Candidates without Hill experience
will not be considered. Well-qualified candidates will have strong relationships with
progressive stakeholders and other congressional offices, committees and caucuses. A
strong commitment to progressive ideals is necessary to thrive in this role. Candidates
must be able to work effectively and collaboratively in a team setting with shared senior

leadership decision-making and be ready to bring the best out of a dynamic and energetic
team. A demonstrated passion for human rights, economic and social justice, and
grassroots organizing is also essential for this role.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
• Manages the Washington DC office staff and partners with the District Director and
Senior Policy Counsel in supporting operations of our Neighborhood Service
Centers and district-focused advocacy;
• Sets office goals, policies and procedures, and has oversight responsibility for
hiring and salary decisions;
• Manages long-term legislative goals and related district priorities of the Member in
collaboration with senior leadership;
• Coordinates leadership team goals and needs;
• Advises on strategies and tactics on legislative issues; manages relationships with
peer offices and elected officials in the district;
• Manages committee assignments and serves as liaison for leadership offices and
submits office caucus certifications every term;
• Acts as the Member's principal liaison and representative and responds to office
visits and telephone inquiries from constituents and various interest groups;
• Oversee the office budget in conjunction with Member with support from Financial
Administrator, including submission of all member reimbursements and member
security payments;;
• Coordinates support for all office operations; manages offices operations including
office hours, inventory, constituent services, leasing, etc, with District Director;
• Attend briefings, meetings and supports office-related events coordinated by staff
in the district and DC;
• Support Legislative Director with annual Community Project Funding requests and
Appropriation Funding requests through stakeholder engagement;
• Manage relationships with White House, federal agencies and all other officials and
helps to coordinate meetings and engagements in the district and notices for visits
with officials;
• Facilitates and manages office talent development and retention with onboarding
and exiting process when necessary;
• Reviews and approves all vendor contracts including but not limited to
communication materials, office supplies, etc.;
• Manage Member and office security in coordination with office Law Enforcement
Coordinators, Sergeant Arms, etc.;
• Coordinates annual staff performance reviews and manages annual staff retreat
planning and implementation of retreat goals;
• Manages all staff office leave requests and administrative needs for internal
operations;
• Manages compliance with office employee handbook, maintaining and developing
operating procedures;

•

•
•

•

Assists with all member travel logistics for legislative session and member travel for
official businesses, domestic and foreign, including Ethics travel reports and
notifications as necessary;
Provide updates for all Member opportunities available through the Committee on
House Administration, SAA and other House-related agencies;
Supports advancement of district priorities with Legislative Director, Senior Policy
Counsel, and staff for the Congressional Mamas’ Caucus and Get the Lead Out
Caucus;
Perform all other duties as assigned by the Member.

Applications are due no later than January 21st 11:59PM ET. To apply, please
email Rashida.Jobs@mail.house.gov (SUBJECT: Chief of Staff, YOUR NAME) with a cover
letter, resume and 2-3 references. This position will often require evening and weekend
work, so a strong candidate will be able to work a flexible schedule. Michigan ties are
highly desirable but not required.
Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+, and other members of other marginalized
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status. This
position reports directly to the Member.

MEM-013-26
Communications Director Job Position
Rep. Raul Ruiz, M.D. Office (CA-25)
Rep. Dr. Raul Ruiz's office is seeking candidates to fill an open Communications Director
position (title and salary based on experience). Please pass this along to anyone you think
might be interested.
Rep. Ruiz (CA-25), senior member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, seeks an
energetic and well-organized professional to lead his communications portfolio. The
position is based in Washington, DC and will travel to the district as needed. Preferred
candidates will have professional fluency in both English & Spanish.
Position Overview
The Communications Director is responsible for the creation and quality of all public
external communications from the Member and the office, the communications strategy
plans, franking budget, and messaging that is authentic, strategic, and on brand. The
Communications Director manages and coordinates all internal communications
activities, assesses constituent and public sentiment, evaluates communication
outcomes against objectives and goals, and acts as the Member’s spokesperson and

primary liaison with all media stakeholders. The Communications Director holds a
leadership position within the office and is part of the leadership team.
Other duties include developing messaging and talking points; overseeing all
communications materials, including press releases, website content, franked mail, and
social media accounts; working with policy staff to translate policy into simple, accurate
and concise language; and regularly briefing and staffing the Member.
Candidates should be self-motivated, diligent, and a team player, and able to develop and
maintain relationships with local, state, and national press and nontraditional media
stakeholders like influencers and podcasters. The ideal candidate will have a passion for
inspiring people through communications, and digital organizing/communications in all
formats.
This position will mentor and manage the Digital Director, all communications activities,
and any press interns in all offices. This is not an entry-level position.
Required Experience and Skills
Ideal candidates should have, or can articulate, experience in the following
areas/topics/platforms:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Strong written and oral communications skills (writing, editing, proofreading) with at
least two years of political communications experience including producing oped's, press releases and other communications.
Experience in managing, coaching, and mentoring stal.
Experience in brand development and growing brand presence in the press and all
digital portfolios and an ability to amplify media coverage & grow its impact.
Able to create and implement comprehensive communications strategy and plans
and manage budget and reports.
Able to track public sentiment on issues and the Member, translate polls into
communication messaging and activities.
Able to learn the Member’s voice and communication style including storytelling.
Understanding of print, broadcast, & online social media tools/platforms
(Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Canva Pro, Adobe Premiere, etc.).
Strong skills & experience producing excellent written & visual content, including
graphics & video, for a variety of social media platforms and b-roll for the press.
Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, procedures & organization of the
House – a plus.
Ability to work with the leadership team on short/long-term communications goals,
identify press opportunities and mitigate threats.
Ability to exercise discretion & judgment in the representation of the Congressman's
position on policy issues.
Must have the ability to prioritize duties & manage stal in a fast-paced work
environment while meeting rapid timelines.

•
•

•
•

Ability to translate complex policy issues into simple, accurate, concise language,
creating talking-point summaries.
Leading, managing & optimizing production needs surrounding virtual & in-person
town hall meetings, public forums, & press conferences & creating graphics & media
presentations when required.
Creating e-newsletters & managing the franked mailers process for the olice
Tracking press and social media analytics

Equal Opportunity. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages people of
all identity groups to apply.
How to Apply. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples (one English and one Spanish on two different topics) to:
CA25Resumes@mail.house.gov with the "Communications Director-[NAME]" in the
subject line.

MEM-011-26
Representative Zoe Lofgren (CA-18) is seeking an energetic, community-oriented individual
for the position of Field Representative based in the Salinas office, and under the
direction of the District Director and Member of Congress.
The Field Representative will act as a liaison between constituent groups, local elected
officials and Representative Lofgren, in addition to initiating community outreach and
policy projects. The Field Representative will draft letters of support and respond to inperson, written and telephone inquiries from constituents, as well as make legislative and
ceremonial presentations on behalf of the Representative. The Field Representative will be
expected to assist with casework, administrative tasks, and other duties as assigned.
NECESSARY QUALIFICATIONS:
• Strong public speaking skills
• Flexible schedule; the ability to attend early morning, evening and weekend events
• Knowledge of the concerns and issues speciﬁc to the Salinas Valley and
understanding of CA-18
• The ability to handle dilicult situations with courtesy, tact and compassion
• Strong writing skills
• Problem solving abilities
• The ability to exercise a high degree of initiative
• The ability to work independently and use good judgment
• The ability to maintain conﬁdentiality
• Spanish speaking preferred

REQUIREMENTS: A bachelor’s degree or at least 2-3 years experience in a legislative office
or other equivalent environment is required. This is a full-time in-person position, with
significant travel expected. The salary range for this position is $65,000 to $75,000
annually, based upon experience. The office offers a competitive package of benefits
(health insurance, retirement match, student loan repayment program, generous holiday
package, etc.).
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are
strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified candidates should email a PDF copy of their cover
letter, resume, and three professional references to Lofgren.resume@mail.house.gov with
“Field Representative” in the subject line.

MEM-009-26
The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford seeks an experienced and strategic Director
of Communications to lead a high-volume, high-impact communications operation.
The Director of Communications leads the development and execution of the office’s
communications strategy, working closely across the team to shape and roll out
messaging around legislation, major announcements, and public engagements.
The Director serves as the Member’s media liaison, secures and manages local and
national press opportunities, prepares and staffs the Member for interviews and events,
and oversees all press, digital, and public-facing communications. The Director directly
manages two highly skilled communications staff members and is responsible for setting
clear priorities, workflows, and performance expectations to ensure a disciplined, highfunctioning communications operation.
The ideal candidate is strategic, steady, and composed, with the ability to operate calmly
in fast-paced, high-pressure environments. They are confident, professional, and missiondriven, with the judgment to enforce message discipline and the confidence to say “no” to
ideas that are off-strategy. The ideal candidate is receptive to feedback, responsive to
performance-based direction, and committed to continuous improvement and team
accountability.
Key Responsibilities
1. Message Strategy & Narrative Control
2. Earned Media Management
3. Digital & Platform Oversight
4. Rapid Response & Contrast

5. Events, Briefings & Member Preparation
6. Team Management
Required Qualifications
Experience
• This is not an entry-level position. Previous communications experience is required.
• Previous Hill experience is a plus.
• Demonstrated success securing and managing national media coverage.
• Experience integrating press, digital, events, and legislative communications.
• Experience managing staff.
• Familiarity with House franking rules and compliance requirements.
Core Skills
• Exceptional writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
• Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media.
• Strong political instincts and strategic judgment.
Equal Opportunity Employer
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, marital status, parental status, military status, or any other
status protected by federal law.
Application Instructions
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter demonstrating relevant
experience and interest in the role. All materials should be sent to the office’s Chief of
Staff, Yvanna Cancela at yvanna.cancela@mail.house.gov.

MEM-008-26
A Republican Member of Congress from South Carolina is seeking a motivated and
organized individual to join their team as a Congressional Field Representative based in
Charleston, SC. As a Field Representative, you will be responsible for representing the
Member in the district, building relationships with local stakeholders, and providing
exceptional constituent services.
Responsibilities:
• Act as a liaison between our Member of Congress and constituents, local olicials,
community leaders, and organizations in the district.

•
•
•

Attend meetings, events, and other gatherings on behalf of our Member of Congress
to maintain and build relationships with stakeholders.
Conduct research and analysis on policy issues alecting the district and provide
updates to our Member of Congress.
Collaborate with other stal members to ensure elective communication and
implementation of our Member of Congress's priorities and initiatives.

Qualiﬁcations:
• Bachelor's degree in political science, public administration, or a related ﬁeld.
• Strong communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills.
• Knowledge of local and federal government, policies, and procedures.
• Ability to work independently, manage multiple projects, and meet deadlines.
• Experience in constituent services, advocacy, or related ﬁelds is preferred.
Charleston, SC is a vibrant and historic city known for its beaches, cuisine, and culture. As
a Congressional Field Representative based in Charleston, you will have the opportunity to
work in a dynamic district and experience all that the city has to oler. From its rich history
and architecture to its bustling downtown and scenic waterfront, Charleston is a great
place to live, work, and play. To apply please email noah.longest@teamsc01.com with your
Resume & Cover Letter with the title ‘Field Representative application’.

MEM-005-26
The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Emilia Sykes is seeking a Legislative
Correspondent to process and respond to constituent correspondence, including
answering constituent mail and e-mail. Other responsibilities will include assisting the
communications team with preparing digital content and written materials, tracking
legislation, briefing the Congresswoman, responding to constituent requests for
information, and other projects as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be detail-oriented, strong writers and creative thinkers who work well
in a collaborative environment. Hill or political experience is preferred. Qualified
candidates may send their resume to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov by January 16, with
the subject line NAME - Legislative Correspondent. Please no drop-ins or calls.
The office of Congresswoman Emilia Sykes is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity
and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status. Women, minority and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-004-26

CONSTITUENT ADVOCATE
Office of Congresswoman Julie Fedorchak – North Dakota
Please send resumes to State Director, John Odermann – john.odermann@mail.house.gov
SUMMARY:
The Office of Congresswoman Julie Fedorchak is seeking a compassionate, detail-oriented
Constituent Advocate to help North Dakotans navigate federal agencies and receive timely
assistance from their government. This is a frontline role based in the state, focused on
providing exceptional constituent service and support through professional, prompt, and
persistent casework.
The ideal candidate is a clear communicator, a meticulous record-keeper, and a dedicated
problem-solver who shares our office values of Respect, Responsiveness,
Resourcefulness, Resilience, and Results. You’ll work closely with constituents, federal
agencies, and teammates to ensure every case is handled with care—and that every North
Dakotan feels heard, helped, and valued.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Constituent Casework
o Assist North Dakotans experiencing problems with federal agencies such as
Social Security, VA, IRS, USCIS, and others.
o Open and manage case files in office database; track every action and
communication.
o Submit timely, well-documented inquiries to agency liaisons on behalf of
constituents.
o Draft and send professional case updates, letters, and closure correspondence.
• Agency Liaison
o Serve as a point of contact between constituents and relevant federal agencies.
o Learn and follow each agency’s protocol for congressional inquiries.
o Follow up persistently on open cases and escalate when needed.
o Build strong, professional relationships with agency contacts to improve
responsiveness and outcomes.
• Constituent Communication
o Provide a response to every new constituent request within 24 work hours.
o Submit all complete inquiries within 48 work hours of receiving the privacy
release and supporting documents.
o Keep constituents updated at key milestones and every 30 days thereafter.
o Ensure all interactions are professional, empathetic, and solution-oriented.
• Office Coordination
o Collaborate with teammates to ensure high-quality service during vacations,
transitions, or spikes in case volume.
o Refer non-federal matters appropriately and document them accordingly.o Ensure your
work is accessible and transparent to the team—no sticky notes, no
silos.

QUALIFICATIONS:
• Strong writing, communication, and organizational skills.
• Ability to maintain professional detachment while showing empathy and care.
• Attention to detail and a methodical approach to documentation and follow-through.
• Sound judgment and discretion, especially with sensitive personal information.
• Comfort working independently in a fast-paced, high-trust environment.
• Familiarity with casework tracking systems is a plus.
• Knowledge of federal agencies, North Dakota communities, and constituent service is
helpful—but not required. We will train the right person.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:
• This position is based in the Fargo or Bismarck office.
• Standard hours, with some flexibility for urgent case needs.
• Reports to the Director of Constituent Advocacy or State Director.

MEM-002-26
Congresswoman Val Hoyle (D-OR-04) seeks a self-starting, highly experienced, and
creative Communications Director to join her Washington, D.C. office and lead a fastpaced communications team.
The ideal candidate will have familiarity with national press, the House franking process,
and will work closely with the Deputy Chief of Staff/District Director, Legislative Director,
and report to the Chief of Staff to set the Congresswomen’s messaging
priorities. This position will be the direct supervisor of the Press Secretary and any Press
Interns. This is not an entry-level position.
Essential Job Functions Required
• Develops and implements strategic communications plans for the office, including
working closely with the legislative team to develop media strategies to roll out legislation,
send letters, and make other major announcements
• Successfully and consistently pitches the Congresswoman to both local and national TV,
radio, and print media
• Helps plan and staffs DC- and district-based events such as press conferences, teletownhalls, and roundtables, etc.
• Prepares for, brief, and staffs the Congresswoman for media interviews, press
conferences, roundtables, and other engagements;
• Drafts talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds and other materials, as
necessary, and in the Congresswoman’s voice;
• Speaks on background with reporters and act as a media liaison for the Congresswoman;
• Helps manage social media presence, this includes drafting social media copy, clipping
interviews, and creating graphics to circulate across platforms;

• Maintains and updates office website to ensure that it features timely content;
• Serves as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Develops and implements media, communications, and public relations strategy for the
Member;
• Oversees digital media, website and other communications consultant;
• Remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Member may be questioned;
• Evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the nation for their impact
on the Member;
• Provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's actions and
legislative activities;
• Creates official digital ads and other graphics;
• Writes speeches for the Member;
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
• Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, media, and constituents;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
• Supervises Press Secretary and any assigned Press Interns;
• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
• Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
• Performs other duties as assigned. Rep. Val Hoyle’s Office, Oregon District
Qualifications/Skills
• Exceptionally strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
• Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media;
• Understanding of House franking process and regulations;
• Experience with digital communications, including paid ads and analytics reports;
• Background in graphic design, including graphics, videos, CANVA or Adobe Suite
preferred;
• Experience developing communication strategy for a Member of Congress, an elected
official, a federal agency, or a private or non-profit organization;
• Expertise in advising others on a communication strategy and ability to work well on a
team;
• Able to make split-second decisions and develop communications under tight deadlines;
• Strategic thinker, politically savvy and comfortable navigating difficult situations with
press and staff; and
• Time management skills, ability to work under pressure, and comfortable balancing
multiple responsibilities at once.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, age, disability, marital status, parental
status, military status, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law.
Qualified candidates

should submit a resume and cover letter. Resume and a cover letter should be sent
to resumes.hoyle@mail.house.gov with the subject line containing Communications
Director
Working Conditions
• Work is performed in an office environment. A hybrid work arrangement involving
telecommuting may
also be approved, consistent with the needs of the office.
• Noise levels in the office are usually moderate.
• Ability to work in a small workstation without expectation of privacy.
Education/Experience
At least three-years of political and/or communications experience with strong academic
credentials. Alternatively, four-years of related experience or training in communications
or equivalent similar experience. Experience working in Congress is preferred.

MEM-001-26
PRESS SECRETARY
Moderate House Democrat seeks a Press Secretary for their Washington, D.C. office. This
is a writing-intensive position responsible for drafting remarks, speeches, talking points,
and press releases, as well as pitching and responding to media inquiries.
The Press Secretary will help execute the communications functions of the office,
including:
• Drafting and editing a high volume of written materials, including remarks,
speeches, press releases, statements, and talking points for the Member;
• Assisting with interview preparation and rapid-response messaging;
• Pitching stories and responding to media inquiries from national, state, and local
press;
• Maintaining and strengthening relationships with reporters and media outlets;
• Monitoring press coverage and compiling daily news clips;
• Managing and updating the office’s social media platforms and website content;
• Coordinating closely with the Communications Director, legislative staff, and
district office to ensure consistent messaging.
Ideal candidates will have:
• Exceptional writing and editing skills with strong attention to detail;
• 2–3 years of relevant experience in a congressional office, on a political campaign,
or in another fast-paced communications environment;
• Sound judgment and the ability to work under tight deadlines;
• Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage competing priorities;

•
•
•
•
•

Capacity to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, courteous, and
professional manner;
Willingness to accept direction and guidance on performance and process
improvements from the Communications Director, Chief of Staff, and Member;
The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions;
The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment;
And the ability to work flexible hours including nights and weekends.

This position reports to the Communications Director and the Chief of Staff.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military
status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable
accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to
request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with “Press
Secretary” as the subject line to jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-387-25
The Office of Representative Tom Suozzi seeks a Staff Assistant for the Washington, DC
office. Candidates should possess sharp attention to detail, strong driving skills, and be a
team player with a positive attitude. The successful candidate will have strong
interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate clearly in a fast-paced environment and
work effectively with teams in both the DC and district offices. New York ties are preferred.
This entry-level role serves as an integral member of the DC team. Responsibilities include,
but are not limited to, managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests,
answering phones, conducting tours, overseeing the intern program, image and video
editing, driving, and other duties as assigned. A valid U.S. driver’s license and a clean
driving record are required for the position, but owning or having access to a car is not
required.
This is a full-time position. Candidates of all educational backgrounds are encouraged to
apply. The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. No phone calls or
drop-ins please.

Interested applicants should send a resume, writing sample, and cover letter to
NY03.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last name – Staff Assistant.” Starting
salary for this position is $45,000 and is eligible for retirement benefits with an employer
match, student loan repayment assistance and transit or parking benefits.

