________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 6, 2021

MEM-564-21

House Republican office seeks full time interns for spring internship. Duties
include compiling press clips, answering phones, legislative research, greeting
guests, and assisting with audio and video recording equipment. Past Hill
experience working on IT projects or within a television, video, or digital media
production environment is a plus.
This is a fast-paced office; candidates must have the ability to manage priorities,
meet deadlines, and work well within a multi-tasking environment. Current
students or recent graduates who can commit to the entire semester are
encouraged to apply. This position is paid.
To apply, please email a resume, cover letter, and references to HOUSE
PLACEMENT EMAIL or carl.griffin@mail.house.gov indicating job referral
number in the subject line.

MEM-563-21

The House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, Civilian
Security, Migration and International Economic Policy – chaired by
Congressman Albio Sires (D-NJ) – is seeking one full-time intern for
Winter/Spring 2022.
The legislative intern will work closely with subcommittee staff while learning
the inner workings of Congress and the legislative process. Successful candidates
will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detail-oriented, with strong
writing and communication skills and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced work
Page 1 of 12

environment.
The internship is a remote-hybrid position beginning in January 2022.
Undergraduate or graduate school students and recent alumni interested in foreign
affairs and Western Hemisphere policy are encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: providing administrative and
research support to staff, assisting with subcommittee hearings and briefings,
attending virtual events and writing memorandum for staff, among other
administrative and research assignments. Spanish, French, Haitian Creole, or
Portuguese proficiency preferred but not required.
Qualified applicants should send a one-page resume and one-page cover letter
to WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Winter/Spring 2022 Internship
Application.” Minorities, women, and LGBTQIA+ individuals and those with
disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. Please be sure to include your
preferred start and end date. No calls or drop-ins.
MEM-560-21

Chicago based Democrat Mike Quigley (IL-05) is seeking interns for the spring
semester in his Washington, DC and district offices.
Candidates should possess an interest in the legislative process, excellent writing
and communication skills, and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment.
Individuals with Chicago ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Spring
internships will run from January to May.
Qualified candidates should send their resume and cover letter
to IL05.Interns@gmail.com. In the body of your email, please specify if you are
applying for a DC or district internship and your specific availability (ex. M-F,
9AM-5PM). We will only accept applications until Monday, December 13.
Washington, D.C.
Washington legislative interns will work closely with the Congressman’s
legislative team to conduct research, draft letters, and policy memos.
Responsibilities also include answering phone calls, drafting constituent
correspondence, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol (pending COVID restrictions),
and related administrative work. Interns will have the opportunity to attend
briefings, hearings, and other legislative events. As a result, interns learn about
the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Chicago
In our two District offices (Lakeview and Portage Park), interns are exposed to
the inner workings of a congressional district office and what it takes to support
the over 710,000 constituents we represent. The internship program is primarily
based out of the Portage Park office. Responsibilities include acting as the first
line of support for constituents both over the phone and in person, assisting with
Page 2 of 12

outreach efforts in the community, drafting letters, and conducting district
research. In addition, interns may be assigned to assist with constituent casework
and work on District-based projects of importance.
MEM-558-21

The Office of U.S. Representative Anthony G. Brown (MD-04) is currently
seeking applicants for a part time internship in our Washington D.C. office
during the Spring 2022 session.
Interns will have the opportunity to interact with constituents, give tours of the
US Capitol, gain knowledge of the legislative process, engage with the
communications team and to see firsthand what it takes for a congressional office
to run.
We’re looking for college students or recent graduates who are motivated, detailorientated, and ready to work in a fast-paced setting. The ideal candidate
possesses strong organizational, communication, and writing skills, as well as the
ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure in a team
environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a must.
Hours are 9:00 AM – 5:00 PM for at least three days a week. Monthly stipends
are available to full time and part time interns unless they are sponsored by an
outside organization or are planning to receive academic credit for the internship.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
Students that are interested in interning our Washington D.C. office will have
some of the following duties:
•Answering phone calls
•Data assembly and entry
•Assisting the Legislative Team with projects
•Assisting with the research and writing of constituent correspondence
•Researching issues or agency policies
•Assisting with mailing projects
•Other projects as assigned
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, short writing sample, and (2)
references to Amiri.Hill2@mail.house.gov, and indicate spring 2022 internship in
the subject.
If you have any questions about the internship opportunity program at The Office
of U.S. Representative Anthony G. Brown (MD-04), please contact Amiri Hill
at Amiri.Hill2@mail.house.gov or 202.225.8699.

MEM-557-21

Congressman Jerry Nadler (NY-10) is seeking paid undergraduate student
interns for the Spring 2022 semester in his Washington, DC office.

Page 3 of 12

Applicants should be interested in learning the daily, detailed operations of a
congressional office: responding to constituent problems and concerns, writing
letters, drafting policy memos, legislative research, and performing general office
tasks. Excellent communication skills are important.
Interns must be able to commit to at least 25 hours per week and should have
completed their first year of college.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample
to NY10.Internship@mail.house.gov by December 10, 2021. In your cover letter,
please note your availability on each day of the week, your legislative interests,
and why you would like to work for Congressman Nadler.
Congressman Nadler’s office strives to ensure that our internship class reflects
the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds
are strongly encouraged to apply. Congressman Nadler’s office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
MEM-555-21

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a motivated
and reliable student to fill a full-time digital intern position this spring.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation,
graphic design, manual photography, videography, website maintenance,
analytics and performing other press and administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, OBS Studio, as well as
compiling and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced,
rapid response environment and willingness to learn is a must; sense of humor
strongly encouraged. This position reports to the communications director.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-554-21

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented student with a passion for
communications to fill a full-time press intern position this spring.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task
in a fast-paced environment. Press intern responsibilities include, but are not
limited to, compiling press clips, maintaining press lists, and drafting press
releases. This position reports to the communications director and broader
communications team. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

Page 4 of 12

To apply, please send a resume to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
MEM-547-21

Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton’s office is seeking interns for the
Spring 2022 term. The internship would begin in January and last until early
May. Specific dates are tentative on the release of the official House calendar.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but generally
run from 9am to 6pm when Congress is in session, and 9am to 5pm when not in
session.
Intern responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislation for the
member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and drafting
constituent correspondence on various issues.
Internships are a great opportunity to gain professional and educational
experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and
be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Interested applicants
should send their resumes and cover letter with the subject line “Spring 2022
Internship” to ryan.a.washington@mail.house.gov
Requirements: Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date
and availability.
The deadline to apply for the spring session is Friday, December 10th.

MEM-541-21

"Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke’s (NY-09) D.C. office is seeking in-person,
full or part-time, interns for the upcoming Spring 2021 semester. Team Clarke
expects the ideal candidate to be driven, team-orientated, and ambitious with
interest in diving into the legislative process and the inner workings of Capitol
Hill.
This position requires applicants to have the ability to multi-task, strong
organizational skills, and possess high degrees of professionalism and diligence.
Responsibilities include answering telephones, compiling daily press clips,
assisting with constituent services, and providing administrative assistance to
staff.
Additionally, interns will work closely with the Legislative Team to prepare
legislative research, background for Committee hearings and markups, and
drafting memorandums. Applicants may hold interests in or have previous
experience working with policy areas such as environmental sustainability,
cybersecurity, immigration, infrastructure, affordable housing, Caribbean issues,
and health care.
Interested applicants should send their resume, cover letter, and 2 writing samples
to the Intern Coordinator, Dan Kalmowitz,
Page 5 of 12

at Dan.Kalmowitz@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Clarke Spring
Internship Application.” New York ties strongly preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Deadline to apply is December 10, 2021. Due to the large volume of applicants,
only those applicants who are selected for interviews will be contacted."
MEM-540-21

The Washington and District offices of Rep. Stanton seek an enthusiastic and
motivated intern for the Spring 2022 semester.
Interns have a crucial part in our district and Washington, D.C. offices and are
tasked to answer phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, assist in various constituent casework and outreach projects, and answer
constituent letters on issues before the House. This is a paid opportunity that can
accommodate a full or part time position. Those with Arizona ties are strongly
preferred.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, letter of interest and 1-2 page
writing sample to:
•DC_Internships.AZ09@mail.house.gov for D.C. Office internships, and
•Internships.AZ09@mail.house.gov for District Office internships.
Applications are due December 8, 2021.

MEM-535-21

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for spring 2022. This is a hybrid position—hours can be worked in
person and remotely. If the public health situation changes significantly, the
position could transition to in-office full-time.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need and ties to Tennessee’s 9th District. Full-time
availability is preferred. Interns will work for 10-16 weeks (January-April).
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.

Page 6 of 12

Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.
MEM-534-21

The Honorable Robert C. “Bobby” Scott, Chairman of the House Education and
Labor Committee, seeks full-time law students to work during spring semester
2022 internship.
Duties may include, but are not limited to, researching and the drafting of
legislation, memos, talking points, and letters, covering congressional briefings.
Candidates should have completed at least one year of law school, have strong
legal research abilities and written and oral communication skills, and be capable
of managing themselves and taking initiative.
Indicate your area of interest and your writing sample should support your
interest and expertise: Health Policy, Education Policy, Labor Policy, Pensions,
Oversight, Disability, Workforce Development and Work Safety. Law interns are
unpaid, however, academic credit can be received. Candidates able to commit to
the full spring semester are encouraged to apply. The preferred start date is early
to mid-January.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating type of
internship in the subject line. Applications missing any of the requirements will
not be considered.
The final deadline for the spring 2022 internship and fellowship program is
Friday, December 10, 2021. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity or sexual orientation),

Page 7 of 12

national origin, age, disability, gender, uniformed service, genetic information, or
any other factor.
MEM-533-21

The Honorable Robert C. “Bobby” Scott, Chairman of the House Education and
Labor Committee, seeks full-time press intern for paid and unpaid internships
during spring semester 2022.
Duties may include, but are not limited to, media monitoring and research,
writing media advisories and press releases, drafting social media and general
communications office support. Ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills,
works well under deadlines and thrives in juggling multiple assignments. Interns
can receive academic credit.
Candidates able to commit to the full spring semester are encouraged to apply.
The preferred start date is early to mid-January.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating type of
internship in the subject line.
Applications missing any of the requirements will not be considered. The final
deadline for the spring 2022 internship and fellowship program is Friday,
December 10, 2021. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity or sexual orientation),
national origin, age, disability, gender, uniformed service, genetic information, or
any other factor.

MEM-532-21

The Honorable Robert C. “Bobby” Scott, Chairman of the House Education and
Labor Committee, seeks full-time committee interns for paid and unpaid
internships during spring semester 2022.
Duties may include, but are not limited to, assisting with administrative tasks,
answering phones, processing mail, legislative research, and attending briefings
and hearings. This is a fast-paced office; multitasking and attention to detail are
required. Interns can receive academic credit.
Candidates able to commit to the full spring semester are encouraged to apply.
The preferred start date is early to mid-January. To apply, please email a cover
letter, resume, three references, two writing samples, and application form
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating type of internship in the subject line.
Applications missing any of the requirements will not be considered. The final
deadline for the spring 2022 internship and fellowship program is Friday,
December 10, 2021. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Page 8 of 12

This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity or sexual orientation),
national origin, age, disability, gender, uniformed service, genetic information, or
any other factor.
MEM-527-21

The Washington office of Congresswoman Val Demings seeks spring term
interns for her Washington, D.C. office.
Individual responsibilities will vary, but all interns will be asked to answer
phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings
and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues. Internship hours
are flexible, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session,
and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. This is a paid internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter with days of availability and a onepage writing sample to FL10.Internships@mail.house.gov. Please use “Internship
Application” in the subject line. Individuals selected for an interview will be
contacted. No phone calls or drop ins, please.

MEM-524-21

The Office of Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) seeks Press/Legislative interns for the
upcoming 2022 Winter/Spring term.
The office has two types of internships available: an in-person internship and a
remote, research-focused internship.
In-person intern responsibilities will include drafting social media posts for the
Member’s official social media pages (including Facebook, Twitter, and
Instagram), designing graphics, attending hearings and briefings (either in person
or virtually from the office), researching legislation for both the Member and
legislative staff, drafting constituent letters on the Member’s behalf, interfacing
with constituents and visitors, staffing the front office, and potentially conducting
tours. To be considered for this position, candidates must show proof of full
COVID-19 vaccination, and if hired, agree to follow additional precautionary
measures, such as mask-wearing and regular sanitizing.
Remote intern responsibilities will similarly include drafting social media posts,
designing graphics, attending virtual hearings and briefings, and drafting
constituent letters on the Member’s behalf, but there will be a heavier focus on
conducting legislative research for both the Member and legislative staff.

Page 9 of 12

All interns are paid $15.00 per hour for a minimum of 15 hours/week and
maximum of 30 hours/week unless the intern is receiving a stipend from an
external organization in relation to their internship. The hours can be flexible to
accommodate students' schedules but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.
Monday through Friday.
To apply to intern in the DC office, please send your resume, a short writing
sample (no more than 2-pages), 2 sample tweets on a current event, a sample
graphic (optional) and your dates of availability
to Emma.Preston@mail.house.gov.
Due to the high volume of applicants, a response is not guaranteed. The Office of
Rep. Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based
on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, or
socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
MEM-519-21

Spring Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Spring 2022. The internship is in-person and will run
from early January to late May. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Spring 2022 Internship” to Will.Salmon@mail.house.gov, or by applying
through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships

MEM-518-21

Congressman Jay Obernolte’s Washington, DC office is seeking interns for the
Spring 2022 term. The internship would begin in January and last until early
May. Specific dates are tentative on the release of the official House calendar.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session.
In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to
answer phones, research legislation for the member and legislative staff, attend
hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the
House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office. California ties are preferred but not required.
Page 10 of 12

The deadline to apply for the spring session is Friday, December 10th.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to Will Burns
at CA08.internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-517-21

Fall Congressional Internship Opportunity:
Congressman John Garamendi (D-CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his team through the end of the year. Option to be extended into Winter 2022
intern class depending on performance.
Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal
team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending virtual hearings and
meetings, answering constituent phone calls, assisting with scheduling, sorting
and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest.
First-hand experience in Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office
provides interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the
development of public policy. Full-time candidates with California ties and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-511-21

Winter Congressional Internship Opportunity:
Congressman John Garamendi (D-CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his team. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and
phenomenal team players.
Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are
imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and
press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending virtual
hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.

Page 11 of 12

Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 12 of 12

