________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 8, 2014
MEM-398-14

The Washington, DC, office of a Senior Member of the Ways and Means
Committee has unpaid Press internship openings to begin immediately. Press
interns are expected to work long hours and commit between 3-5 days per week.
Internship duties include, but are not limited to compiling and daily clips, drafting
press releases and op-eds, proofreading and editing, maintaining press lists,
updating Member's communications calendar, website and social media
platforms. Intern may also assist with answering phones, incoming and outgoing
mail, addressing constituent concerns, and assisting the Legislative/District office
staff. Strong writing skills are needed and familiarity with new media and website
development is a plus. Priority will be given to those with journalism or
communications education/experience. The ideal candidate will be creative,
motivated, mature, detail-orientated, and possess the ability to multi-task under
high pressure. This is a great opportunity for college students and recent
graduates. To apply for the position, please send your cover letter, resume and
writing sample addressed to the Comm. Director at ny13intern@gmail.com with
the subject: Press Intern.

MEM-396-14

Congressman Mark Meadows (NC-11) seeks motivated, detail-oriented,
Page 1 of 12

personable and organized interns to join his Washington, DC office for the 2015
spring semester. Applicants should have strong conservative values, excellent
communication skills, and a committed work ethic. Duties will include, but are
not limited to: answering phones, processing mail, researching legislation,
drafting correspondence, attending hearings and briefings, giving tours of the
Capitol, and assisting front office staff. Applications are considered for this
unpaid internship on a rolling basis; preference will be given to candidates who
are available to intern full-time. Interested candidates should email a resume and
cover letter to Ashley Howes at ashley.howes@mail.house.gov. North Carolina
ties are preferred, but not required
MEM-394-14

A Conservative Republican from Florida is currently seeking un-paid interns for
this Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include, but not limited to,
handling constituent phone calls, composing correspondence, conducting capitol
tours, and attending congressional hearings and briefings. Candidates should be
professional, organized, and eager to learn. Florida ties are preferred, but all
applicants are encouraged to apply. Please email your cover letter, resume, and
availability to FL11internship@gmail.com.

MEM-392-14

Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks full time hard working intern for
immediate hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone
calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending
various briefings, providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates
will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work
in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about
the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.

MEM-391-14

The Office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson (D-FL-24) seeks full-time
and part-time interns for the Spring 2015 semester.
Opportunities will include:







Working with staff to advance Congresswoman Wilson’s legislative
priorities.
Researching and drafting talking points, press releases, memos, letters,
and social media posts.
Supporting the press team by tracking and compiling press clips,
organizing press conferences, and monitoring social media profiles.
Attending hearings, meetings, and briefings.
Interacting with constituents, interest groups, and renowned stakeholders.
Providing administrative support such as answering phones, sorting mail,
leading capitol tours, managing flag requests, and undertaking special
projects.

Candidates who reside in Florida’s 24th Congressional District or have ties to
Page 2 of 12

Florida are preferred. Candidates should have strong writing, communication, and
people skills. Additionally, candidates should be available to serve from January
through May/June. Please email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and dates
of availability to Jean.Roseme@Mail.House.Gov by Friday, December 12, 2014.
Include “Spring Congressional Internship” in the subject line. This is an unpaid
internship.
MEM-390-14

A Democratic California Congressman is seeking highly motivated interns to
join his Washington, D.C. office for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship from
December to March, with flexible start and end dates. Candidates should be
organized, professional, quick learners, and team players. Strong oral and written
communication skills and close attention to detail are important. Main
responsibilities include but are not limited to: assisting staff with legislative and
press-related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings, and
leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. Other responsibilities include: assisting with
scheduling, answering phone calls, and processing mail. Candidates with
California ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged
to apply. Please e-mail a resume and cover letter to
Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-388-14

Massachusetts Democratic office seeks an undergraduate or graduate level
students as well as recent graduates for Winter/Spring 2015 internships. Intern
responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls,
opening and sorting mail, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns
will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with
correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional
hearings, receptions, and press events. All internships are unpaid, but if your
college or university offers credit hours we are more than happy to complete any
necessary evaluations. Massachusetts ties and previous internship experience
preferred. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available
hours to NewEnglandResumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-387-14

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
seeking full-time interns starting in January 2015. Interns are asked to work with
staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups. Interns will work on
substantive research projects and press matters. Additionally, interns are critical
to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones,
greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/contact-us. Please fill out the application
provided and send in a resume and two professional references.

MEM-386-14

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill internship positions through
April/May. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering
Page 3 of 12

phones, conducting Capitol Tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings,
conducting legislative research and performing other administrative
tasks. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral
communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fastpaced environment, an eagerness to learn about the political process and
congressional affairs, as well as full week availability. Spanish-fluency and
California ties are a plus. Please send a resume, cover letter, a short writing
sample (no longer than one page), and dates of availability to
Adam.Sachs@mail.house.gov with “Intern” in the subject line.
MEM-385-14

The office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is seeking applications for
internships starting in January 2015. As a fast-paced office for an active
member of the Democratic leadership, we expect a lot from our interns and pride
ourselves on an excellent internship program. Duties include, but are not limited
to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting constituent
correspondence, and providing assistance to the legislative staff. Applicants must
have excellent writing and communications skills. Interested applicants should
email a cover letter and resume to tom.gibson@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Intern Application.”

MEM-384-14

The office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is seeking applications for
internships starting in January 2015. As a fast-paced office for an active
member of the Democratic leadership, we expect a lot from our interns and pride
ourselves on an excellent internship program. Duties include, but are not limited
to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting constituent
correspondence, and providing assistance to the legislative staff. Applicants must
have excellent writing and communications skills. Interested applicants should
email a cover letter and resume to tom.gibson@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Intern Application.”

MEM-383-14

Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for January through May 2015. Main responsibilities include answering
phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters, researching
legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be
opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be
self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good
understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college students
seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred. Please e-mail your cover
letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at
samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-382-14

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a fulltime or part-time intern for the Spring of 2015. This is an opportunity to learn
about the inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced
work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting
events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities will include,
Page 4 of 12

but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the
Capitol, conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing
tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and
courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the legislative and governmental
process. To apply, please send a resume, three references, writing sample, and
cover letter to william.washington@mail.house.gov, with the subject ‘Norton
Internship’. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-381-14

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is accepting applications for
legislative internship positions available in his Washington D.C. office for the
upcoming Spring term. This unpaid internship will provide an invaluable handson experience in a Congressional office and a greater understanding of the
legislative process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, attending
Congressional briefings on behalf of staff, giving tours of the Capitol, conducting
research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing tour and flag
requests. Interns will also be given the opportunity to draft memos, write letters,
and become a team member in a fast-paced and collegial office. Qualified
applicants will possess a professional and courteous demeanor, excellent
communication skills, the ability to multi-task, acute attention to detail, and
interest in the legislative and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students seeking Capitol Hill
experience. All majors are encouraged to apply. Ties to New York’s Fifth
Congressional District are preferred, but not required. Interested applicants
should email a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to
Jordan.Morris@mail.house.gov with “Your Last Name-Internship App” in the
subject line. Please also include dates and times of availability.

MEM-380-14

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a fulltime or part-time Press and Social Media intern for the Spring of 2015.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to compiling press clips,
monitoring daily news, drafting talking points and press releases, updating social
media and working closely with the communications director. The ideal
candidate will have previous experience in public relations or journalism, possess
strong written communications skills, ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and professional manner. Please note that the internship is unpaid and housing is
not provided, but student can qualify for academic credit depending on the
requirements of the college or university. Interested applicants should e-mail a
cover letter, resume, short writing sample (in the form of a speech or press
release) and dates of availability with "Norton Internship" in the subject line to
Jason.spear@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-379-14

The DC office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from Washington’s 6th
district, is looking for personable, diligent full-time or part-time interns to start
for winter session (December/January – early spring). This is an opportunity to
Page 5 of 12

learn about the inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fastpaced work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and
interesting events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities
include assisting with constituent correspondence, producing daily press clips,
and leading tours of the Capitol. This is a unique opportunity and prime for
students or recent grads who are interested in learning about the legislative
process or may eventually want to work for the federal government.
To apply, please send a resume, contact information for two references, and a
cover letter outlining your interest in the position to
nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within a week.
Those with Washington state ties strongly encouraged to apply. We look forward
to hearing from you!
MEM-377-14

Nevada Republican seeks an intern for the Spring 2015 semester. Interns will
work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern
responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls,
opening and sorting mail, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns
will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with
correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings,
receptions, and press events. Our office is looking for an intern with a positive
attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing
to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Applicants
should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a
willingness to do assist with daily office tasks. Nevada ties preferred. Interns
must be able to commit three full days a week (9:00am-6:00pm) at minimum.
Students welcome to apply. Those interested please send resume and cover letter
to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.

MEM-376-14

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking highly
motivated and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for
the 2015 spring internship program. Starting dates run from early January with
flexible end dates. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process,
excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will
mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not
required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or
school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover
letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2015 Spring Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-375-14

Congresswoman Annie Kuster (NH-2) seeks energetic, motivated, and detailoriented winter and spring interns for DC office. Responsibilities include, but are
Page 6 of 12

not limited to: staffing the front desk area and greeting all office visitors, leading
constituents on capitol tours, processing mail, attending hearings and meetings,
researching issue areas and writing legislative briefings and memos, and
providing general administrative support for staff and the Member. New England
ties preferred. All internships are unpaid. Please send cover letter and resume to
NH02.Internship@mail.house.gov along with your dates of availability. No
phone calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-374-14

The Office of Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks interns for Spring
2015 (Jan-May). Internship responsibilities will include: assisting with research,
processing mail, data entry, reception duties, office errands, and other duties as
assigned by the Intern Supervisor. Ideal candidate will have strong oral and
written communication abilities, a willingness to learn, basic knowledge of the
political process, and a firm opinion on the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia.
Pennsylvania ties preferred. Both full and part time will be considered. Please
send a resume, cover letter (including availability), and writing sample to Liz
Leibowitz at liz.leibowitz@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-373-14

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her District office
for unpaid Constituent Services and Outreach internships during the Spring 2015
term (January – April/May).
Constituent Service Internship - Constituent Service Interns will work in the
District office to assist Constituent Service Representatives. Responsibilities
include assisting with constituent files, gathering information from federal
agencies, and answering constituent calls. S/he will monitor congressional
inquiries through online databases.
Outreach Internship - The Outreach Intern will work in the District office
supporting the team with a variety of outreach projects and activities, including
event planning, and advocacy communications. The Outreach Intern also
conducts project research using the web and traditional sources such as booth set
up at events. S/he helps develop several databases and lists of state, local/civic,
and federal organizations and government agencies. S/he must monitor local and
national media through print, online/blog and television news media. The
Outreach Intern also responds to outreach-related initiatives and assists with
general outreach efforts.
Ideal candidates for both positions will be detailed oriented, well organized, and
able to conduct research. Interns should also possess strong written and verbal
communication skills in a professional setting. Undergraduates and recent
graduates of any major with ties to Maryland are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a brief and
relevant writing sample (maximum one page) by November 28th to
internship.md04@mail.house.gov.

Page 7 of 12

MEM-372-14

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her Washington,
D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the Spring 2015 term
(January – April/May). Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative
process and have a desire to learn while being a part of a hardworking team. Ideal
candidates will possess strong writing and verbal communication skills, a
demonstrated interest in legislative issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct
research, and an enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist
staff with legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings, draft
memos, sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours. Candidates with
Maryland ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume, cover
letter stating your availability, and a brief and relevant writing sample (maximum
one page) by November 28th to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.

MEM-370-14

The Office of Congresswoman Jackie Speier (CA-14) is seeking winter quarter
interns for the DC office. Qualified candidates will be able to multi-task and
thrive in a fast-paced work environment, while providing high-quality “customer
service” to our constituents. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
handling constituent correspondence, answering phones, booking and leading
constituent tours, attending hearings and briefings, and assisting legislative staff
where needed. Students and recent graduates with ties to California’s 14th district
are strongly preferred; general California ties are a must. Interested candidates
should send their resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
speier.internships@mail.house.gov by December 12. Interns will begin January 5
or 12 depending on their availability, and end in mid-March. Qualified candidates
will be contacted for interview. No phone calls, please.

MEM-367-14

The Office of Congressman Michael Capuano (D-MA) is seeking full-time
interns to aid our administrative and legislative teams. Responsibilities include:
researching legislative issues, attending legislative hearings, answering phone
calls, processing constituent mail, giving Capitol tours, and assisting in any other
special projects/tasks that may arise. Applicants should be self-motivated,
reliable, hardworking, and have strong communication skills. Massachusetts ties
preferred, but not required. Previous internship experience is a plus.
Spring 2015 internships start early January and run through the end of the
semester (usually the middle of May). Internships are unpaid. Academic credit is
available.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a one-page writing
sample to juliet.albin@mail.house.gov.

MEM-365-14

Congressman Vern Buchanan (R-FL-16) has full-time and part-time, unpaid
internships available for the spring session (January-May) in his Washington,
DC office. Qualified candidates should possess excellent organizational and
communication skills, should have a positive attitude, and a strong work ethic.
Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary
Page 8 of 12

forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university. All
interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
jillian.gates@mail.house.gov with “2015 Spring Internship” in the subject line.
MEM-363-14

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (D-NY) is
offering internship opportunities for students and recent graduates starting
immediately. First-hand experience in Congresswoman Slaughter's office will
provide interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the
development of public policy and government affairs. Intern responsibilities
include drafting letters to constituents, attending committee hearings, writing
summary briefs, researching various issues for the legislative staff and assisting
with additional office duties.
Interns will receive unique insight into the legislative process and parliamentary
procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter's position as the Ranking
Member of the House Rules Committee. The Rules Committee determines the
parameters of debate for all major pieces of legislation before it can be considered
on the House Floor, including which amendments can be offered.
The internship provides different opportunities with staff to discuss their
experiences on the Hill and future employment strategies. Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing sample to James Blum
at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact
James at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-360-14

The Office of Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson is seeking full-time and
part-time unpaid interns for the Spring 2015 semester in the member’s
Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities will include assisting the administrative
and legislative staff with writing, legislative research, constituent services, and
attending various briefings and hearings. Candidates should be self-motivated,
detail oriented and possess strong oral and written communication skills. This is
an excellent opportunity to gain experience on Capitol Hill while learning about
the legislative process. Texas ties are preferred, but not required. If you are
interested in this internship opportunity, please e-mail a cover letter, resume,
references and a writing sample to DCintern.tx30@gmail.com. Please no phone
calls or walk-ins.

MEM-359-14

The office of a NY Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with exceptional
writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting and creative
content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned. The intern
must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and communication skills.
All interested and qualified candidates should email a resume and three writing
samples: two previous articles and one hypothetical article about a congressman
who has secured a grant for his district. Please submit all inquiries to:
pressinterns08@mail.house.gov.

Page 9 of 12

MEM-358-14

Energetic NY Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to join
his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship in the Spring.
Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the
legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties.
Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are
strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-356-14

Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-3) is currently seeking interns in his
Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2015 (January-May). Interns perform a
variety of responsibilities, including answering phones, receiving guests, and
providing tours of the Capitol Building. They will also research legislation for the
legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on
various issues before the House. Interns should possess strong research, writing,
analytical, and interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates should express an
interest in politics and conservative values. All internships are unpaid. However,
if your college or university offers credit hours we are happy to complete any
necessary evaluations. Interested candidates should contact Claire Trokey and
email their resume and cover letter to: claire.trokey@mail.house.gov.

MEM-355-14

The office of Congressman Albio Sires (NJ-08) seeks motivated, well-organized
interns for our Washington, DC office on a full or part-time basis. Excellent
writing and communication skills as well as good judgment are essential. Duties
will include assisting staff with correspondence and research, attending hearings
and briefings, greeting guests, answering phones & other duties as needed. If you
are interested, please fax a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to 202-2260792.

MEM-354-14

Midwest Democrat is seeking interns for the spring 2015 semester. Interns will
work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will
have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence,
as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press
events. Intern responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and
assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information
with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a
team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working
Page 10 of 12

knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American
Government, fiscal issues, education and reproductive rights. Wisconsin ties a
plus.
Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00
pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to
Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov by December 15th, 2014.
MEM-353-14

The Office of Congressman John K. Delaney is looking for highly qualified
students or recent college graduates to serve as interns in our district offices in
Gaithersburg and Hagerstown, MD for the 2015 Spring semester. Interns are an
integral part of the team and are given substantial opportunities to learn and grow
in a fast-paced and active office. Our district office interns work with us as fullfledged members of our staff and are responsible for assisting other staff with
constituent outreach, casework, and office management. As a part of these
responsibilities, interns will be asked to answer phones, meet with constituents,
write letters, process incoming casework, and research casework issues for field
representatives. In addition, interns may be assigned to assist in various
constituent casework or work on district-based projects of importance. As a
result, interns learn about the constituent services component of every
congressional office.
The ideal candidate will be professional, responsible, and friendly. They should
be organized, eager to learn, able to work both individually and as part of a team,
perform well under pressure, and adapt to rapidly changing situations. Preference
will be given to applicants who can work a minimum of 30 hours per week and
give a 10-week minimum commitment. Specific start and end dates as well as the
weekly schedule are negotiable.
This is an unpaid internship; however, academic credit can be arranged through
participating institutions. Interested applicants must send a cover letter and
resume to MD06.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-352-14

Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable
exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States
Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist
with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional
hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will also include greeting
constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving
Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is
unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
Page 11 of 12

oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information
with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a
team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working
knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American
Government. Wisconsin ties a plus.
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00
pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to
Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov by December 15th, 2014.
MEM-351-14

Washington, D.C. — Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his
Leadership office with availability beginning in January. Responsibilities include
(but are not limited to) assisting in preparing Caucus events, answering phones,
providing constituency outreach support to Democratic Members of Congress
and their staff, conducting research, extracting and formatting large quantities of
data, writing detailed memos, attending relevant briefings and meetings, and
assisting with team projects. Applicants should be self-starters, motivated, detailoriented, possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and be able
to problem solve and multi-task. Experience or interest in social media is a plus.
Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic credit or
congressional internship/fellowship program participants. The intern should be
prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please send a cover
letter and resume to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-350-14

Progressive New England Democrat is seeking highly motivated individuals for
unpaid Congressional internship for Spring 2015. Responsibilities include
drafting constituent letters, assisting legislative staff with research, assisting with
front office duties, and various administrative tasks. Candidates must possess
strong writing and communication skills and be able to work 3-5 days per week.
Ties to Rhode Island are strongly preferred. To apply, please send resume with
references, cover letter, and brief writing sample to RI01Internship@gmail.com.

Page 12 of 12

