________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 14, 2020

MEM-319-20

The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a driven,
detail-oriented, hardworking, and engaged individual to work remotely with her
team for a spring internship. The timing of the internship is flexible based on the
candidate’s schedule, but could start as early as January and could last up to 12
weeks. The intern would work with her dynamic team to improve the lives of 7th
district constituents and communities.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Constituent services: assist the front office staff with answering constituent
questions and draft correspondence;
• Legislative research: work with the legislative team to conduct research on issue
areas, write memos, and learn about the legislative process;
• Communications: collaborate with the Communications team on tasks as needed
such as compiling news clips and tracking social media accounts; and
• Other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES:
• Responsible, reliable, punctual
• Has knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs
• Able to problem solve, think quickly, adapt, and handle sensitive information
Page 1 of 8

HOURS & COMPENSATION: Flexible based on candidate’s schedule – can
either be part time or full time (up to 40 hours per week). This is a PAID
internship; the office will pay an hourly rate for applicants not supported by
outside fellowships.
TO APPLY: Please submit a resume and a 1-page cover letter that answers the
following questions in one PDF:
• What, do you feel, is the biggest problem facing VA-07?
• How do you want to impact the community?
Please include a full-time/part-time preference, the dates you are available, and
any other scheduling constraints (e.g. mornings or afternoons only) in your
application. Email this information to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “Spring 2021 Internship.”
DEADLINE: Applications will be considered on a rolling basis until December
31, 2020.
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger is an equal opportunity employer.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against because of race,
religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical disability, sexual
orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender expression) identity, color,
marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or any other classification
protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.
MEM-317-20

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individual for a legislative internship in
Washington, DC for Spring 2021.
This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to gain hands-on office
experience while learning about the legislative process. Qualified applicants have
strong writing and communication skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, a
strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work ethic. English and
Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
This position will be virtual following public health guidelines around the
Coronavirus pandemic. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Drafting
constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, leading Capitol tours, assisting
legislative staff with research, answering and screening telephone calls, managing
the front office, participating in hearing preparation, tracking media coverage,
and other duties as necessary.
The position is available beginning in January 2021. To apply, send a resume and
cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Spring Internship
Application”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates,
hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.
Page 2 of 8

This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-316-20

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a press intern for
the DC office for Spring 2021. Qualified applicants have very strong writing and
communication skills, experience with video editing and content creation, a
strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Spanish
speaking candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
This position will be virtual following public health guidelines around the
Coronavirus pandemic. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: working
closely with staff to draft social media content on a variety of issues and social
media platforms, tracking media coverage, executing daily press clips, and
editing the weekly video shoot.
The position is available beginning in January 2021. To apply, send a resume and
cover letter to sara.guerrero@mail.house.gov with the subject “Spring Press
Internship Application”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and
end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this
internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-315-20

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform is
seeking energetic and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time
internships.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly
in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative
operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes.
Law students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff. Background: The Oversight and Reform Committee is the
primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with
jurisdiction to investigate any matter at any time.
Page 3 of 8

Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the
office full time are preferred.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a
cover letter and resume to OversightJobs@mail.house.gov with “Internship
Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-309-20

Congresswoman Grace Meng’s (NY-06) D.C. Office is seeking interns for the
upcoming Spring 2021 Semester.
In the Washington, DC office, internships run throughout the fall, spring or
summer semesters for college students. The hours are flexible to accommodate
students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Due to the
ongoing impact of COVID-19, our office will continue to take precautions,
including working remotely for the time being.
In Washington, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to check
voicemails, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend
hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various issues before the
House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office. If eligible, this internship includes a monthly
stipend.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to NY06_Intern_App@mail.house.gov

MEM-305-20

The Office of Congressman Ralph Norman (SC-05) is seeking interns in his
Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2021 session. The Spring session will take
place from January to May.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, assisting staff with legislative
research, processing constituent mail, drafting constituent correspondence,
compiling media clips, and performing other general office duties. Ideal
candidates should have a strong work ethic, strong written and verbal
communication skills, and possess a positive attitude. South Carolina ties are
encouraged but not required. The internship schedule is flexible to accommodate
classes.

Page 4 of 8

Interested candidates should apply by emailing their cover letter and resume
to Darcy.Merline@mail.house.gov by December 15th. Please indicate availability
in your cover letter.
MEM-303-20

A senior member serving on the House Financial Services Committee is seeking
a spring semester, financial services fellow to assist the Senior Advisor covering
the financial services portfolio. The person in this role will work on substantive
financial services issues ranging from banking, housing, capital markets, fintech,
insurance, monetary policy, etc.
This will not be a typical role answering phones or giving tours. You will be
attending hearings, monitoring legislation, assisting with industry and constituent
correspondence, auditing briefings, etc. You will gain an in-depth understanding
of working on the Hill and will have valuable exposure to the Financial Services
Committee and network. You should leave this role with a better understanding
of both the financial services industry as well as current policy that is impacting
the industry.
Ideal candidates must be hard working, have an interest in financial services, and
a willingness to learn. Graduate degree a plus. Candidates do not have to have a
background in financial services in order to be considered.
This is a paid opportunity. Interested candidates should send their resume
to Ashley.gunn@mail.house.gov.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Monitor Committee hearings and briefings.
Conduct legislative and policy research.
Track and monitor legislation.
Formulate hearing questions from witness testimony.
Assist with preparation of hearing, markup, and Floor briefing books.
Observe House proceedings.
Acquire an understanding of Committee mechanics.
Prepare memoranda on meetings, hearings, and briefings attended or researched.
Draft constituent correspondence

MEM-289-20

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, is seeking an energetic and
self-motivated student for a full-time internship for Spring 2021.
The position offers the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting
and fast-paced Subcommittee while participating directly in the oversight process
and learning about the day-to-day operations of the House of Representatives.

Page 5 of 8

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting staff in preparing for
congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research, drafting
memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with Executive Branch
and private sector officials. Interns play a key role in the office and will work
closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Background: The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to
investigate any matter at any time. The Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil
Liberties has jurisdiction over issues related to civil rights, civil liberties and the
equal protection of laws, including voting rights; freedom of religion, speech,
press, and assembly; equal employment; nondisclosure agreements; criminal
justice reform policies; and the Census Bureau.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an interest in public service and a desire
to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Law students preferred. Applicants should be available to
work full time.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a
cover letter and resume to Candyce.Phoenix@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2021
Internship Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-288-20

The Washington office of Congresswoman Val Demings seeks spring term
interns for her Washington, D.C. office.
Individual responsibilities will vary, but all interns will be asked to answer
phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings
and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues. Internship hours
are flexible, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session,
and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. This is a paid internship.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter with days of availability and a onepage writing sample to FL10.Internships@mail.house.gov. Please use “Internship
Application” in the subject line. Individuals selected for an interview will be
contacted. No phone calls or drop ins, please.

MEM-286-20

The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated,
personable and professional legislative intern for the Winter 2020 session.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing
skills, who pay close attention to detail. Maryland ties a plus. A stipend is
available.

Page 6 of 8

To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability
to employment@mail.house.gov. If you have further questions, please call the
Intern Coordinator at (202) 225-4016.
MEM-285-20

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Spring 2021.
Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, answer phones, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis,
and various other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required.
No phone calls, follow ups or drop ins, please.
Email FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov, with your resume, cover letter & a 1-2
page writing sample as a single PDF.

MEM-284-20

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a motivated
and reliable student to fill a full-time digital intern position in the spring.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation,
graphic design, manual photography, videography, website maintenance,
analytics and performing other press and administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, OBS Studio, as well as
compiling and interpreting social media analytics.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment and willingness to
learn is a must; sense of humor strongly encouraged. This position reports to the
communications director. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and portfolio
to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-283-20

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented student with a passion for
communications to fill a full-time press intern position in the spring.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task
in a fast-paced environment. Press intern responsibilities include, but are not
limited to, compiling press clips, maintaining press lists, and drafting press
releases. This position reports to the communications director and broader
communications team.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a
resume and cover letter to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

Page 7 of 8

MEM-282-20

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking virtual Winter interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned. Successful
candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working, detailoriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player. Nevada ties
are strongly preferred. Nevada residents will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Winter Intern” in the subject line.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.

Page 8 of 8

