________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 2, 2015
MEM-356-15

The Office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson (D-FL-24) seeks applicants
for part- and full-time, unpaid press internships in Washington, D.C., beginning
immediately.
Responsibilities include:
• Monitoring daily news and compiling press and broadcast clips
• Researching and drafting talking points, press releases and advisories, op-eds,
memos, letters, and social media posts
• Capturing and editing photos
• Assisting staff with interviews, press conferences, and committee hearings
• Providing administrative support and undertaking special projects
Applicants should be detail-oriented and possess strong written and verbal skills.
Please send your resume, three writing samples, and cover letter to
jean.roseme@mail.house.gov, with “Press Internship” in the subject, by
November 6, 2016. Indicate any Florida ties and availability in your cover letter.

Page 1 of 22

MEM-355-15

The Office of Congresswoman Jackie Speier (CA-14) is seeking spring semester
interns for the DC office. Qualified candidates will be able to multi-task and
thrive in a fast-paced work environment, while providing high-quality “customer
service” to our constituents. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
handling constituent correspondence, answering phones, booking and leading
constituent tours, attending hearings and briefings, and assisting legislative staff
where needed. Students and recent graduates with ties to California’s 14th district
are strongly preferred. Interested candidates should send their resume, cover
letter, and a short writing sample to speier.internships@mail.house.gov. Interns
will begin early to mid-January depending on their availability and end in midMay. Qualified candidates will be contacted for interview. No phone calls, please.

MEM-353-15

California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the winter 2015/2016
internship session. Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips,
assist with front office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and
conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a
congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical
thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications and writing skills
are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not required. Please submit
a cover letter, brief writing sample, and resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-352-15

Democratic Member of Congress seeks applicants for full-time or part-time
unpaid congressional internship to begin immediately. Duties will include
drafting memos, attending briefings, conducting legislative research for various
legislative issue areas, as well as assisting with front office and administrative
tasks. Strong candidates are self-starters, able to multi task, and will exhibit
strong writing and communication skills. New York ties are a plus but not
required. Interest in issues under the jurisdiction of the House Committees on
Energy and Commerce and Small Business as well as Caribbean affairs are a
plus. Please send a resume and writing sample to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.

MEM-348-15

Congressman Ted Lieu (D-CA) seeks unpaid interns for the Spring 2016
internship cycle. Interns will assist the legislative team with research projects and
constituent correspondence, compile press clips and conduct social media
projects, and perform clerical duties. Interns are also responsible for writing
cosponsorship, briefing, and hearing memos on topics of their choice to learn
more about the legislative process and particular issues. We expect interns to be
hard-working, friendly, and intelligent and possess strong writing and
communication skills. California ties are strongly preferred. Please send a
resume, writing sample, and dates of availability to lieu.staff@mail.house.gov
with “Spring 2016 Internship Application” as the subject line. Applications will
be accepted on a rolling basis until all spots are filled.

MEM-346-15

Congressman Himes (CT-04) seeks motivated interns available for the Winter/
Spring term in his Washington, DC office. Potential interns should be able to
work both independently and collaboratively, have good communication skills,
Page 2 of 22

and have an interest in the legislative process. Tasks will include fielding
constituent inquiries, drafting memos and letters, attending briefings, performing
research, leading tours of the capitol, and helping with administrative tasks.
Interns will also have the opportunity to learn more about and focus on their areas
of interest through letter-writing and attending briefings.
Interns will work closely with the Staff Assistant, Legislative Correspondent,
Legislative Assistants, and Scheduler on day-to day tasks and special projects.
Priority is given to applicants from Connecticut's 4th Congressional District,
although all interested persons are encouraged to apply. Further preference is
given to college students with Junior or Senior standing, and recent graduates.
Selection is based on an applicant's general office and computer experience, a
phone or in-person interview, and a short writing sample. Please submit a cover
letter, resume and a brief 1 to 3 page writing sample to the office of your choice
to himes.internship@mail.house.gov.
Applications due November 6, 2015.
MEM-345-15

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her District office
for unpaid Administrative/Outreach internships during the Fall/Spring 2015 term.
Interns will work in the District office assisting with various tasks.
Responsibilities include assisting with constituent files, gathering information
from federal agencies, and answering constituent calls. S/he will monitor
congressional inquiries through online databases.
Ideal candidates will be detailed oriented, well organized, and able to conduct
research. Interns should also possess strong written and verbal communication
skills and be able to operate in a professional setting. Undergraduates and recent
graduates with ties to Maryland are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a
resume, writing sample, and cover letter stating your availability by Friday,
November 6 to Corey.Daniels@mail.house.gov.

MEM-344-15

Democratic Leadership Office seeks highly motivated, part-time or full time
interns. Intern responsibilities include administrative duties and a few legislative
duties as necessary. Administrative support includes sorting mail, preparing
briefing binders, setting up events, and other special projects as assigned by staff.
The position requires the ability to multitask, strong organizational skills, and a
desire to work in a fast-paced environment. The internship is unpaid, but interns
will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience in a Democratic Leadership office.
Please send a resume and cover letter to deminternship@gmail.com. Please no
drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.

MEM-343-15

Congressman Tony Cárdenas is looking for interns to join his Washington, D.C.
team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting as soon as possible, for a
Page 3 of 22

duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: assisting with scheduling, answering phone calls,
attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the
U.S. Capitol. A hard-working intern in our office will eventually move on to
assisting staff with more complex, legislative and press-related projects.
Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email resume and cover letter in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-342-15

Democratic Member of the House seeks an unpaid intern for their DC office.
Responsibilities include assisting staff with general office duties, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones,
researching legislative issues, giving Capitol tours, greeting visitors and
performing various other tasks. Candidates should be energetic, enthusiastic and
able to thrive in a fast-paced working environment. Strong communication skills
are a must. Candidates should have a general understanding of the governmental
process, knowledge of North Carolina, and interest in the legislative process. If
interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample via email to:
nc12internjobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or walk-ins. Minorities,
LGBT and women are encouraged to apply. North Carolina ties preferred, but not
required.

MEM-341-15

Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-3) is currently seeking interns in his
Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2016 (January-May). Interns perform a
variety of responsibilities, including answering phones, receiving guests, and
providing tours of the Capitol Building. They will also research legislation for the
legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on
various issues before the House. Interns should possess strong research, writing,
analytical, and interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates should express an
interest in politics and conservative values. All internships are unpaid. However,
if your college or university offers credit hours we are happy to complete any
necessary evaluations. Interested candidates should contact Edward Rolwes and
email their resume and cover letter to: edward.rolwes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-340-15

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available full-time and part-time
internships for the 2015 Fall and 2015 Winter semesters in his Washington, D.C.
office beginning immediately. Interns will work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill
office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and
the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, answering
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building
tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
Page 4 of 22

opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist with correspondence, as
well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Interns will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Social media and other communications experience a
plus.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be able to
work both independently and as part of a team. Applicants should have working
knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist
with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred. Those interested please
send your resume and cover letter to ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.
MEM-339-15

Georgia Congressman David Scott seeks unpaid interns for spring semester.
Duties will include the following: attending hearings and briefings, responding to
constituent inquiries, researching legislation, conducting U.S. Capitol tours, and
basic administrative responsibilities. Qualified candidates must be highly
organized, responsible, detail oriented, possess excellent communication and
writing skills, and be able to multi-task. Georgia ties and/or an interest in
agriculture or financial services are preferred. All interested applicants should
send a resume, and cover letter to seema.ibrahim@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Name – Spring Internship Application.”

MEM-338-15

The Office of Representative Loretta Sanchez (CA-46) is seeking unpaid interns
for her Washington, DC office for the 2016 Spring Semester/Winter Quarter.
Candidates should have an interest in and knowledge of the legislative process,
possess excellent writing and communication skills, and have an understanding of
the American political system.
Interns will be responsible for projects such as writing congressional
correspondence, fielding constituent phone calls, and other requests. Additional
duties include, but are not limited to, leading Capitol building tours, attending
briefings and committee hearings, and conducting research on various legislative
issues. Applicants are expected to start in early January.
Individuals with Orange County, California ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Knowledge of the 46th Congressional District is strongly recommended.
Applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and 1-2 page writing sample to
CA46internships@mail.house.gov. Qualified applicants will be contacted for
interviews. No phone calls, please.

MEM-337-15

Democratic Congressman Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking highly motivated
interns to join his Washington D.C. office. Interns will have the chance to
experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a congressional office and gain valuable
work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the
legislative process. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and
briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with
Page 5 of 22

tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence
letters on various issues before the House. Qualified applicants must possess
excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to
detail and ability to function in a fast-paced environment.
Full-time 3 month internship positions are available beginning November 16,
2015. CA-31 and/or California ties are preferred but not required. Internships are
unpaid, however current students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply,
please send your resume by November 9, 2015 to
Chelsea.Glynn@mail.house.gov.
MEM-336-15

The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an experienced
unpaid communications intern to assist with day-to-day operations and special
projects in the Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be soon-to-be or
recent college graduates with a preferred major in PR, journalism, English, or
communications. Interested applicants must be able to commit to at least 30 hours
per week. Qualified candidates will have a previous internship in
communications, journalism, a political office or on the Hill, excellent writing
skills, and a positive attitude and sense of humor. Photoshop experience is a plus.
Intern responsibilities will include monitoring news on relevant policy areas and
compile media reports, drafting social media posts and graphics on legislation,
issue positions, and news items. Interns will also help brainstorm creative ways to
concisely convey complex policy initiatives, draft press material, proof and edit
documents from Senior Staff, and assist the Communications Director with
special projects. Interested candidates should send their resume and two brief
writing samples to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com. Writing samples may
include: press release, advisory, professional Facebook post & corresponding
tweet, school newspaper article, etc.

MEM-335-15

The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid
intern for Spring 2016. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and
professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities
will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the
form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting
research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending
hearings. Western ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates
should send their resume, a cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
WesternStateIntern@gmail.com.

MEM-334-14

Internships are currently available in Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren’s (CA-19)
Washington, D.C. office. Congresswoman Lofgren represents California’s 19th
Congressional District, which lies in the heart of California’s “Silicon Valley”.
Interns have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a busy
congressional office and gain invaluable work experience. This is an excellent
opportunity for those interested in the legislative process. Interns’ responsibilities
will vary—in addition to answering phones and running errands around the
Page 6 of 22

Capitol, interns will have the opportunity to attend hearings and briefings,
research legislation for legislative staff, and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent writing and analytical skills, a
demonstrated work ethic, and ability to function in a fast-paced environment. A
successful candidate will be motivated, able to multitask, and have the ability to
work well under pressure. Full-time internship positions are available beginning
November 2, 2015. Internships are unpaid.
CA-19 and/or California ties are preferred but not required. Interested applicants
should apply through http://lofgren.house.gov.
MEM-333-15

Senior Republican Congressman is seeking a highly motivated, full-time intern
that can start immediately upon acceptance. The individual should be able to
multi-task and be prepared to work in a fast-paced office. Some responsibilities
include attending briefings, answering phones, guiding tours of the Capitol,
assisting with constituent correspondence and mail, and working on various
projects for the staff as needed. North Carolina ties are encouraged, but not
required. In order to apply, please send capitolhill45@gmail.com a resume and
cover letter with “NC Intern Application” in the subject line.

MEM-332-15

The Office of Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-FL) has openings
for full-time and part-time interns to support our administrative, legislative, and
press teams. Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending
legislative briefings and hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent
mail, giving Capitol tours, and assisting with special projects.
Applicants should be enthusiastic, reliable, professional, hardworking, and have
strong writing and communication skills. South Florida ties are preferred, but not
required. Internships begin in early to mid-January and run through the semester.
These positions are unpaid. Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover
letter, and one-page writing sample to RepDWSresumes@gmail.com by
November 23. Location: Washington, DC.

MEM-329-15

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently
seeking undergraduate interns for Fall 2015 (available to start immediately) and
Spring 2016 (available to start in January). We are also accepting graduate and/or
fellowship applications for both labor and education for Spring 2016 (available to
start in January).
Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and
media work. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to, legislative
research, assembling information, assisting staff during hearing and markup
preparation and execution, and attending hearings, markups, briefings and
meetings. Media work may include assisting staff to organize and staff
Page 7 of 22

Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news
clips relating to Committee’s issues. Undergraduate Interns are also trained to
perform administrative duties, such as answering phones, and sorting and
distributing mail.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter and resume to
jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
MEM-328-15

The Office of Congressman Reid Ribble is seeking qualified candidates to intern
in our Washington, D.C. office starting in January 2016. We are interested in
candidates of all academic disciplines.
Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office administration,
legislative research, constituent correspondence, and other duties as assigned.
Administration will include daily tasks such as welcoming guests, being aware of
the Congressman’s and staff’s schedules, answering phones, constituent tours,
mail administration, and other duties. Legislative research and constituent
correspondence will include being aware of current and pending legislation,
researching legislation for constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and
other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
the drive to take the initiative in a fast-paced environment.
This is an unpaid position. If candidates have any questions or wish to apply,
please send a cover letter, resume and writing sample to
dominique.yantko@mail.house.gov.

MEM-327-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Luis V. Gutiérrez is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill internship positions in the
fall of 2015. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering
phones, conducting Capitol Tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings,
conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast paced
environment, an eagerness to learn about the legislative process, as well as a
minimum four day per week availability. Internships are unpaid. Spanish-fluency
and Illinois ties are a plus.
Please send a résumé, cover letter, and dates of availability to
gutierrezopportunities@gmail.com with “Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-326-15

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
Page 8 of 22

congressional internship for Spring 2016. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are
preferred. Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per
week. Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and times
available (start and end dates as well as days per week) to
CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, CA52
Internship” in the subject line.
MEM-325-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Alcee L. Hastings is seeking
motivated, organized and hard-working candidates to intern full time or part
time. Intern responsibilities include, but not limited to, answering constituent
calls, sorting constituent correspondence, conducting legislative research, writing
memoranda, attending briefings and hearings, and conducting U.S. Capitol Tours.
Applicants should have strong written and oral communications skills,
exceptional interpersonal skills, an interest in policy and government and the
ability to work in a fast pace environment. Internships are unpaid but present an
excellent way to learn the legislative process and gain Capitol Hill experience.
Please send a résumé, cover letter, and dates of availability to
deborah.posey@mail.house.gov with “Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-324-15

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov by December 1st.

MEM-323-15

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated,
flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a
preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus,
Page 9 of 22

but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
1-2 page writing sample to michelle.serrato@mail.house.gov.
MEM-322-15

Congressman Joe Wilson (SC-02) is currently seeking interns for the
Washington, D.C. office to start immediately.
Qualified candidates will possess an interest in the legislative process, excellent
writing and communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a willingness to
learn and take on new tasks.
Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to, assisting staff with general
office duties, attending hearings/briefings for staff members, answering phones,
sorting through mail, drafting response letters, and giving tours of the U.S.
Capitol. Candidates should be highly motivated and have good communication
skills. This position is unpaid, but does offer a great educational experience for
anyone with aspirations of working on Capitol Hill.
All interested applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to
sc02.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-321-15

North Carolina Democrat seeks an unpaid Communications Intern for her
Washington, D.C. office. Duties include tracking press clips and traffic on social
media networks, updating and maintaining press contact lists, drafting press
releases, and assisting with the office's day-to-day communications operation.
Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications, new media,
or journalism. North Carolina ties are a plus. Women and minorities are
encouraged to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter to
nc12internjobs@gmail.com.

MEM-320-15

California Democratic Congressman Jared Huffman is seeking current college
students or recent college graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for a
full-time or part-time internship. We are seeking motivated, organized, and
reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-today duties. Such duties include attending briefings and hearings, answering
phones, drafting constituent correspondence letters, doing legislative research,
and various other tasks.
The internship is unpaid, though interns will gain valuable Hill and office
experience as well as have access to many unique Hill opportunities.
Page 10 of 22

Congressman Huffman represents California’s 2nd congressional district, which
extends along the Pacific coast, from the Golden Gate Bridge to the Oregon
border. California ties are preferred, but not necessary. Please send resume and
cover letter to DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov.
MEM-319-15

Nevada Republican seeks a legislative intern for January 2016 and/or Spring
2016. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable
exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States
Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours,
and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with correspondence, as
well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, receptions, and press
events.
Legislative Internship Qualifications:
Our office is looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as
well as part of a team environment. Applicants should have working knowledge
of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to do assist with daily
office tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Legislative Internship Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00am6:00pm). Students welcome to apply. Those interested please send cover letter,
updated resume, and references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.

MEM-318-15

Nevada Republican seeks an unpaid communications intern for January 2016
and/or Spring 2016. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the communications process and the
United States Congress. Communication intern responsibilities include tracking
and reporting on social media and news story comments, drafting social media
posts, establishing and managing a twitter account, and reaching out to
local/national reporters on social media. Interns will also have the opportunity to
attend events and committee meetings to take photos and videos, work with the
communications director to put press releases on the website, and assist with
writing projects at the discretion of the communications director. Interns will also
help facilitate our constituent communications program and guide constituents on
tours of the US Capitol building.
Communications Intern Qualifications:
Our office seeks an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently
and as a member of a team environment. Applicants must have a working
Page 11 of 22

knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist
with daily communication tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Communications Intern Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00 am6:00 pm) with the option of working full-time, spring semester beginning in
January. Students are welcome to apply. If interested, please send a cover letter,
updated resume, sample of a social media post for a congressperson, and
references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.
MEM-317-15

Congressman Adam Kinzinger (IL-16) is looking for unpaid interns in his
Washington, DC office for the 2015 fall and spring semesters. Interns will
observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand
knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading Capitol
tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative
projects, and attending briefings and hearings. Ideal candidates should have a
strong work ethic, be energetic and engaging, and possess a positive attitude.
Candidates with Illinois ties are encouraged to apply. Please send resume and
cover letter (with availability) to internsIL16@gmail.com.

MEM-315-15

Seeking intern who will report to the Intern Coordinator/Supervisor.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to assist in performing clerking duties, processing the mail, data entry, reception
duties and other office errands.
DUTIES:
• Sorts and distributes mail;
• Performs data entry, including logging in incoming letters;
• Answers the telephones;
• Assists staff with Committee business including: Hearings, Briefings, and
Business Meetings;
• Performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
To apply for this position, please send an email to
Brett.Cozzolino@mail.house.gov with a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample.

MEM-314-15

Illinois Representative Mike Bost is looking for college students or recent grads
for a Congressional internship. These internships are available now on either a
full-time or part-time basis. Qualified candidates will be highly organized,
prompt, responsible, and ready to work in a fast paced environment. Strong oral
and communication skills are a must. Daily duties will include assisting staff,
answering phones, organizing mail, giving tours of the Capitol Building, and
attending hearings and briefings for legislative staff. Interns will gain valuable
Capitol Hill experience and further their understanding of the legislative process.
Page 12 of 22

Illinois ties are preferred but not necessary. All interested applicants should email their resume and/or cover letter to midwestinternship@gmail.com.
MEM-313-15

Florida Republican is seeking interns for early January through May 2016.
Qualified candidates will be hardworking, motivated self-starters, detail-oriented,
and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Daily duties as an
intern will include providing general constituents services in the form of
answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting
research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending
hearings. Florida ties are a plus but not a requirement. This internship is unpaid,
however, individuals will gain invaluable experience. Please send a resume and
cover letter to FloridaConservativeRepublican@gmail.com with subject line
“Intern” for consideration.

MEM-312-15

The Washington, DC office of Rep. Mark Sanford (SC-01) seeks applicants for
unpaid fulltime internships for the fall season. Applicants should be able to
competently handle telephone calls, be well-organized, have an eye for detail,
possess strong writing skills, be generally knowledgeable of legislative and
related issues, and be able to complete tasks as directed. Main duties include
answering telephones, logging constituent calls, giving tours of the Capitol to
visitors, opening and sorting mail, and assisting with other projects. Interns will
have many opportunities to take on additional responsibilities within the office, at
the discretion of staff. Interest in fiscal responsibility and ties to South Carolina
preferred. Anyone interested should send a resume to Martha@mail.house.gov.

MEM-311-15

The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is currently
accepting applications for Spring 2015. Intern responsibilities include
researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings
and briefings, answering phones, day to day office duties, and answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House of Representatives. As a
result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of
a congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30
PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to
MeehanDCIntern@gmail.com. The deadline to apply is November 20, 2015. Ties
to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District are preferred, but not required.

MEM-310-15

The DC office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from Washington’s 6th
district, is looking for personable, diligent full or part-time interns to start for the
upcoming Late Fall/Winter term. This is an opportunity to learn about the innerworkings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment.
The internship allows access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide
range of important issues. Responsibilities include assisting with constituent
correspondence, producing daily press clips, and leading tours of the Capitol.
This is a unique opportunity and prime for students or recent grads who are
interested in learning about the legislative process or may eventually want to
Page 13 of 22

work for the federal government. To apply, please send a resume, contact
information for two references, and a cover letter outlining your interest in the
position to nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within
a week. Those with Washington state ties strongly encouraged to apply. We look
forward to hearing from you!
MEM-309-15

The Office of Congressman Juan Vargas (CA-51) is currently seeking interns for
the Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2015 semester.
Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to, assisting staff with
legislative research, administrative office duties, attending hearings/briefings for
staff members, answering phones, sorting through mail, drafting response letters,
and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol. This position is unpaid, but does offer a
great educational experience for anyone with aspirations of working on the Hill.
Ideal candidates should have good communication skills and a positive attitude.
California ties and Economics/Business majors are preferred.
All interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
daniel.gaytan@mail.house.gov.

MEM-308-15

Energetic NY Democrat is seeking a highly motivated Legal Fellow to assist
with a number of issues, including criminal justice, intellectual property, and
financial services. Responsibilities include analyzing policy issues, drafting
memos, researching policy positions, and assisting extremely active legislative
staff as needed. The ideal candidate is a law school student or recent law school
graduate and should possess strong communication skills, attention to detail, and
the ability to operate in a fast-paced environment. Candidates with New York ties
and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. This
fellowship is unpaid but is eligible for school credit where applicable.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample to
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov with “Legal Fellowship” in the subject line.
Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-307-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04) seeks highly
motivated interns, full time or part time, for Fall 2015. Successful candidates
will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and professional.
Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will:
answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the
US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative
research. Internships are unpaid, but arrangements may be made to earn academic
credit.

Page 14 of 22

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
OR04.InternCoordinator@mail.house.gov. Candidates with Oregon ties are
strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-306-15

Democratic Congressman Mike Honda is seeking interns for the fall.
Interns will:
‐ Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting incoming mail,
greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
‐ Assist in the preparation of letters to constituents.
‐ Perform legislative research.
‐ Respond to requests from constituents.
‐ Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
‐ Sit in on meetings with stakeholders.
‐ Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the legislative process.
Candidates with full-time availability are highly preferred. Additionally, ties to
the Bay Area and additional languages are preferred.
Congressman Mike Honda represents California’s 17th Congressional District,
which includes much of Silicon Valley. He serves on the prestigious
Appropriations Committee’s subcommittees on Commerce, Justice, and Science
and on Energy and Water. He is a champion of progressive ideals has a strong
focus on education, civil rights, and science and technology policy.
Applicants should email a resume and cover letter to:
bayareademocrat@gmail.com.

MEM-305-15

The Office of Congressman Trent Franks (R-AZ) seeks Fall 2015 interns for his
Washington D.C. office. Candidates should be energetic, hard-working, eager to
learn, and able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interns will be responsible for answering phones, speaking with constituents
about legislative affairs, scheduling and giving Capitol tours, attending briefings,
and supporting the legislative staff. Other responsibilities may include editing or
writing briefs, doing research on current legislation, planning events on the Hill,
and responding to constituent mail.
Interested candidates should email a current resume to
Chelsea.Patterson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-304-15

Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for January through May 2016. Main responsibilities include
answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
researching legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There
will also be opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest.
Page 15 of 22

Candidates should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate
(with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred.
Please e-mail your cover letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at
samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.
MEM-301-15

Louisiana Republican seeks full and part time intern(s) to start immediately in
Washington, DC office. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
greeting constituents, answering phone calls, opening and sorting mail,
scheduling and guiding US Capitol Building tours, and assisting staff with
administrative tasks. Interns are also provided the opportunity to conduct
legislative research and attend briefings, hearing, and press events.
Ideal candidate will have excellent written and verbal communication skills,
strong work ethic, ability to multi-task, and a positive attitude.
Southern ties preferred, but not necessary.
Those interested please send resumes to Ann.Pierce@mail.house.gov with “Intern
Application” in the subject line.

MEM-300-15

Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for
his Spring and Summer 2016 internship program in his Washington, D.C. office.
He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated, detail-oriented, and
personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing
abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will
have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the
legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities will include
answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on
various projects. Although internships are unpaid, the office is happy to fill out
any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or
university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates
should email a resume and cover letter to Victoria.Bell@mail.house.gov.

MEM-298-15

Communications office for Democratic Leadership seeks a driven and dedicated
press intern to assist a fast-paced press team with daily operations to start
immediately. This is an unpaid, full-time, Monday through Friday position.
Job Description: Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to: answering
phones, fielding reporter inquiries, assisting with the management of press
events, helping to monitor press clips, tracking social media and breaking news,
and transcribing interviews, speeches, and remarks.
Requirements: Interns should have a demonstrated interest in political
communication. Applicants should have strong writing and proofreading skills,
an ability to handle high-pressure situations, and a solid understanding of politics
Page 16 of 22

and the legislative process. Prior Hill experience and/or social media and Spanish
language skills are a plus.
Please e-mail resume and cover letter to taylor.griffin@mail.house.gov.
MEM-296-15

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) is pleased to announce the availability of fulltime and part-time Congressional Communications Internships in his
Washington, D.C. office beginning immediately.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill office, gaining valuable exposure
and knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress. Intern
responsibilities will include working closely with the Communications Director
to draft messaging documents and respond to press inquiries messaging.
Additionally intern responsibilities will include greeting constituents, answering
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building
tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist with correspondence, as
well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills as well as social media and other
communications experience. Additionally, ideal candidates will be self-starters,
take and listen to direction, and be able to work both independently and as part of
a team.
Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics as
well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly
preferred. Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.

MEM-295-15

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as
recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its
Fall 2015 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member
services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support.
Please note that this is not a paid internship. Interested applicants should send a
cover letter, resume, and available hours to CHADem.Intern@mail.house.gov
with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship.”

MEM-294-15

The Office of Congressman Garret Graves (LA-06) is currently seeking interns
for the Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2015 semester. Intern responsibilities
include but are not limited to, assisting staff with general office duties, attending
Page 17 of 22

hearings/briefings for staff members, answering phones, sorting through mail,
drafting response letters, and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol. Qualified
applicants should be organized, enthusiastic and professional with have excellent
written and oral communication skills. This position is unpaid, but does offer a
great educational experience for anyone with aspirations of working on the Hill.
Having Louisiana ties is a plus. All interested applicants should send a cover
letter and resume to Chelsea.Keene@mail.house.gov.
MEM-291-15

The Washington, DC, office of a high profile Member of Congress has unpaid
Press internship openings to begin immediately until end of the year.
Press interns are expected to work long hours and commit between 3-5 days per
week. Internship duties include, but are not limited to compiling and daily clips,
drafting press releases and op-eds, proofreading and editing, maintaining press
lists, updating Member's communications calendar, website and social media
platforms. Intern may also assist with answering phones, incoming and outgoing
mail, addressing constituent concerns, and assisting the Legislative/District office
staff. Strong writing skills are needed and familiarity with new media and
website development is a plus. Priority will be given to those with journalism or
communications education/experience.
The ideal candidate will be creative, motivated, mature, detail-orientated, and
possess the ability to multi-task under high pressure. This is a great opportunity
for college students and recent graduates. Women and minorities, especially
those with Spanish language fluency, are highly encouraged to apply.
To apply for the position, please send your cover letter, resume and writing
sample addressed to the Comm. Director at ny13intern@gmail.com with the
subject: Press Intern.

MEM-290-15

Congressman Himes’ Washington D.C. office (CT-04) seeks motivated interns
available to start immediately. Potential interns should be able to work
independently, have good communication skills, and have an interest in the
legislative process. Tasks will include fielding constituent inquiries, drafting
memos and letters, attending briefings, leading tours of the capitol and helping
with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to learn more
about and focus on their issues of interest, through letter-writing and briefings.
Interns will work closely with the Staff Assistant, Legislative Correspondent,
Legislative Assistants, and Scheduler on day-to day tasks and special projects.
Connecticut ties and full time availability preferred but not required.
Interested parties should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to
Kamilah.Tisdale@mail.house.gov.

MEM-289-15

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid full-time press intern
with exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring
Page 18 of 22

interesting and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks
as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills.
All interested and qualified candidates should email a resume and two writing
samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject “Press Internship” to:
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
MEM-288-15

Southern Republican is seeking interns for the Fall 2015 semester to join the
Washington, DC office. Ideal candidates will have excellent written and verbal
communication skills as this position involves significant constituent interaction.
Applicants must be detail oriented, professional, and highly organized.
Responsibilities include scheduling and conducting Capitol tours, processing
constituent mail, answering phones, conducting general administrative tasks, and
supporting policy staff with various projects.
Interested applicants may send a resume and cover letter to
eliza.thurston@mail.house.gov.

MEM-287-15

Congressman Tim Walz (MN-01) is seeking prospective interns available to start
immediately. Applicants should be highly-motivated, well-organized and eager
to assist with the legislative, communications and administrative needs of the
office. Such duties include, but are not limited to, attending briefings, answering
phones, drafting constituent response letters, conducting research, giving tours of
the Capitol and various other administrative tasks. Applicants should possess an
interest in the legislative process, as well as strong written and verbal
communications skills. Minnesota ties are a plus, but not required.
Applications accepted for both full and part-time positions (min. 20 hours per
week). This is an unpaid position.
To be considered, please send a resume, cover letter and at least three (3)
references ASAP to: alyssa.berg@mail.house.gov.

MEM-286-15

Midwest Republican is currently seeking interns in his Washington, D.C. office
for fall 2015 (September-December). Interns perform a variety of
responsibilities, including answering phones, receiving guests, and providing
tours of the Capitol Building. They will also research legislation for the
legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on
various issues before the House. Interns should possess strong research, writing,
analytical, and interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates should express an
interest in politics and conservative values.
All internships are unpaid. However, if your college or university offers credit
hours we are happy to complete any necessary evaluations.
Interested candidates should email their resume and cover letter to
Page 19 of 22

MOCongressionalInternship@gmail.com.
MEM-282-15

Intern needed to start immediately. Stipend available. Please indicate any
connections to Minnesota in your cover letter's first paragraph.
We are seeking energetic and proficient interns in the Washington, D.C. office of
Congresswoman Betty McCollum (MN04). An internship in Congresswoman
McCollum’s office will provide valuable experience to students as they prepare
for their professional careers. Interns have the opportunity to work with and assist
all members of the staff, including legislative, administrative, outreach and press
duties. Washington, DC interns will be encouraged to take advantage of the
many hearings, workshops and seminars that are held on Capitol Hill.
In addition, we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for
academic credit. Applicants should be highly motivated and enthusiastic, as there
are far more applicants than available positions.
Minnesota ties are strongly preferred.
Responsibilities include:
• Supporting administrative staff: answering phones, database entry, and sorting
mail.
• Supporting legislative staff: tracking constituent correspondence, drafting
letters, and conducting light research.
• Attending briefings and hearings for legislative staff.
• Compiling news clips.
• Promoting constituent outreach efforts by communicating with constituents and
constituent groups, attending meetings and events, and drafting correspondence.

Hours:
• Internships are available year‐round.
• They are available on a part‐time or full‐time basis. Minimum 25 hours a week.
• Transportation and housing are the responsibility of interns.
Application process:
Applicants should send a cover letter, available hours and a resume.
Those interested in a Washington, DC internship should email
scheduler_mn04dc@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate any Minnesota ties in the first paragraph of your cover letter.
MEM-281-15

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the fall 2015 semester. Interns will work in
a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of
the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the
Page 20 of 22

opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as
attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able
to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as
well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and
resume. Availability must be in cover letter.
MEM-279-15

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available full-time and part-time, unpaid
internships for the 2015 Fall and 2015 Winter semesters in his Washington, D.C.
office beginning immediately. Interns will work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill
office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and
the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents,
answering constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol
building tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have
the opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist with correspondence, as
well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Interns will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Social media and other communications experience a
plus. Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be
able to work both independently and as part of a team. Applicants should have
working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to
assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Those interested please send resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.

MEM-278-15

Congresswoman Mimi Walters (CA-45), a Republican freshman member who
holds a GOP leadership positon, seeks part-time interns to start immediately in
her DC office. Responsibilities will include but are not limited to administrative
duties, legislative research, helping with mail, assisting with tours and other
constituent services.
Preference is for an individual who can work part-time from now through
December. California ties are preferred, but not necessary.
If interested please send a resume and a brief cover letter to
Page 21 of 22

InternshipsCA45@gmail.com with “Internship Application” in the subject line.
MEM-277-15

Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks part time/full time hard working intern
for fall 2015. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone
calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending
various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication
skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest
in learning more about the legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov.
Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.

Page 22 of 22

