________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 17, 2017

MEM-131-17

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a press intern to
serve in the Washington, D.C. office between May through August. Candidates
should be well organized, have good oral and written communication skills, and
possess a strong interest in learning about press operations, the political process,
and congressional affairs. The intern will assist in the day-to-day operations of a
DC Congressional office by supporting congressional staff with press clips and
constituent communication and will help to draft press releases, prep memos, and
social media posts, in addition to assisting with legislative research and
administrative activities. Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please
note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume,
writing sample, and cover letter to Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or
walk-ins please.

MEM-128-17

“A member of House Democratic Leadership is seeking a full-time summer press
intern with exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties include assisting with
daily news clips, compiling news research, drafting media releases/advisories and
social media content, maintaining press contact lists and editing video clips. Prior
campaign or communications experience preferred, but not required. This
position requires attention to detail, strong writing ability and grammar skills. All
Page 1 of 7

interested and qualified candidates should email a resume and three writing
samples to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press
Internship””
MEM-126-17

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Tom Reed is currently seeking full
– or part – time interns for the Summer 2017 session. The internship runs from
May 2017 to August 2017. Ideal candidates should be professional, dependable,
and possess strong communication skills. Intern responsibilities include
answering phones, giving guided tours of the Capitol, constituent
correspondence, attending hearing and briefings, and other legislative projects.
Internships are unpaid, but are a great opportunity to gain professional and
educational experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
New York ties are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should send
their resume, cover letter, and a writing sample with the subject line “Summer
Internship” to samara.brown@mail.house.gov.

MEM-125-17

The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff is
seeking a motivated and reliable digital intern to fill a spring and summer
position. This is an excellent opportunity to those who are interested in digital
design, social media, technology, and the congressional process. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation, analytics,
photography, videography, and performing other press and administrative tasks
as necessary. Successful candidates will possess skills in Adobe programs, CMS,
manual photography, analytics, and an ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Please send a résumé, cover letter, and portfolio to
Oversight.Democrats@mail.house.gov, with “Digital Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-121-17

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce
Subcommittee on Oversight & Investigations is seeking a summer 2017 full-time
or part-time legal fellow available to start in May or early June 2017. Preference
will be given to candidates available to work full-time. Fellows will gain
firsthand knowledge of Congressional oversight on a range of issues within the
Committee’s jurisdiction, including healthcare, energy and environment,
telecommunications, and more. Responsibilities include organizing materials for
staff, aiding in preparation for Congressional hearings, research, writing and
editing, and document review, including but not limited to legislation and federal
regulations. Successful candidates will be dependable, organized, and possess
exceptionally strong written and verbal communication skills. This internship is
unpaid.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply.

Page 2 of 7

Please send your resume, a cover letter, and a writing sample (5 pages max.) to:
InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.
MEM-115-17

The Office of Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks a full time, unpaid intern
for immediate hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering
phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours,
attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication
skills, ability to work in a fast-paced working environment, and have an interest
in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
mark.galay@mail.house.gov.

MEM-112-17

Representative Claudia Tenney (NY-22) seeks interns for the Summer Semester.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing
mail, answering telephones, attending hearings and briefings, and any other office
tasks. Ideal candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written
communication skills. College credit is available if necessary. Preference will be
given to New York natives; however, all are encouraged to apply. This internship
is unpaid. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
Joan.Stanton@mail.house.gov with “Summer Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-107-17

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns to fill spring and summer positions.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting
legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and
congressional affairs. California ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter
and dates of availability to Peter.Durkin@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-106-17

Democratic Congressman Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking highly motivated
interns to join his Washington D.C. office. Interns will have the chance to
experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a congressional office and gain valuable
work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the
legislative process. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and
briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with
tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence
letters on various issues before the House. Qualified applicants must possess
excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to
detail and ability to function in a fast-paced environment.
Full-time summer internship positions are available beginning in early June.
Southern California ties are preferred. Internships are unpaid, however current
Page 3 of 7

students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply, please send cover letter,
resume and brief writing sample to parker.dorrough@mail.house.gov by April 10,
2017.
MEM-104-17

The office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson seeks a press intern for the
Washington, D.C. Office. Responsibilities include assembling daily news clips,
drafting news releases and social media content, conducting research, and
assisting the communications director with other tasks as needed. Additionally,
the intern will shadow the communications director at committee hearings and
relevant media events. Candidates must possess strong writing skills and will be
asked to take a writing test. A background in communications, media
relations/public affairs or journalism is preferred, but not required.
All interested candidates should email Nnemdilim.ubezonu@mail.house.gov with
resume and cover letter attached.

MEM-101-17

Congressman André Carson (D-IN) is seeking a professional, dependable, and
hardworking student or recent graduate for a press internship. Duties will
include drafting press releases and social media content, updating press lists,
compiling and distributing daily press clips, media monitoring, answering the
office phone, and other communications and administrative tasks as assigned.
Indiana connections are favorable but not required. Internship to start as soon as a
qualified candidate is identified. Scheduling is flexible.
Please send a resume, brief cover letter, and one short writing sample to
internscarson@gmail.com with “Press Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-100-17

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) has immediate openings for unpaid fulltime and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be
motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability,
and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a
plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
1-2 page writing sample to Lujan.Tours@mail.house.gov.

MEM-099-17

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
legislative interns for the summer in our Washington, D.C. office. Interns in our
office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career
and educational experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent
correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing
Page 4 of 7

legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and
supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! All
internships are unpaid. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Andrew.ONeill@mail.house.gov with “2017 Pocan Summer Internship” in the
subject line.
MEM-098-17

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the summer of 2017. Interns will work in a
fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the
legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as
attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude,
strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to
work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and resume.
Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted for
consideration.

MEM-097-17

West Coast Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional
organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in their
Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent
constituent service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting
constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls
and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general
office administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and
work well in a team environment. Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to
calgopinternship@gmail.com.

MEM-096-17

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this summer.
Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the
legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
Page 5 of 7

correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties.
Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are
strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-090-17

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office. Candidates should be collegial, professional,
quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written
communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include
assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing
memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter
and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-089-17

The House Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks a qualified
graduate or undergraduate press intern for the Spring 2017 Semester. An
internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Press interns will compile daily news clips, draft news
releases and social media content, conduct research, and assist with
administrative tasks such as updating media lists. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings, media briefings or media events on
subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction. A background in journalism,
public relations or general communications is preferred, but not required.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are encouraged to apply.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two
references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov, with “Spring Press
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-088-17

The House Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks qualified
graduate and undergraduate interns for the Summer 2017 program. An internship
with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give students a
thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative
process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with
administrative tasks such as answering phones, organizing documents, and
preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to perform legislative research, shadow staff at hearings and

Page 6 of 7

markups, and attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction.
The ideal candidate is an organized and committed student or recent graduate
who is eager to join a fast-paced environment and interested in learning more
about the legislative process. Superior writing and communication skills,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is
preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov with
“Summer 2017 Internship” in the subject line.

Page 7 of 7

