________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 19, 2021

MEM-263-21

The office of Congressman Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking candidates for fulltime Fall internships in our Washington, DC and Albany offices.
Interns will work with legislative and casework staff to learn about all operations
of a congressional office. We look for applicants who possess strong oral and
written communication skills and who are passionate about public service, eager
to learn, and detail oriented. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities may include:
- Answering phones
- Writing letters to constituents on a variety of policy topics
- Assisting constituents with matters related to federal agencies
- Researching legislation for the Member and staff
- Collecting daily press clips and drafting social media posts
- Attending hearings and briefings
To apply for an internship in my Washington, D.C. office, please email a cover
letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to Miranda
Miller at Miranda.Miller@mail.house.gov.
To apply for an internship in my Albany office, please email a cover letter,
resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to Nadja Pope
at Nadja.Pope@mail.house.gov
Page 1 of 17

MEM-259-21

Republican Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is seeking paid, in-person
interns in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2021 term, running from
August to December.
Functioning as a key part of the staff, our interns help draft constituent
correspondence, memos, and press clips, research legislation, take phone calls,
and assist with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or
recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fastpaced setting.
The ideal candidate possesses strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. California ties are preferred, but not required and academic credit is
available for qualifying students.
Interested candidates should apply by emailing their cover letter and resume to
both Haley.Slaybaugh@mail.house.gov and Sage.Milestone@mail.house.gov by
July 23rd.

MEM-258-21

The Office of Congressman Ralph Norman (R-SC-05) is seeking highly
motivated interns in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2021 session, which
will run from August to December. Start and end dates are flexible.
Interns will perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable
career and educational experience. Specific duties will include answering phones,
assisting with legislative research, processing constituent mail, attending policy
briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, compiling media clips, and
performing other general office duties.
Ideal candidates should have a strong work ethic, strong written and verbal
communication skills, and possess a positive attitude. South Carolina ties are
encouraged but not required.
Interested candidates should apply by sending a resume, cover letter, and brief
writing sample to SC05NormanInterns@mail.house.gov. Please indicate
availability in your cover letter. The deadline for applications is Friday, July 30th,
but candidates are encouraged to submit their applications early.

MEM-257-21

DIGITAL INTERN
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a motivated
and reliable student to fill a full-time digital intern position this fall.

Page 2 of 17

Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation,
graphic design, manual photography, videography, website maintenance,
analytics and performing other press and administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, OBS Studio, as well as
compiling and interpreting social media analytics.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment and willingness to
learn is a must; sense of humor strongly encouraged. This position reports to the
communications director. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov
MEM-256-21

PRESS INTERN
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented student with a passion for
communications to fill a full-time press intern position this fall. The ideal
candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task in a fastpaced environment.
Press intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, compiling press clips,
maintaining press lists, and drafting press releases. This position reports to the
communications director and broader communications team. Candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume to oversightpress@mail.house.gov

MEM-251-21

The House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, Civilian
Security, Migration and International Economic Policy – chaired by
Congressman Albio Sires (D-NJ) – is seeking one full-time intern for Fall 2021.
The legislative intern will work closely with subcommittee staff while learning
the inner workings of Congress and the legislative process. Successful candidates
will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detail-oriented, with strong
writing and communication skills and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced work
environment.
The internship is a U.S. based remote eligible position beginning the week of
August 30. Undergraduate or graduate school students and recent alumni
interested in foreign affairs and Western Hemisphere policy are encouraged to
apply.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: providing administrative and
research support to staff, assisting with subcommittee hearings and briefings,
Page 3 of 17

attending virtual events and writing memorandum for staff, among other
administrative and research assignments. Spanish, French or Portuguese
proficiency preferred but not required.
Qualified applicants should send a one-page resume and cover letter
to WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Fall 2021 Internship
Application.” Minorities, women, and LGBTQIA+ individuals and those with
disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. Please be sure to include your
preferred start and end date. No calls or drop-ins.
MEM-249-21

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking a full or part-time
press intern to assist a fast-paced press team in Washington D.C for Fall 2021.
Intern duties include drafting press releases and advisories, drafting digital
content, sorting press clips, and assisting the press team with a variety of projects
as needed. The ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills and is passionate
about public service. Adobe Premiere skills a plus. Preference will be given to
candidates who have completed their first year of college, who have Pennsylvania
ties, and who are majoring in Communications, Journalism, Public Relations,
English, Government or other related fields.
At the top of your cover letter, please indicate that you are specifically interested
in the press internship. Please be advised that though this is a press-focused
internship, regular intern duties will also be assigned.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date
and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com. Deadline to apply is Friday, August
6, 2021.

MEM-248-21

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking full or part-time
interns to assist her legislative team in Washington D.C. for Fall 2021.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with
availability beginning in September. A preference will be given for those who
can stay at least three months. Intern responsibilities include answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and
assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas.
Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written
communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a
good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged
to apply.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including policy areas of
interest, desired start date, and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com. Deadline
to apply is Friday, August 6, 2021.
Page 4 of 17

MEM-246-21

The Office of Congressman Bill Huizenga (MI-02) currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Fall of 2021. Qualified applicants should possess
strong communication skills, be interested in learning about the legislative
process, and have a willingness to work in our fast-paced, professional
environment.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional
tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Proficiency in writing is a requirement.
Michigan ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to our
Intern Coordinator, Alec Daman at alec.daman@mail.house.gov

MEM-245-21

2021 Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship
Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez was a faithful and tireless advocate of civic
engagement. Marisol herself was afforded a public service internship that led to a
lifelong commitment to the ideals of enriching and empowering all people in her
community. Through this fellowship, Marisol will continue her legacy of service,
education and a selfless dedication to the betterment of her community.
The Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship is a paid
fellowship program with Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia’s Washington, DC
office. It is a competitive program awarded to outstanding students with a
demonstrated interest in public service or public policy and strong ties to the 29th
Congressional District of Texas.
The fellow will gain office experience while learning about the legislative
process. They will work closely with staff conducting research, drafting letters,
and preparing for hearings. Other responsibilities will include screening
telephone calls, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary. This
position may be in person or remote depending on public health guidance at the
time of the internship.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.
The position is available beginning in September 2021. To apply, send a resume,
cover letter and to catherine.arjet2@mail.house.gov with the subject “Marisol
Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship”. In your cover letter please indicate
expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is
available for this internship.
Page 5 of 17

This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-244-21

Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for the fall of 2021.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the
legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include
attending briefings, answering phones, drafting constituent correspondence
letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks.
Nevada ties are strongly encouraged but not required.
Please send resume, cover letter, and two letters of recommendation
to Vanessa.Schoning@mail.house.gov or apply online at https://titus.house.gov/

MEM-243-21

The Office of Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz is looking for interns
to join our office for the Fall 2021 semester. Internship responsibilities including
legislative, press, and administrative tasks.
Students chosen will perform a variety of duties for our office and will play an
active role in the daily tasks that face a Member of Congress. Interns will have
the opportunity to learn and assist all members of my office, assisting with
legislative, press, and administrative duties.
An internship in our District Office and on Capitol Hill is what one makes of it.
Dedicated interns have the opportunity - provided they are motivated, energetic,
and creative - to learn how legislation becomes law and affects peoples' lives.
We are always looking for hard-working students who are interested in entering
public service or learning how Congress works.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties,
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable, and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
Page 6 of 17

resources);
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
For the Washington, DC Office:
RepDWSresumes@gmail.com
DC offices: Please note in your cover letter if you would like to be considered for
a need-based stipend for expenses such as housing or transportation and provide
the desired amount that would cover such costs. Please note that providing this
information does not guarantee financial compensation.
MEM-241-21

Fiscally and Socially Conservative Midwestern member of the House seeks
motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for internships in
Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Missouri/Midwestern ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Answering and screening
telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors,
leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending
congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the Communications Director
with drafting talking points, creating graphics for social media, tracking media
coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time internship positions are available beginning in August 2021. This is a
paid, full-time, in-person internship position for the Fall. To apply, please send a
resume and cover letter to madelyn.derks@mail.house.gov with the phrase
“Internship Application” in the subject line.

MEM-239-21

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Fall of 2021. Qualified applicants should possess
strong communication skills, be interested in learning about the legislative
process, and have a willingness to work in our fast-paced office.

Page 7 of 17

Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional
tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability
to intern.OH06@gmail.com
MEM-238-21

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is seeking highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time in person internship for his
Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal
communication skills, the ability to multitask, and a willingness to learn.
Position duties include: attending virtual Congressional hearings and briefings,
managing tour and flag requests, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting
staff with legislative and administrative projects.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: Fall 2021 Internship.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-237-21

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Ken Buck (CO-04) is currently
accepting internship applications for the Fall of 2021.
Typical duties include answering phones, leading Capitol tours, researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings,
and answering constituent letters on a variety of issues. Due to COVID-19, some
of these duties may be altered. The ideal candidate for this paid internship will be
team- and detail-oriented and have strong written and verbal communication
skills.
Students and recent graduates interested in learning more about our country’s
legislative process are encouraged to apply. The Congressman sits on the
Judiciary Committee and the Foreign Affairs Committee, making this an ideal
opportunity for those interested in law and/or foreign policy. Colorado ties are
preferred but by no means required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume, cover letter, and a brief
writing sample to Allie Woodward at internships.co04@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Fall 2021 Internship.” Please send all attachments as PDFs.
Additionally, applicants should include their availability as a part- or full-time
intern (if part-time, please be as specific as possible). The application deadline for
this position is July 23, 2021. The anticipated start date for the internship is late
August to early September.

Page 8 of 17

MEM-236-21

The office of Congressman Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking candidates for Fall
internships in our Washington, DC and Albany offices.
Interns will work with legislative and casework staff to learn about all operations
of a congressional office. Applicants should have strong oral and written
communication skills and who are passionate about public service, eager to learn,
and detail oriented. Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities may include:
- Answering phones
- Writing letters to constituents on a variety of policy topics
- Assisting constituents with matters related to federal agencies
- Researching legislation for the Member and staff
- Attending hearings and briefings
To apply for an internship in my Washington, D.C. office, please email a cover
letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to
Miranda Miller at Miranda.Miller@mail.house.gov by July 15, 2021.
To apply for an internship in my Albany office, please email a cover letter,
resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to Nadja Pope
at Nadja.Pope@mail.house.gov by July 15, 2021.

MEM-234-21

HOUSE COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS
TITLE: Law Clerk, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs (Majority)
SUMMARY: The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
seeks a Law Clerk. The law clerk will report to the General Counsel and will
assist the General Counsel and Chief Investigative Counsel with oversight,
investigative, and legislative activities.
The Committee law clerk will conduct original and legal research and draft
memoranda and other written materials. The law clerk will attend relevant
briefings, Committee hearings, and legislative markups. Qualified candidates will
have strong research, writing, and communication skills, attention to detail, and
the ability to meet deadlines.
This clerkship is remote and is open to current law students only. In an effort to
build a diverse and more inclusive work environment, the committee strongly
encourages veterans, minorities, women, people with disabilities, and LGBTQ+
candidates to apply.
Compensation is available to students who meet House of Representatives paid
internship requirements, found here: http://cha.house.gov/memberPage 9 of 17

services/house-paid-internship-program to include being part of a demonstrated
education program.
All candidates are required to complete an online application found
here: https://vetetans.house.gov/opportunities for consideration.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and
diversity and inclusion statement. Applications will be accepted until July 30,
2021.
Diversity and inclusion statement: Please provide, in 250 words or less, a
statement that explains:
1) How your past personal and/or professional experiences have contributed to
your growth in understanding diversity, equity, and inclusion, and/or 2) How you
would like to engage in diversity, equity and inclusion matters in this role.
MEM-232-21

U.S. Congresswoman Katie Porter’s Office is seeking highly motivated
undergraduates and recent graduates for her DC office internship program.
Intern responsibilities will include both policy and administrative support. Interns
may sort and draft constituent correspondence, compile media clips, answer
phones, research legislation, assist legislative staff, or perform other
responsibilities based on the office’s needs and student’s interests.
Interns are expected in the office from 9 am to 6 pm, however hours are flexible
based on a student’s course schedule. A monthly stipend is also available.
To apply for an internship, please:
Email a cover letter, resume, and two references
to ResumesCA45@mail.house.gov with "Fall Internship" in the subject line.
Qualified candidates should be organized, detail-oriented, able to multitask, and
possess strong writing skills. Representative Porter’s office is an equal
opportunity employer and minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are
encouraged to apply. Applications will be accepted through July 31, 2021.

MEM-230-21

The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated,
personable and professional legislative intern for the Fall 2021 session.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing
skills, who pay close attention to detail. Maryland ties a plus. A stipend is
available.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability
to employment@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis. Please no calls.
Page 10 of 17

MEM-229-21

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for fall 2021. This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S.
House of Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting
and fast-paced office.
Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and stipends are offered
based on need and ties to Tennessee’s 9th District. Interns will work for 10-16
weeks (August-December). Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

MEM-224-21

Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-17) has openings for full and part-time
congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office during the Fall of 2021.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with
availability beginning in September, and a preference for those who can stay at
least three months. Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone
calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting staff with
projects in diverse issue areas.
Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written
communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a
Page 11 of 17

good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties and customer service
experience are strongly encouraged to apply. There is a stipend and transit
benefits available for qualifying candidates.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and
availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov.
MEM-222-21

The office of Congressman Josh Harder (CA-10) is currently accepting
applications for paid fall internships which will run from the beginning of
September to December.
Our hands-on legislative internship program offers highly motivated
undergraduates and recent graduates the opportunity to gain real-world
experience in government and politics. Over the course of their service, interns
will gain a deeper knowledge of the federal government and strengthen their
communications, writing, problem-solving, and time-management skills.
Responsibilities will vary but may include:
• Communicating with constituents through mail, email, and over the phone
• Conducting research to be used for floor speeches, memos, committee hearings,
and other legislative business
• Monitoring press coverage, current events, and House business
• Attending briefings and hearings
• Greeting office visitors and giving tours of the Capitol
• Administrative tasks as assigned
To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Josh Harder, send
your resume, cover letter and a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF
to Archibald.Fraser@mail.house.gov. The deadline for applying is end of day
Sunday, July 18, 2021. Central Valley ties are preferred, but not required.
Please include the days and times you will be available to intern, your desired
start date, and any requirements your school has in order for you to receive credit
in your cover letter. Please format the subject line of your email “DC Internship First Name Last Name - Fall.”
All individuals are encouraged to apply. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-217-21

“A Conservative Midwestern Member of Congress is seeking candidates for a
full-time paid internship in our Washington, DC office. Candidates should be
detail-oriented, a team player, have strong written and verbal communication
skills, and be eager to learn about our country’s legislative process.

Page 12 of 17

Responsibilities include answering phones and constituent letters, researching
legislation, attending hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, and providing
administrative support to the office.
The application deadline for this position is July 19th at 6:00pm ET. The
anticipated start date for this position is between August 23rd and September 7th.
Interested candidates should email their resume, cover letter, dates of availability,
and three references to gopmidwestjobs@gmail.com no later than July 19th at
6:00pm ET.”
MEM-216-21

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking Fall interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned. Successful
candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working, detailoriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player. Nevada ties
are strongly preferred. Nevada residents will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall Intern” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-215-21

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Ken Buck (CO-04) is currently
accepting internship applications for the Fall of 2021.
Typical duties include answering phones, leading Capitol tours, researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings,
and answering constituent letters on a variety of issues. Due to the ongoing
spread of COVID-19, some of these duties may be significantly altered. The ideal
candidate for this paid internship will be team- and detail-oriented and have
strong written and verbal communication skills.
Students and recent graduates interested in learning more about our country’s
legislative process are encouraged to apply. The Congressman sits on the
Judiciary Committee and the Foreign Affairs Committee, making this an ideal
opportunity for those interested in law and/or foreign policy. Colorado ties are
preferred but by no means required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume, cover letter, a brief writing
sample, and a letter of recommendation to Allie Woodward
at internships.co04@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2021 Internship.”
Please send all attachments as PDFs. Additionally, applicants should include their
availability as a part- or full-time intern (if part-time, please be as specific as
possible).
Page 13 of 17

The application deadline for this position is July 23, 2021. The anticipated start
date for the internship is between August 23 and September 6, 2021, depending
on individual circumstances.
MEM-211-21

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks
interns for the upcoming Fall 2021 term. The D.C. office has two types of
internships: A Legislative Internship and a Press Internship. Both will be remote
for the duration of the term.
Legislative Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings,
drafting and editing constituent correspondence letters, researching legislation for
the legislative staff, and providing support for the day-to-day activities of the
office.
Press Intern responsibilities include drafting social media posts, designing
graphics, conducting interview preparation for the Member, drafting and editing
constituent correspondence letters, and assisting the Press Secretary in the day-today operations of the office.
Both the Press and Legislative Internships are paid via monthly stipend. The
Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national
origin, age, or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send a resume, a one-page cover letter, and 1-2 short writing
samples to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants
should indicate their expected start and end dates, availability for Monday-Friday,
and which position they are applying for (or state that you do not have a
preference).
We also ask that applicants for the Press Internship submit 1-3 sample graphics.
Please include “Moore Internship – Fall 2021” in the subject line and compile all
application materials into one PDF document. Applications for the Fall 2021 term
will be considered until 6:00 PM EST on July 28st, 2021.
No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-209-21

A Conservative Representative from Colorado is currently seeking candidates for
a paid internship for the 2021 Fall semester in our Washington D.C. office.
Interns will assist the legislative staff and press team by conducting research,
answering phones, writing press clipping and social media content, and helping
with administrative tasks. Interns will also greet constituents and should be teamoriented and have strong communication skills.

Page 14 of 17

This is a paid internship that provides a truly unique experience to gain
experience in a fast-paced office on Capitol Hill. Qualified candidates should
submit a resume and cover letter to CO05internship@mail.house.gov with the
subject line saying, “Fall Internship”. Colorado ties not necessary.
MEM-203-21

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Fall 2021 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other congressional
offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability
to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov

MEM-179-21

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking paid interns for the
Fall 2021 session in his Capitol Hill office. The Summer session dates are May
18 – August 31. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings
and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process,
as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working.

Page 15 of 17

To be eligible for our paid intern program, the applicant must be able to complete
no less than a 24-hour work week. The internship schedule is flexible to
accommodate classes. Ties to Virginia’s First Congressional District are preferred
but not required.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter
to shannon.evans@mail.house.gov before July 23, 2021. Please specify what
your internship schedule may look like.
MEM-176-21

The D.C. Office of Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) seeks interns for the upcoming Fall
2021 term. The D.C. office has two types of internships available: an in-person
internship and a remote, research-focused internship.
In-person intern responsibilities will include drafting social media posts for the
Member’s official social media pages (including Facebook, Twitter, and
Instagram), designing graphics, attending hearings and briefings (either in person
or virtually from the office), researching legislation for both the Member and
legislative staff, drafting constituent letters on the Member’s behalf, interfacing
with constituents and visitors, staffing the front office, and potentially conducting
tours.
To be considered for this position, candidates must show proof of full COVID-19
vaccination, and if hired, agree to follow additional precautionary measures, such
as mask-wearing and regular sanitizing.
Remote intern responsibilities will similarly include drafting social media posts,
designing graphics, attending virtual hearings and briefings, and drafting
constituent letters on the Member’s behalf, but there will be a heavier focus on
conducting legislative research for both the Member and legislative staff.
All interns are paid $15.00 per hour for a minimum of 15 hours/week and
maximum of 40 hours/week unless the intern is receiving a stipend from an
external organization in relation to their internship.
The Office of Rep. Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national
origin, age, or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send a resume, a short cover letter, two sample tweets on a
current event, and availability to julia.albertson@mail.house.gov.
Additionally, applicants should indicate which position (if you don’t have a
preference, please indicate that as well) you’re seeking, and include their
vaccination status if applying to the in-person internship.

Page 16 of 17

Applications for the Fall 2021 Term will be considered until 11:59pm EST on
Monday July 26th, 2021.

Page 17 of 17

