________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 3, 2023

MEM-191-23

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking full-time and part-time paid
interns for the Spring 2023 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings/hearings, performing
legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects.
Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent communication
skills, a strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public service and
progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by an outside
organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample,
three references, and availability to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with
the subject “2023 Summer Internship Application” by Sunday, April 9th.

Page 1 of 13

MEM-190-23

Congressman Dan Goldman offers internships in both his Washington D.C. and
District Offices in Manhattan and Brooklyn.
To apply, please submit your resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample as
one PDF at https://goldman.house.gov/services/internships
We are proudly an office that is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, military status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Special consideration will be given to candidates with ties to NY-10 and those
who speak a second language so please include this information in your cover
letter.
Summer Priority Application Deadline: Monday, April 3rd at 5pm. Applications
will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Intern responsibilities may include but are not limited to:
•Answering phones
•Batching emails and drafting responses to constituents
•Assisting staff with events
•Researching legislation and legislative ideas
•Giving Capitol Tours if in DC
•Assisting with resolving constituent issues with federal agencies (casework) in
NYC
•Attending briefings and hearings for staff and drafting memos about them
Applicant Requirements
•Effective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the office
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
•Attention to detail
•Willingness to learn new skills and tasks and be flexible in supporting Member
and all staff in various roles.
Additionally, Interns and Law Clerks, depending on their location and
specialization will assist with casework/constituent services, press or legislative
assignments where needed.

MEM-188-23

DC Office – Summer Internships
The DC office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently
accepting applicants for paid and unpaid summer internships (June - August
2023). The DC office offers two types of internships:
Page 2 of 13

Legislative Internships
Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff by preparing briefing notes and
memos, researching legislation, tracking legislative activity, providing mail
program support, answering phones, inputting casework inquiries, attending
hearings, and advancing the Congresswoman’s legislative agenda.
Press Internships
Press Interns assist the communications staff by compiling clips, drafting social
media posts and press releases, creating digital content, and aiding the
Congresswoman’s communications efforts. Experience working in
communications is a plus.
-Ideal candidates for these internships possess strong communication skills, an
excellent attention to detail, an ability to succeed in a fast-paced workplace, and a
good sense of humor. Ties to Washington State are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF document
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Summer Internship-[LAST NAME]” in
the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship you are
applying for.
The deadline for applications is Tuesday, April 18, 2023, at 5 PM PT, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are
incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity,
national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information,
age, military service, or another non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants and
individuals in underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no
unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-186-23

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Spring 2023 session. This internship would start
immediately and last until early May 2023.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge of the
day-to-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled in
an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an ideal
fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government – however,
any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the legislative
staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping
with administrative tasks.

Page 3 of 13

Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. This will be an in-person
internship. Interested candidates should apply through our
website https://gregmurphy.house.gov/services/internships
MEM-180-23

“Representative Kat Cammack (FL-03) seeks applicants for a full-time paid
internship for Summer 2023 (Internship would run from May through August
2023) in her Washington DC office.
Intern responsibilities are, but are not limited to, answering phones, logging
constituent concerns, running errands in the Capitol, and aiding various staff in
the Member’s office.
Ideal candidates will be quick learners that have initiative, a strong work ethic,
strong communication skills, a positive attitude, and are timely. Undergraduate
and recent college graduates are preferred. Academic credit is available for
qualifying students. Internships are in-person and will require candidates to move
to Washington, D.C. for the duration of the internship.
Interested candidates should email with “Washington D.C. Intern Summer 2023”
in the subject line, their resume, cover letter, two references, and social media
handles to FL03.Internships@mail.house.gov (No drop-ins or phone calls). The
Deadline to apply is April 10th.

MEM-178-23

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks
interns for the upcoming Summer 2023 term.
Responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings, drafting and editing
constituent correspondence letters and memos, conducting research for the
legislative staff, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing
support for the day-to-day activities of the office. Our interns have the
opportunity to work either in person or virtually, but preference will be given to
applicants who can commit to working in person. Interns are paid via a monthly
stipend.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal-opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and one short writing
sample to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should
Page 4 of 13

indicate their availability for Monday-Friday. The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM
ET on Friday, April 21st, 2023.
MEM-174-23

The Office of Congresswoman Laurel Lee (FL-15) is currently seeking
candidates for a paid Spring 2023 internship in her Washington D.C. office.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering and logging
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, drafting constituent letters,
performing legislative research, leading Capitol tours, and assisting with
communications tasks. The internship provides a valuable opportunity to
contribute to the daily operations of a congressional office and gain first-hand
experience with the legislative process.
Ideal candidates will be team-players who have a strong work ethic, quality
written and verbal communication skills, possess a positive attitude and a
commitment to exceptional constituent service. Florida ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested candidates should submit their cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Hannah.So@mail.house.gov.

MEM-173-23

The Office of Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR-06) is seeking candidates
for a full-time (40-hours a week) summer internship in our Washington D.C.
office. This internship will take place June through August with a flexible start
and end date.
Interns will get an in-depth look at the operations and functions of a
congressional office, including policy, communications, office operations and
constituent services. Interns will get opportunities to attend hearings and
briefings; assist with constituent services; and research legislation.
Qualifications:
•Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
•Ability to speak courteously with constituents
•Ability to work independently and as a part of a team
•Attention to detail and eagerness to go above and beyond
•Professionalism and demonstrated interest in public service
•OR-06 ties are preferred, but not required
Compensation information:
•Interns will be paid $15 an hour
•Academic credit is available and should be arranged with your academic
institution
•This is an internship based in Washington D.C. Those who live outside of the
Washington D.C. area may be eligible to receive an additional $1,500
compensation to assist with housing over the course of the internship

Page 5 of 13

The Office is an equal employment opportunity employer and, consistent with the
Congressional Accountability Act (“CAA”) and House Rule XXIII, does not
discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, parental status, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable
federal law.
This means that these factors will not be the basis for any hiring, discharge,
promotion, pay, benefits, or reassignment decision or action, or any other
personnel or job action affecting the terms, conditions, and privileges of
employment. Consistent with the CAA, the Office may, however, consider party
affiliation, domicile, and political compatibility in making employment decisions.
Application:
We are currently accepting applications for an internship based in Washington
D.C.. We are not currently hiring in district, but applicants who are interested in
an internship based in Oregon's 6th district are welcome to apply for future
consideration.
To apply, please complete the online
form: https://salinas.house.gov/services/internships. Please note that you must
include your resume and cover letter. Rolling applications are open until April
3rd at 8:59 PM PST/ 11:59 PM EST.
MEM-172-23

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking an enthusiastic, highly
motivated press/digital intern to work in person in the Washington, DC office for
the summer 2023 session.
Press/Digital Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day
operations of our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities
to assist our communications staff. This includes, but is not limited to attending
press conferences, compiling press clips, drafting social media posts, drafting
press releases, talking points and other written materials, answering phones, and
sorting mail.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual and have strong writing and editing
skills. A working knowledge of digital content creation products (Adobe Creative
Suite, Canva, or equivalent products) is a plus. Preferred applicants have District
ties, though not required. This is a full time position that offers a monthly stipend.
Please submit your application with a one-page writing sample and graphic
design sample (if applicable) to meeks.house.gov no later than Friday April 14th
at 5 PM.

Page 6 of 13

MEM-171-23

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking an enthusiastic highly
motivated legislative intern to work in person in the Washington, DC office for
the summer 2023 session.
Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day operations of
our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
legislative and communications staff. This includes attending congressional
hearings, writing memos, administrative tasks, answering phones, sorting mail,
and assisting staff.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and
editing skills. Preferred applicants have District ties, though not required. This is
a full-time position that offers a monthly stipend.
Please submit your resume, cover letter, up to 2-page writing sample
to meeks.house.gov, no later than Friday April 14th at 5 PM.

MEM-166-23

Rep. Frost Internship
In the Washington, D.C. and district offices, internships run throughout the fall,
spring or summer semesters for college students. Students gain invaluable
educational experience from working in Congress. The hours can be flexible to
accommodate students' course schedules, but generally run 9:30 am to 4:30 pm, 5
days a week.
In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will vary. They may be asked to
answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process
and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Undergraduate students, recent college graduates and district ties preferred.
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should apply via https://frost.house.gov/services/internships
Cover letters should detail reasons for applying to the position. A stipend will be
given to accepted applicants. Deadline to apply is April 15, 2023.

MEM-159-23

The office of Congressman Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications for
part-time, paid internships for the Spring quarter.
The ideal candidate will have excellent communication skills, interest in the
legislative process, resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fast-paced
environment. Ties to the Bay Area or California are preferred, but not required.
Page 7 of 13

Responsibilities include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and hearings, and other
tasks as assigned. The Spring term begins mid-April and ends mid-June with
flexible start and end dates. Work will be in-person.
To apply, please submit a resume and cover letter as one PDF including
availability to MullinInternships@gmail.com. Email subject line should follow
the following format: LastName, FirstName – Spring Internship. Additionally,
please note any ties to the Bay Area or California in the body of your email.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-149-23

The Office of Representative Scott Fitzgerald (WI-05) is seeking full-time and
part-time interns for the summer in our D.C. and Oconomowoc office.
Duties will include, but not limited to, answering constituent calls, assisting in
sorting and distributing mail, performing research and assisting the legislative
team, attending briefings, and administrative work as needed.
Candidates should be interested in public policy and be detail-oriented,
motivated, organized, and willing to learn. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. Wisconsin ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, please visit our website
at https://fitzgerald.house.gov/services/internships. If you have any questions,
please contact Reagan Harrison at reagan.harrison@mail.house.gov.

MEM-146-23

D.C Legislative Intern
PAID Internship Opportunity: Office of Congressman Chris Pappas NH-01
Serving as an intern on our team is an exciting opportunity to work closely
alongside staff and develop professional skills in a Congressional office setting.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work
cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written
communications skills.
An internship in the Washington, DC office encompasses a variety of tasks and
assignments such as answering phones, greeting visitors, giving tours, writing
letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be assigned to
work with the legislative team and outreach staff to assist with legislation, special
Page 8 of 13

projects, writing, and/or research. As a result, interns learn about the legislative
process and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Apply
To apply for an internship, please submit your resume, cover letter, and one short
writing sample (no longer than two pages)
to Pappas.Internships@mail.house.gov with “[Last Name] Internship Application
– [Season] 2023 ” in the subject line.
In your email, please also specify your specific dates and times of availability.
The deadline for Summer applications is Sunday, April 9 at 11:59 pm.
Current appropriations law prohibits the use of federally appropriated funds to
pay the compensation of U.S. government employees whose post of duty is in the
continental U.S. unless that person, generally:
1.Is a U.S. citizen;
2.Is a lawful permanent resident and has applied for (or affirms that he or she will
apply for) citizenship within six months of first becoming eligible to apply (and
the person must complete the citizenship process within two years of applying,
but delays attributable to the processing of the application do not count toward
the two-year deadline);
3.Is admitted as a refugee or is granted asylum and has filed a declaration of
intention to become a lawful permanent resident and subsequently a citizen when
he/she is eligible to do so; or
4.Is a person who owes allegiance to the U.S. (e.g., nationals of American Samoa,
the Swains Island, or the Northern Mariana Islands; and nationals who meet other
requirements described in 8 U.S.C. § 1408).
See Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022, Pub. L. No. 117-103, div. E tit. VII,
§ 704 (2022).
MEM-144-23

Congresswoman Brittany Pettersen’s Washington DC and District offices are
seeking paid congressional interns for Summer 2023. The internship is in-person
and will run from late May to August. Dates are flexible. This internship is open
to undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
This internship provides students a firsthand understanding of the functions of a
congressional office and the legislative process. Intern responsibilities vary but
include answering phones, sorting mail, researching legislation for the Member
and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, giving tours of the Capitol
building, and drafting press releases and constituent letters on various issues.
Additionally, the office encourages and will facilitate networking opportunities
for interns and staff members.
Internship hours are flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules, but
generally run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. EST in the DC office, and 9:00 a.m. to
Page 9 of 13

6:00 p.m. MT in the District office. Applicants must be able to commit to
working at least 20 hours a week. Applicants with Colorado ties are prioritized.
Internships are eligible for a paid monthly stipend.
To apply for the DC position, please send an email with your resume, cover letter
and writing sample to Hannah.illathu@mail.house.gov with “[Your Last Name]
Summer 2023 DC Internship” in the subject line. For the district position, please
send an email with your resume, cover letter and writing sample
to David.clark@mail.house.gov with “[Your Last Name] Summer 2023 District
Internship” in the subject line. Please include dates of availability in your
submission.
If submitted after April 15th, applications will only be considered on a rolling
basis.
MEM-143-23

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for Summer 2023.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, (including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample) to https://cartwright.house.gov/services/internships.htm. No phone calls
or drop-ins please.

MEM-136-23

The Honorable Robert C. "Bobby" Scott, Ranking Member of the House
Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks full-time Fellows to work for the
Committee (Democratic Staff).
Duties may include, but are not limited to, researching and the drafting of
legislation, memos, talking points, and letters, covering congressional briefings.
Candidates should have completed at least one year of law school, have strong
legal research abilities and written and oral communication skills, and be capable
of managing themselves and taking initiative. Indicate your area of interest and
your writing sample should support your interest and expertise: Health Policy,
Education Policy, Labor Policy, Pensions, Oversight, Disability, Workforce
Development, and Workplace Safety. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Page 10 of 13

The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form below to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating
type of “Fellow” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the requirements
will not be considered.
MEM-135-23

The Honorable Robert C. "Bobby" Scott, Ranking Member of the House
Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks full-time or part-time law
students to intern for the Committee (Democratic Staff).
Duties may include, but are not limited to, researching and the drafting of
legislation, memos, talking points, and letters, covering congressional briefings.
Candidates should have completed at least one year of law school, have strong
legal research abilities and written and oral communication skills, and be capable
of managing themselves and taking initiative. Indicate your area of interest and
your writing sample should support your interest and expertise: Health Policy,
Education Policy, Labor Policy, Pensions, Oversight, Disability, Workforce
Development, and Workplace Safety. Can receive academic credit. No phone
calls or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form below to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating
type of “Legal Intern” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the
requirements will not be considered.

MEM-134-23

The Honorable Robert C. "Bobby" Scott, Ranking Member of the House
Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks full-time committee interns for
paid and unpaid internships.
Duties may include, but are not limited to, assisting with administrative tasks,
answering phones, processing mail, legislative research, writing memos, and
attending briefings and hearings. This is a fast-paced office; multitasking and
attention to detail are required. Interns can receive academic credit. No phone
calls or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form below to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating
Page 11 of 13

type of “Committee Intern” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the
requirements will not be considered.
MEM-133-23

Summer 2023 Internship Position:
The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (DC-00) is seeking to
hire a motivated, detail-oriented, current college undergrad student, graduate
student, or recent graduate wishing to gain constituent-oriented internship
experience in the DC District Office.
District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, conducting research,
assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the
District Director. As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions
of our impactful District office.
The term of this internship will be from June 2023---August 11th, 2023. The
internship is paid full-time internship, interns must work at least 30 hours a week,
and will be provided a travel stipend. Typical hours for internships are Monday
through Thursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm, although hours may be flexible to
accommodate students' hectic course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at
least one reference to norton.casework@mail.house.gov.
The deadline to apply is 9:00 am EST, Tuesday, April 11th. District ties are
encouraged but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.

MEM-054-23

Summer Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Summer 2022. The internship is in-person and will run
from late May to early August. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Summer 2022 Internship” to Jerome.Vainisi1@mail.house.gov, or by
applying through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships

MEM-597-22

House Democrat seeks a paid Legislative Fellow to assist senior legislative staff
with a wide variety of legislative topics and tasks. The Legislative Fellow will
Page 12 of 13

gain experience in preparing for committee hearings and markups; developing
and advancing legislation; drafting speeches; and meeting with constituents and
other stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will possess superb written and oral communication skills;
have some policy experience; and will enjoy collaborating with others in a fastpaced environment.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to housedemjobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Fellow” in the subject line.

Page 13 of 13

