________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 27, 2015

MEM-196-15

The office of Congressman Don Beyer is accepting applications for unpaid
internships beginning in late August in his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates
should be self-motivated, and possessed of sound judgment, knowledge of
politics, and a sense of humor. The proximity of Virginia’s 8th District means
that there is a substantial amount of work to be done in the areas of press,
legislative research, and constituent services, and our interns get experience with
a wide variety of responsibilities.
To apply, please email resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to
Aaron.Fritschner@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.

MEM-195-15

The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Democratic Staff is
seeking highly motivated unpaid interns for Fall 2015 internships. Candidates
should be organized, professional, quick learners, team players and approach new
challenges with a positive attitude.
TITLE: Intern
REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator/Supervisor
Page 1 of 11

CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to assist in performing clerking duties, processing the mail, data entry,
reception duties and other office errands.
DUTIES:
• Sorts and distributes mail;
• Performs data entry, including logging in incoming letters;
• Answers the telephones;
• Assists staff with Committee business including: Hearings, Briefings, and
Business Meetings;
• Performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
To apply for this position, please send an email to
Brett.Cozzolino@mail.house.gov with a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample.
MEM-194-15

Washington, D.C. — The House Democratic Caucus is looking for a full time
press intern for the fall semester with availability beginning at the end of
August. Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) assisting with press
clips, production and editing of studio videos, staffing of live stream events,
graphic design, formatting and extracting large quantities of data, and assisting in
team projects. Applicants should be self-starters, motivated, detail-oriented,
possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and be able to
problem solve and multi-task. Experience in Adobe Suite or other design
software and proficiency in Spanish highly preferred. Experience and interest in
press operations and the congressional process is a plus. Minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students or Congressional internship
program participants. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
detailing availability to DemCaucusPressIntern@Gmail.com.

MEM-190-15

Congressman Adam Kinzinger (IL) is looking for unpaid interns in his
Washington, DC office for the 2015 fall Semester. Interns will observe the inner
workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the
legislative process. Responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering
phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative projects, and
attending briefings and hearings. Ideal candidates should have a strong work
ethic, be energetic and engaging, and possess a positive attitude. Candidates
with Illinois ties are encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter (with start date) to internsIL16@gmail.com.

MEM-189-15

Our Washington interns will be exposed to a wide range of activities on Capitol
Hill. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation for the Member
Page 2 of 11

and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters
on various issues before the House. Interns will need to be able to communicate
professionally, balance multiple tasks at once, and have a teachable attitude. As a
result, interns will learn about the legislative process, the various functions of a
Congressional office, and the way things work on Capitol Hill. It is an invaluable
opportunity for both educational and professional development.
Interested applicants should email resumes directly to
taylor.huhn@mail.house.gov.
MEM-187-15

The Office of Rep. Scott Rigell (VA-02) is seeking politically Conservative
unpaid Fall 2015 interns in their Washington, DC, office to begin in
August/September through December. The Office seeks an outgoing,
enthusiastic person with at least 3 days/week availability who would like
experience working in a Congressional Office. Virginia ties are a plus but not
required.
Interested persons should submit resumes to Julie.Moorhead@mail.house.gov.

MEM-186-15

The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (D-NJ) is seeking qualified interns
for our D.C. office this fall.
CONTACT:
Quin La Capra
Internship Coordinator
quin.lacapra@mail.house.gov
RESPONSIBILITIES
Intern duties vary on a daily basis, but are all critical to the function of our office.
Daily tasks include, but are not limited to, answering phones, responding to
constituent requests, compiling research on targeted issues and assisting with
staff-led projects. In addition, interns lead Capitol tours, run errands and complete
various administrative tasks as needed. Interns will also have the opportunity to
attend special events, such as committee hearings, briefings and seminars.
Internships run throughout the fall, spring or summer semesters for college
students. Although this internship is unpaid, students gain invaluable work
experience. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course
schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
QUALIFICATIONS
Prospective applications should be highly motivated self-starters, eager to learn
about Capitol Hill and the mechanisms of the United States Congress. We are
looking for individuals with an excellent work ethic, ability to multitask and most
importantly, a willingness to learn.
They must demonstrate:
Page 3 of 11

-An ability to produce polished work
-An ability to maintain professionalism in a work environment
-An interest in the legislative process
-Strong communication skills
-Experience using Microsoft Office
APPLICATION
Please submit a resume, cover letter and writing sample to Quin La Capra via
email at: quin.lacapra@mail.house.gov. Closing Date: September 4th.
MEM-185-15

Arkansas Republican is seeking interns for late August through December 2015.
Qualified candidates will be hardworking, motivated self-starters, detail-oriented,
and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Daily duties as
an intern will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent
services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol
tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent
correspondence, and attending hearings. Arkansas ties are a plus but not a
requirement. This internship is unpaid.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to ArkansasGOPIntern@gmail.com.

MEM-184-15

The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid
intern for Fall 2015. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and
professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities
will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the
form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting
research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending
hearings.
Interested candidates should send their resume, a cover letter, and a brief writing
sample to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com.

MEM-183-15

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is
offering Fall internship opportunities for college students and recent college
graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office
provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation
of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents,
attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues
for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and
together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to
increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal
government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative
process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s
Page 4 of 11

position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee. The Rules
Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major pieces of
legislation.
The internship provides different opportunities with staff to discuss their
experiences on the Hill and future employment strategies.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing
sample to James Blum at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov.
Please do not hesitate to contact James at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
MEM-182-15

The office of Congressman Dan Donovan (R-NY) is currently seeking highly
motivated and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for
the 2015 fall internship session. Candidates should possess interest in the
legislative process, excellent communication skills, and attention to detail.
Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones,
conducting Capitol tours, attending hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. New York ties are preferred, but are
not required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the
availability or school schedule of the applicant.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample to
NY11internships@gmail.com with "Fall Internship" in the subject line. Please
include your earliest possible start date and latest possible end date.
NO phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-181-15

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for Fall of 2015. Ideal
candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional.
Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the
media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media
and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide
professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing
intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of
their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged
to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
No phone calls please.

MEM-180-15

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking full-time
interns for her Washington D.C. office for Fall of 2015. Ideal candidate would
be professional, dependable and possess a strong writing skills and work ethic.
Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent correspondence, Capitol
tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide
Page 5 of 11

professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing
interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of
their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment
and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
No phone calls please.
MEM-179-15

New Jersey Democrat seeking interns for the fall semester (Aug through Dec
2015). Qualified candidates will be organized, motivated self-starters, with
strong communication and writing skills. Day-to-day duties include assisting
with front office operations which includes greeting visitors, opening and sorting
mail, answering phones, and conducting Capitol tours. Interns will also attend
hearings and briefings and conduct research for staff. This internship is
unpaid. Please send cover letter, resume, and a one page writing sample
to: nj08jobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-178-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Paul Gosar (AZ-04) seeks a highly
motivated full or part-time intern for Fall 2015. Successful candidates will
demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and professional. Strong
written and oral communication skills are essential. Intern responsibilities will
include, but are not limited to, assisting staff with legislative, administrative,
constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will: answer phones; sort,
distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the US Capitol building;
attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative research.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample(s) to
GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com.

MEM-177-15

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her Washington,
D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the Fall 2015 term.
Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative process and have a desire
to learn while being a part of a hardworking team. Ideal candidates will possess
strong writing and verbal communication skills, a demonstrated interest in
legislative issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an
enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist staff with
legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings, draft memos,
sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours. Candidates with Maryland ties
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a brief (no more
than one page) writing sample by Friday, July 31, 2015 to
internship.md04@mail.house.gov.

MEM-176-15

Congressman John Lewis, Representative for the 5th District of Georgia, seeks
fall interns for his Washington, D.C., office. Interns will work in a fast-paced
setting and gain valuable experience and knowledge of the United States
Page 6 of 11

Congress. Responsibilities include greeting constituents and visitors, handling
phone calls, supporting staff with administrative tasks, conducting legislative
research, aiding communications staff, and assisting with special projects and
assignments. Preference will be given to those with Georgia connections and
those available full-time.
If you would like to receive more information or apply to our internship program,
please complete the application at http://johnlewis.house.gov/. For immediate
consideration, please send the application, resume, and writing sample to
Sarah.Hager@mail.house.gov.
MEM-174-15

Congresswoman Candice S. Miller (R-MI) seeks legislative interns for the Fall
2015 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining
valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States
Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, managing
constituent phone calls, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will
also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with constituent
correspondence, and attend legislative briefings, congressional hearings,
receptions, and press events.
Requirements: Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find
information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as
part of a team environment, and possess a strong attention to detail. Applicants
should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a
willingness to perform a variety of tasks and administrative functions. Michigan
ties are preferred, but not required. To apply, please send cover letter and resume
to mi10intern@gmail.com .

MEM-173-15

North Carolina Democrat seeks an unpaid Legislative Fellow for her
Washington, D.C. office. Duties include assisting the legislative staff in
conducting research, analyzing legislation, drafting memoranda, organizing
talking points, and preparing for events. The Legislative Fellow will also be
expected to assist the office with administrative duties. North Carolina ties are a
plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Please send your resume
and cover letter to nc12internjobs@gmail.com.

MEM-171-15

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting
and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned.
The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and three writing samples.
Please submit all inquiries with the subject “Press Internship” to:
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
Page 7 of 11

MEM-170-15

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
Fall. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest
in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but
are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office
duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer. No calls or
walk-ins please.

MEM-169-15

Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern
for her Washington, D.C. office for Fall 2015 (mid-August to December). This
internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fastpaced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties
include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members
with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to
attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be
motivated; detail orientated and possesses strong communication and writing
skills. This is a great opportunity for recent graduates seeking Hill experience.
Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a resume and
cover letter to kevin.rambosk@mail.house.gov.

MEM-168-15

Midwest Republican seeks full time hard working intern for Fall 2015.
Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting
with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings,
and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have
exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast
paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the
legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.

MEM-167-15

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office in August. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter
and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
Page 8 of 11

MEM-166-15

New Jersey Democratic Congressman Frank Pallone (NJ-06), the Ranking
Member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, seeks full time and part time
unpaid interns for his personal office during the fall 2015 semester. We are
seeking personable, hardworking and motivated individuals with excellent oral
and written communication skills. Job duties will include, but are not limited to:
answering phones, assisting staffers with general administrative duties, attending
briefings, drafting letters to constituents, and conducting congressional
research. New Jersey ties are strongly preferred, but not necessary. A good sense
of humor is a plus. Please email, with the subject “Fall 2015 Internship
Application”, a resume, cover letter, and references
to thomas.egan@mail.house.gov, and please include your dates and times of
availability. We have immediate vacancies to be filled.

MEM-164-15

Conservative Republican seeks highly motivated fall interns for DC
office. Successful candidates will be organized, hard-working, and detailoriented. Intern will be responsible for assisting staff with legislative and
administrative duties such as greeting visitors, drafting constituent
correspondence, answering phones, and leading Capitol tours. Interns will also
have opportunities to attend staff briefings and committee hearings to gain
firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. The position is unpaid, and the
intern is responsible for finding housing in the DC area. Florida ties preferred. If
interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and available dates to
fl11internship@gmail.com. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-162-15

California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the fall 2015 semester.
Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips, assist with front
office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and conduct tours,
and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office.
Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical thinkers with a good sense
of humor. Strong communications and writing skills are crucial. Northern
California ties are preferred, but not required. Please submit a cover letter, brief
writing sample, and resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-160-15

Nevada Republican seeks a legislative intern for August and/or Fall 2015.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure
and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern
responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls,
opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with
administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative
research, and assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings,
congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Legislative Internship Qualifications:
Our office is looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as
well as part of a team environment. Applicants should have working knowledge
Page 9 of 11

of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to do assist with daily
office tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Legislative Internship Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00am6:00pm). Students welcome to apply. Those interested please send cover letter,
updated resume, and references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.
MEM-159-15

Nevada Republican seeks an unpaid communications intern for August 2015
and/or Fall 2015. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office, gaining
valuable exposure and knowledge of the communications process and the United
States Congress. Communication intern responsibilities include tracking and
reporting on social media and news story comments, drafting social media posts,
establishing and managing a twitter account, and reaching out to local/national
reporters on social media. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend events
and committee meetings to take photos and videos, work with the
communications director to put press releases on the website, and assist with
writing projects at the discretion of the communications director. Interns will
also help facilitate our constituent communications program and guide
constituents on tours of the US Capitol building.
Communications Intern Qualifications:
Our office seeks an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently
and as a member of a team environment. Applicants must have a working
knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist
with daily communication tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Communications Intern Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00 am6:00 pm) with the option of working full-time, June through August. Students are
welcome to apply. If interested, please send a cover letter, updated resume,
sample of a social media post for a congressperson, and references to
kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.

MEM-154-15

North Carolina Democrat seeks an unpaid Communications Fellow for her
Washington, D.C. office. Duties include tracking press clips and traffic on social
media networks, updating and maintaining press contact lists, drafting press
releases, and assisting with the office's day-to-day communications operation.
Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications, new media,
or journalism. North Carolina ties are a plus. Women and minorities are
encouraged to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter to
nc12internjobs@gmail.com.

MEM-152-15

New York Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) is seeking unpaid interns,
preferably to begin immediately. Interns will:
Page 10 of 11

•
•
•
•
•
•

Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting incoming mail,
greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
Assist in the preparation of constituent responses.
Perform legislative research.
Respond to requests from constituents.
Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the federal legislative
process.

Candidates with graphic design, layout, Photoshop and computer programming
skills are highly preferred.
Congressman Jerrold Nadler represents New York's 10th Congressional District,
which includes parts of Manhattan and Brooklyn. Congressman Nadler serves on
the Judiciary Committee and on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee,
where he is the highest ranking member from New York. He is the Ranking
member of The Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet.
To Apply:
Please e-mail a resume, brief cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample to:
Email: Christian.Barbato@mail.house.gov .
MEM-150-15

Arkansas Republican is seeking interns for August through December 2015.
Qualified candidates will be hardworking, motivated self-starters, detail-oriented,
and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Daily duties as an
intern will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services
in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours,
conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and
attending hearings. Arkansas ties are a plus but not a requirement. This internship
is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and brief
writing sample to ArkansasGOPIntern@gmail.com.

Page 11 of 11

