________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 16, 2015
MEM-399-15

The Office of Rep. Scott Rigell (VA-02) is seeking politically Conservative
unpaid Spring 2016 interns in their Washington, DC, office to begin in
December/ January through May. The Office seeks an outgoing, enthusiastic
person with at least 3 days/week availability who would like experience working
in a Congressional Office. Virginia ties are a plus but not required. Interested
persons should submit resume to Julie.Moorhead@mail.house.gov.

MEM-398-15

Congressman Jim Langevin (D-RI) is seeking full and part-time interns for the
spring 2016 semester. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative
work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties
include providing constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee
hearings, performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on
various projects of interest. Rhode Island ties are preferred but not required.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and
written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All
internships are unpaid. To apply: send a resume, cover letter, two brief writing
samples, and dates of availability to kerry.mckittrick@mail.house.gov.
Page 1 of 29

MEM-397-15

The office of U.S. Rep. Brad Ashford seeks full-or part-time interns that can start
immediately or spring 2016 in the Washington, D.C. office. Prospective interns
should be mature, self-motivated, and enthusiastic. Candidates should also have
strong research and writing skills. Duties will include answering phones, giving
U.S. Capitol tours, maintaining the front office, processing mail, taking notes at
hearings and briefings, as well as assisting staff with legislative research and
drafting letters. Internships are unpaid and applicants for 2016 should be
available from January to May. Nebraska ties are a plus but not required. For
more information and to apply, please send a cover letter and resume to
zac.andrews@mail.house.gov. Deadline to apply for 2016 is December 1, 2015.

MEM-396-15

The Office of Congressman Sam Farr (D-CA) is looking to hire full and part-time
unpaid Legislative Interns to work in our Washington, DC office. The internship
will begin Jana and go through March. You’ll be responsible for attending
hearings and briefings, providing administrative support, guiding Capitol tours,
conducting legislative research, drafting correspondence and a variety of policy
related projects to assist legislative staffers. Excellent time management skills, a
healthy sense of humor, creativity and a strong commitment to teamwork are
qualities we’re looking for. CA ties a plus, but not required.
If you’d like to be considered for a Legislative Internship position, please send a
cover letter with your availability and resume to
Dushani.desilva@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Intern Application” in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Please no phone
calls.

MEM-395-15

Congressman Lloyd Doggett (D-TX) is seeking Internship applicants for his
Washington, DC office for Spring 2016. These positions offer a unique
opportunity to help respond to individuals who need help with a federal problem,
and to learn about broader community and national concerns. Interns assist staff
with constituent services and legislative research. If you are interested in
interning, email Lloyd.Doggett@mail.house.gov with your resume and three
references, a writing sample, and advise when you would be available.
Candidates should have a strong work ethic and a positive attitude. Texas ties and
Spanish skills a plus.

MEM-394-15

The Office of Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14) is seeking full and part-time interns for
the Winter/Spring 2016 semester in its Washington D.C. office. Applicants
should possess strong written and verbal communication skills and a strong work
ethic. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting the staff with
general office duties, answering phones, responding to constituent mail,
researching legislative issues, leading Capitol Hill tours, and attending briefings
and hearings. Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any
necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or
university. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to Ryan
Diffley at Ryan.Diffley@mail.house.gov. State ties preferred, but not required.
Page 2 of 29

MEM-393-15

The Office of Congressman David N. Cicilline (D-RI) is seeking full-time and
part-time interns for the 2016 Spring semester (January – May) in its
Washington, D.C. location.
The ideal candidate will have excellent research and writing skills, be able to
multi-task, and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity
to gain experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process,
and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include answering the phone,
guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and
supporting the legislative and communications staff on various projects.
Internships are unpaid, but both full-time and part-time positions are available.
Hours are 9-6 when Congress is in session, and 9-5 out of session. To apply,
please visit https://cicilline.house.gov/serving-you/internships or email
Annika.Lichtenbaum@mail.house.gov with a resume and one-page writing
sample.

MEM-392-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Luis V. Gutiérrez (IL-04) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill internship positions in the
Spring of 2016.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting Capitol Tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting
legislative research and performing other administrative tasks.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast paced
environment, an eagerness to learn about the legislative process, as well as a
minimum four day per week availability. Spanish-fluency and Illinois ties are a
plus. Internships are unpaid.
Please send a résumé, cover letter, and dates of availability to
gutierrezopportunities@gmail.com with “Intern Spring 2016” in the subject line.

MEM-391-15

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks
qualified graduate and undergraduate interns for the spring 2016 semester. An
internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of their internship, interns will assist
staff with administrative tasks such as answering phones, organizing documents,
and running errands around the Capitol complex. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to perform legislative research, shadow staff at hearings, and
assist in drafting letters and memos on subjects within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two
Page 3 of 29

references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.
MEM-390-15

The Office of Congressman Michael Capuano (D-MA) is looking for full-time
interns to aid our administrative and legislative teams. Responsibilities include:
researching legislative issues, attending legislative hearings, answering phone
calls, processing constituent mail, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, and assisting
in any other special projects/tasks that may arise. Applicants should be selfmotivated, reliable, hardworking, and have strong communication skills.
Massachusetts ties preferred, but not required.
Winter internships start in January and run through the end of April/May.
Internships are unpaid, but academic credit is available.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a one-page writing
sample in PDF format to eliza.ramirez@mail.house.gov.

MEM-389-15

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Donovan (NY-11) is seeking
applications for full- or part-time, unpaid interns for the Spring semester.
Applicants must be willing to work at least two full days a week. Interns will be
responsible for answering phones, talking with constituents, scheduling and
giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending briefings and hearings for legislative
staff, and supporting the office with any additional duties. Interested candidates
should email a current resume, cover letter, and a list of three references, with the
subject line “Spring Internship” to NY11Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-388-15

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as
recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its
Winter/Spring 2016 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns
will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member
services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support.
Please note that this is not a paid internship. Interested applicants should send a
cover letter, resume, and available hours to CHADem.Intern@mail.house.gov
with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship."

MEM-387-15

The Office of Congressman Curt Clawson (R-FL) is seeking full-time and parttime interns for the 2016 Spring semester (January – May) in its Washington,
D.C. location.
The ideal candidate will have excellent research and writing skills, be able to
multi-task, and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity
to gain experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process,
and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include answering the phone,
Page 4 of 29

guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and
supporting the legislative and communications staff on various projects.
Internships are unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms for students
to receive academic credit. Full-time and part-time positions are available, and
hours are 8:30 – 5:30 on available days. Please contact
Alex.Krueger@mail.house.gov with a resume and one-page writing sample to
apply.
MEM-386-15

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for
the Spring semester in the Capitol Hill office. Interns will have the opportunity to
attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the
constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent
services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First
Congressional District are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should
e-mail their resume and cover letter to kathleen.gayle@mail.house.gov before
December 4, 2015.

MEM-385-15

Congressman Ted W. Lieu’s internship program offers college students a unique
opportunity to learn about the functions of the U.S. House of Representatives, as
well as the Congressman’s work as the representative of CA-33, which includes
parts of Los Angeles, the West Side, and the South Bay.
An internship with Congressman Lieu presents a variety of opportunities to
participate in the daily operations of a Congressional District Office.
General intern responsibilities include:
Answering telephones, data entry, responding to constituent requests, assisting
with special projects such as legislative research, assisting with constituent
casework, and other miscellaneous tasks, as required.
In the busy atmosphere of a Congressional office, it is imperative that interns
conduct themselves in a mature, professional manner, are well organized, able to
take initiative, follow instructions, perform well under pressure, and work as an
integral part of a team.
Skills required include:
Effective and professional phone manner, computer experience, good typing
ability, punctuality, attention to detail, ability to follow instructions, ability to
complete tasks efficiently and thoroughly, maturity, empathy, professionalism,
and discretion.
Page 5 of 29

This internship is unpaid. Congressman Lieu supports students requesting credit
for their internship through their school or university. The deadlines for each
internship sessions are as follows: Spring- December 11th, Summer- April 1st,
Fall- August 5th. Preference will be given to residents of CA-33.
Please note that because of the competitive nature of the internship program,
internship positions are available to college students only. Part time and full time
internships are available.
If you would like to apply for our internship program please send your resume,
cover letter, and writing sample to internship.lieu@mail.house.gov with your
name and the term in the subject line. If you have any questions regarding the
application, please contact the Intern Coordinator, Ashley Fumiko Dominguez at
internship.lieu@mail.house.gov or 323-651-1040.
Congressman Ted W. Lieu serves on the House Committees on the Budget and
Oversight & Government Reform. He is also the Democratic Freshman Class
President and a Lieutenant Colonel in the Air Force Reserves.
MEM-384-15

Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D), member of the House Energy and
Commerce Committee, is currently hiring spring interns for his Washington,
D.C. office. Interns are responsible for answering phones, sorting mail and faxes,
giving tours of the Capitol, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Other
tasks may include attending briefings and hearings, letter writing, and assisting
press staff. Intern candidates should be current or recent college students,
regardless of major. To apply please email your cover letter, resume, a short
writing sample and a letter of recommendation to
LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-381-15

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid press
internship for Spring 2016. Duties will include tracking press clips and traffic on
social media networks, updating and maintaining press contact lists, maintaining
website, and assisting with the office’s day-to-day communications operation.
Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications, news
media, or journalism. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are preferred.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
md06.internships@mail.house.gov
by November 23rd with “Spring Press Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-380-15

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
Congressional internship for Spring 2016. Duties will include conducting
legislative research for staff, drafting memos on hearings and briefings, assisting
with front office duties, answering constituent correspondence on matters related
to the House, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit
strong writing and communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to
Maryland are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Page 6 of 29

md06.internships@mail.house.gov by November 23rd with “Spring
Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
MEM-378-15

Congressman Coffman (R-CO) seeks hard-working, enthusiastic legislative
interns for the Spring 2016 semester in his Washington, DC office. Interns are
responsible for: giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering constituent calls,
sorting constituent correspondence, assisting legislative staff with research and
writing, processing U.S. flag requests, attending Congressional briefings and
hearings, and attending events with the Congressman as necessary. Applicants
should have strong written and oral communication skills, exceptional
interpersonal skills, and have demonstrable interest in public policy and
government. Attractive applicants will have completed at least 60 credit hours of
undergraduate coursework. Those with Colorado ties and professional
proficiency in Spanish are encouraged to apply. Applicants should be aware that
this is an unpaid internship that tentatively lasts from January through May 2016.
To apply, please visit: http://coffman.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-376-15

Intern needed to start immediately. Remainder of Fall 2015 & Spring 2016
We are seeking energetic and proficient interns in the Washington, D.C. office of
Congresswoman Corrine Brown (FL05). An internship in Congresswoman
Brown’s office will provide valuable experience to students as they prepare for
their professional careers.
Interns have the opportunity to work with and assist all members of the staff,
including legislative, administrative, outreach and press duties. Washington, DC
interns will be encouraged to take advantage of the many hearings, workshops
and seminars that are held on Capitol Hill.
In addition, we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for
academic credit. Applicants should be highly motivated and enthusiastic selfstarters.
Responsibilities include:
• Supporting administrative staff: answering phones, database entry, and sorting
mail.
• Supporting legislative staff: tracking constituent correspondence, drafting
letters, and conducting research.
• Attending briefings and hearings for legislative staff.
• Compiling Social Media Post.
• Promoting constituent outreach efforts by communicating with constituents and
constituent groups, attending meetings and events, and drafting correspondence.
Application process: Applicants should send a cover letter, availability and a
resume. Those interested in a Washington, DC internship should email
Brown.Website@mail.house.gov.
Page 7 of 29

MEM-375-15

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her Washington,
D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the Spring 2016 term.
Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative process and have a desire
to learn while being a part of a hardworking team. Ideal candidates will possess
strong writing and verbal communication skills, a demonstrated interest in
legislative issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an
enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist staff with
legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings, draft memos,
sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours. Candidates with Maryland ties are
strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume, cover letter stating your
availability, and a brief and a one page writing sample by Friday, December 4,
2015 to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.

MEM-374-15

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a fulltime or part-time intern for the Spring of 2016. This is an opportunity to learn
about the inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced
work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting
events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities will include,
but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the
Capitol, conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing
tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and
courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the legislative and governmental
process. To apply, please send a resume, three references, writing sample, and
cover letter to william.washington@mail.house.gov, with the subject ‘Norton
Internship.’ No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-373-15

The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Buddy Carter (GA-01) is
currently seeking applicants for the fall semester. Internships are available to
qualified college students seeking college credit or recent college graduates.
Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to
participants as well as an understanding of our federal legislative process.
Georgia ties are preferred, but they are not required. Responsibilities include but
are not limited to: providing tours of the Capitol, answering phones, helping staff
process constituents’ mail and inquiries. Other responsibilities may include
assisting staff with legislative research, writing meeting briefings, and attending
committee hearings. Candidates should possess an interest in the legislative
process, strong communication skills, along with organizational skills. If you are
interested in being considered for an internship, please send your resume, cover
letter, and any relevant writing samples to Hart.Thompson@mail.house.gov. No
drop-ins please.

MEM-372-15

The Democratic Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for full-time interns for spring of 2016 (January – May). Interns are
given the opportunity to work on substantive projects under the direction of
Committee Staff while also serving a general administrative function. Primary
Page 8 of 29

responsibilities include answer phones, reviewing budget news articles,
conducting research, and preparing for Committee events. Interns will have the
opportunity to participate in Budget Committee briefings, hearings and markups.
In addition, interns are encouraged to attend events held by other committees.
Preference will be given to applicants who have completed at least two years of
undergraduate education. Ideal candidates can work full time from 9:00 am to
6:00 pm, Monday through Friday, or a minimum of four days per week.
Interested applicants should apply at the following link:
http://democrats.budget.house.gov/about/internships.
MEM-371-15

The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Republican Staff is currently
seeking interns for Spring 2016 (available to start in January).
Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and
media work. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to, legislative
research, assembling information, assisting staff during hearing and markup
preparation and execution, and attending hearings, markups, briefings and
meetings. Media work may include assisting staff to organize and staff
Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news
clips relating to Committee’s issues. Undergraduate Interns are also trained to
perform administrative duties, such as answering phones, and sorting and
distributing mail.

MEM-370-15

Interested applicants should email their cover letter and resume to Brian Corcoran
at brian.corcoran@mail.house.gov.
Democratic Member of Congress seeks full-time or part-time unpaid
Congressional interns to begin immediately. The responsibilities of a
Congressional intern primarily focus on helping the Congressman communicate
with his 700,000-plus constituents. Interns will assist the team with phones, mail,
tours of the U.S. Capitol Building, and related front office duties. Additional
tasks, including drafting correspondence, research projects, and attending
hearings may be assigned on a case by case basis.
Candidates should possess excellent communication skills (both verbal and
written) and an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress.
Ideal candidates are positive, energetic, and eager to assist with the legislative
and administrative needs of the staff. West Coast ties are preferred. Please send a
resume, cover letter, and writing sample to andy.hackbarth@mail.house.gov.

MEM-369-15

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks late fall/winter interns for her
Washington, D.C. office. Interns will work in a fast-paced and fun congressional
office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Additionally, interns will have the
opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
Page 9 of 29

briefings for the legislative staff. The ideal candidates will possess exceptional
written and oral communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well
as a strong interest in public service. Prospective interns should be able to commit
at least 16 hours per week. Washington state ties are a plus, but are not required.
Interested applicants should send a current resume and cover letter to
Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
MEM-367-15

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is
seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the
Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Spring 2016
semester.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff
to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital
content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting
press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or
graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips
at 8:00 am and ends at 4:00 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on
Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major
legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of
activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if
applicable, a portfolio sample to James Blum at
NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact
James at 202-225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-366-15

The Office of Rep. Rich Nugent (R-FL-11) is seeking a highly motivated intern
for its office in Washington, DC. Successful candidates will be organized, hardworking, and detail-oriented. Intern will be responsible for assisting staff with
legislative and administrative duties such as greeting visitors, drafting constituent
correspondence, answering phones, and leading Capitol tours. Intern will also
have opportunities to attend staff briefings and committee hearings to gain
firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. The position is unpaid, and the
intern is responsible for finding housing in the DC area. Florida ties preferred. If
interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and available dates to
fl11internship@gmail.com. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-365-15

The office of Congressman Marlin Stutzman is seeking an unpaid intern in the
Washington, D.C. office for the 2016 spring semester. Responsibilities will
include but are not limited to: answering phones, sorting constituent mail,
attending committee hearings and briefings for staff, assisting in legislative
research, and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol. Applicants should possess
excellent written and verbal communication skills, be self-motivated, and able to
Page 10 of 29

work as part of a professional team. Hill experience not necessary.
To apply, send resume and cover letter to in03internship@gmail.com.
MEM-364-15

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is
offering spring internship opportunities for college students and recent college
graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office
provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation
of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents,
attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues
for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and
together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to
increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal
government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative
process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s
position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing
sample to James Blum at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do
not hesitate to contact James at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-363-15

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Maxine Waters, Ranking
Member of the Committee on Financial Services, is offering winter/spring
internship opportunities for students and recent graduates. First-hand experience
in Congresswoman Waters’ office will provide interns with an unparalleled
knowledge and understanding of public policy and the legislative process. Intern
responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents, attending committee
hearings, writing press releases, researching various issues for the legislative
staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
The internship provides different professional development opportunities with
staff to discuss their experiences on the Hill and future employment strategies.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing
sample to Sean Higgins at Sean.Higgins@mail.house.gov.

MEM-362-15

A Tennessee House Republican seeks full-time and part-time interns to begin as
soon as possible for the spring 2016 semester. Duties will include:
• Conducting legislative research and writing memos,
• Attending Congressional hearings and briefings on behalf of the staff,
• Welcoming guests,
• Handling constituent communications, and
• Giving tours of the Capitol.

Page 11 of 29

College students, recent graduates, and those with an interest in tax, budget, and
health care policy are encouraged to apply. Tennessee ties are a plus, but not
required. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter detailing
their interest and time commitment they are willing to make to
meghan.oakes@mail.house.gov.
MEM-361-15

Congresswoman Mimi Walters (R-CA) seeks part time/full time hard working
intern for Winter 2015.
Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting
with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings,
and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have
exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast
paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the
legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to Internshipsca45@gmail.com California ties
encouraged.

MEM-360-15

Congressman Dave Reichert’s Washington, DC office is looking for energetic
and hard-working interns to start as soon as possible. Qualified candidates
should have an interest in American government and working in a fast-paced
political environment.
All interns are expected to effectively communicate with staff members and
constituents. Daily tasks include, but are not limited to; administrative duties,
leading tours of the United States Capitol Building, communicating with
constituents and other offices on Capitol Hill, writing briefings and memos,
conducting research, and experiencing the city of Washington, DC. Interns will
also have the opportunity to attend hearings and meetings on a wide range of
topics.
All internships are unpaid. However, if your college or university offers credit
hours, we are happy to complete any necessary evaluations. In addition, housing
is not provided but assistance will be offered.
If you are energetic, hard-working, and interested in a position in Rep. Reichert’s
Washington, DC office, please contact Isaac Tobis at 202-225-7761 or send your
resume and a cover letter to Isaac.tobis@mail.house.gov.

MEM-359-15

The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Martha McSally (AZ-02) is
currently seeking applicants for winter 2015/2016. Responsibilities include
assisting the staff with front office operations, conducting legislative research,
answering constituent calls and inquiries, conducting tours, and learning about
the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be
ambitious, proactive, have a positive attitude, and demonstrate a strong interest in
the legislative process. Unpaid internships are available to qualified college
Page 12 of 29

students seeking college credit or recent college graduates; stipends are offered
commensurate with experience. If you are interested in being considered for an
internship, please send your resume, cover letter, and any relevant writing
samples to keeley.christensen@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.
MEM-358-15

Congressman Paul Cook’s Washington, D.C. office is now accepting internship
applications for the Winter 2015 and Spring 2016 term. Interns are invaluable
multifunctional team members who manage an array of administrative tasks and
traffic flow in the office, relieving the pressure on the legislative team for daily
committee and voting activities. Interns will be responsible for assisting the team
with phones, mail, tours, flag-requests, and related front office duties. Additional
tasks, including drafting correspondence, research projects, and attending
hearings may be assigned on a case by case basis. Ideal candidates are positive
and energetic, have excellent people and organizational skills, and are eager to
assist with the legislative and administrative needs of the staff.
Undergraduate and post-graduate students are eligible to apply. Positions are
unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants,
but students have the opportunity to gain academic credit. California ties are
preferred. If interested, please contact our office at
Kassandra.Taira@mail.house.gov with "Internship" in the subject line. Please
include cover letter, resume and a writing sample.

MEM-357-15

Congresswoman Candice S. Miller (R-MI) seeks legislative interns for the
Spring 2016 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the
United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents,
managing constituent phone calls, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with
constituent correspondence, and attend legislative briefings, congressional
hearings, receptions, and press events.
Requirements: Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find
information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as
part of a team environment, and possess a strong attention to detail. Applicants
should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a
willingness to perform a variety of tasks and administrative functions. Michigan
ties are preferred, but not required. To apply, please send cover letter and resume
to mi10intern@gmail.com.

MEM-355-15

The Office of Congresswoman Jackie Speier (CA-14) is seeking spring semester
interns for the DC office. Qualified candidates will be able to multi-task and
thrive in a fast-paced work environment, while providing high-quality “customer
service” to our constituents. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
handling constituent correspondence, answering phones, booking and leading
Page 13 of 29

constituent tours, attending hearings and briefings, and assisting legislative staff
where needed. Students and recent graduates with ties to California’s 14th district
are strongly preferred. Interested candidates should send their resume, cover
letter, and a short writing sample to speier.internships@mail.house.gov. Interns
will begin early to mid-January depending on their availability and end in midMay. Qualified candidates will be contacted for interview. No phone calls, please.
MEM-353-15

California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the winter 2015/2016
internship session. Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips,
assist with front office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and
conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a
congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical
thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications and writing skills
are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not required. Please submit
a cover letter, brief writing sample, and resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-352-15

Democratic Member of Congress seeks applicants for full-time or part-time
unpaid congressional internship to begin immediately. Duties will include
drafting memos, attending briefings, conducting legislative research for various
legislative issue areas, as well as assisting with front office and administrative
tasks. Strong candidates are self-starters, able to multi task, and will exhibit
strong writing and communication skills. New York ties are a plus but not
required. Interest in issues under the jurisdiction of the House Committees on
Energy and Commerce and Small Business as well as Caribbean affairs are a
plus. Please send a resume and writing sample to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.

MEM-348-15

Congressman Ted Lieu (D-CA) seeks unpaid interns for the Spring 2016
internship cycle. Interns will assist the legislative team with research projects and
constituent correspondence, compile press clips and conduct social media
projects, and perform clerical duties. Interns are also responsible for writing
cosponsorship, briefing, and hearing memos on topics of their choice to learn
more about the legislative process and particular issues. We expect interns to be
hard-working, friendly, and intelligent and possess strong writing and
communication skills. California ties are strongly preferred. Please send a
resume, writing sample, and dates of availability to lieu.staff@mail.house.gov
with “Spring 2016 Internship Application” as the subject line. Applications will
be accepted on a rolling basis until all spots are filled.

MEM-344-15

Democratic Leadership Office seeks highly motivated, part-time or full time
interns. Intern responsibilities include administrative duties and a few legislative
duties as necessary. Administrative support includes sorting mail, preparing
briefing binders, setting up events, and other special projects as assigned by staff.
The position requires the ability to multitask, strong organizational skills, and a
desire to work in a fast-paced environment. The internship is unpaid, but interns
will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience in a Democratic Leadership office.

Page 14 of 29

Please send a resume and cover letter to deminternship@gmail.com. Please no
drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.
MEM-343-15

Congressman Tony Cárdenas is looking for interns to join his Washington, D.C.
team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting as soon as possible, for a
duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: assisting with scheduling, answering phone calls,
attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the
U.S. Capitol. A hard-working intern in our office will eventually move on to
assisting staff with more complex, legislative and press-related projects.
Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email resume and cover letter in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-342-15

Democratic Member of the House seeks an unpaid intern for their DC office.
Responsibilities include assisting staff with general office duties, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones,
researching legislative issues, giving Capitol tours, greeting visitors and
performing various other tasks. Candidates should be energetic, enthusiastic and
able to thrive in a fast-paced working environment. Strong communication skills
are a must. Candidates should have a general understanding of the governmental
process, knowledge of North Carolina, and interest in the legislative process. If
interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample via email to:
nc12internjobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or walk-ins. Minorities,
LGBT and women are encouraged to apply. North Carolina ties preferred, but not
required.

MEM-341-15

Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-3) is currently seeking interns in his
Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2016 (January-May). Interns perform a
variety of responsibilities, including answering phones, receiving guests, and
providing tours of the Capitol Building. They will also research legislation for the
legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on
various issues before the House. Interns should possess strong research, writing,
analytical, and interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates should express an
interest in politics and conservative values. All internships are unpaid. However,
if your college or university offers credit hours we are happy to complete any
necessary evaluations. Interested candidates should contact Edward Rolwes and
email their resume and cover letter to: edward.rolwes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-340-15

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available full-time and part-time
internships for the 2015 Fall and 2015 Winter semesters in his Washington, D.C.
Page 15 of 29

office beginning immediately. Interns will work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill
office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and
the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, answering
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building
tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist with correspondence, as
well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Interns will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Social media and other communications experience a
plus.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be able to
work both independently and as part of a team. Applicants should have working
knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist
with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred. Those interested please
send your resume and cover letter to ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.
MEM-339-15

Georgia Congressman David Scott seeks unpaid interns for spring semester.
Duties will include the following: attending hearings and briefings, responding to
constituent inquiries, researching legislation, conducting U.S. Capitol tours, and
basic administrative responsibilities. Qualified candidates must be highly
organized, responsible, detail oriented, possess excellent communication and
writing skills, and be able to multi-task. Georgia ties and/or an interest in
agriculture or financial services are preferred. All interested applicants should
send a resume, and cover letter to seema.ibrahim@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Name – Spring Internship Application.”

MEM-338-15

The Office of Representative Loretta Sanchez (CA-46) is seeking unpaid interns
for her Washington, DC office for the 2016 Spring Semester/Winter Quarter.
Candidates should have an interest in and knowledge of the legislative process,
possess excellent writing and communication skills, and have an understanding of
the American political system.
Interns will be responsible for projects such as writing congressional
correspondence, fielding constituent phone calls, and other requests. Additional
duties include, but are not limited to, leading Capitol building tours, attending
briefings and committee hearings, and conducting research on various legislative
issues. Applicants are expected to start in early January.
Individuals with Orange County, California ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Knowledge of the 46th Congressional District is strongly recommended.
Applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and 1-2 page writing sample to
CA46internships@mail.house.gov. Qualified applicants will be contacted for
interviews. No phone calls, please.

MEM-336-15

The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an experienced
Page 16 of 29

unpaid communications intern to assist with day-to-day operations and special
projects in the Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be soon-to-be or
recent college graduates with a preferred major in PR, journalism, English, or
communications. Interested applicants must be able to commit to at least 30 hours
per week. Qualified candidates will have a previous internship in
communications, journalism, a political office or on the Hill, excellent writing
skills, and a positive attitude and sense of humor. Photoshop experience is a plus.
Intern responsibilities will include monitoring news on relevant policy areas and
compile media reports, drafting social media posts and graphics on legislation,
issue positions, and news items. Interns will also help brainstorm creative ways to
concisely convey complex policy initiatives, draft press material, proof and edit
documents from Senior Staff, and assist the Communications Director with
special projects. Interested candidates should send their resume and two brief
writing samples to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com. Writing samples may
include: press release, advisory, professional Facebook post & corresponding
tweet, school newspaper article, etc.
MEM-335-15

The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid
intern for Spring 2016. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and
professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities
will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the
form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting
research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending
hearings. Western ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates
should send their resume, a cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
WesternStateIntern@gmail.com.

MEM-334-14

Internships are currently available in Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren’s (CA-19)
Washington, D.C. office. Congresswoman Lofgren represents California’s 19th
Congressional District, which lies in the heart of California’s “Silicon Valley”.
Interns have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a busy
congressional office and gain invaluable work experience. This is an excellent
opportunity for those interested in the legislative process. Interns’ responsibilities
will vary—in addition to answering phones and running errands around the
Capitol, interns will have the opportunity to attend hearings and briefings,
research legislation for legislative staff, and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent writing and analytical skills, a
demonstrated work ethic, and ability to function in a fast-paced environment. A
successful candidate will be motivated, able to multitask, and have the ability to
work well under pressure. Full-time internship positions are available beginning
November 2, 2015. Internships are unpaid.
CA-19 and/or California ties are preferred but not required. Interested applicants
should apply through http://lofgren.house.gov.
Page 17 of 29

MEM-333-15

Senior Republican Congressman is seeking a highly motivated, full-time intern
that can start immediately upon acceptance. The individual should be able to
multi-task and be prepared to work in a fast-paced office. Some responsibilities
include attending briefings, answering phones, guiding tours of the Capitol,
assisting with constituent correspondence and mail, and working on various
projects for the staff as needed. North Carolina ties are encouraged, but not
required. In order to apply, please send capitolhill45@gmail.com a resume and
cover letter with “NC Intern Application” in the subject line.

MEM-332-15

The Office of Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-FL) has openings
for full-time and part-time interns to support our administrative, legislative, and
press teams. Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending
legislative briefings and hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent
mail, giving Capitol tours, and assisting with special projects.
Applicants should be enthusiastic, reliable, professional, hardworking, and have
strong writing and communication skills. South Florida ties are preferred, but not
required. Internships begin in early to mid-January and run through the semester.
These positions are unpaid. Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover
letter, and one-page writing sample to RepDWSresumes@gmail.com by
November 23. Location: Washington, DC.

MEM-329-15

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently
seeking undergraduate interns for Fall 2015 (available to start immediately) and
Spring 2016 (available to start in January). We are also accepting graduate and/or
fellowship applications for both labor and education for Spring 2016 (available to
start in January).
Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and
media work. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to, legislative
research, assembling information, assisting staff during hearing and markup
preparation and execution, and attending hearings, markups, briefings and
meetings. Media work may include assisting staff to organize and staff
Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news
clips relating to Committee’s issues. Undergraduate Interns are also trained to
perform administrative duties, such as answering phones, and sorting and
distributing mail.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter and resume to
jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.

MEM-328-15

The Office of Congressman Reid Ribble is seeking qualified candidates to intern
in our Washington, D.C. office starting in January 2016. We are interested in
candidates of all academic disciplines.

Page 18 of 29

Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office administration,
legislative research, constituent correspondence, and other duties as assigned.
Administration will include daily tasks such as welcoming guests, being aware of
the Congressman’s and staff’s schedules, answering phones, constituent tours,
mail administration, and other duties. Legislative research and constituent
correspondence will include being aware of current and pending legislation,
researching legislation for constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and
other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
the drive to take the initiative in a fast-paced environment.
This is an unpaid position. If candidates have any questions or wish to apply,
please send a cover letter, resume and writing sample to
dominique.yantko@mail.house.gov.
MEM-327-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Luis V. Gutiérrez is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill internship positions in the
fall of 2015. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering
phones, conducting Capitol Tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings,
conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast paced
environment, an eagerness to learn about the legislative process, as well as a
minimum four day per week availability. Internships are unpaid. Spanish-fluency
and Illinois ties are a plus.
Please send a résumé, cover letter, and dates of availability to
gutierrezopportunities@gmail.com with “Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-326-15

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Spring 2016. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are
preferred. Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per
week. Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and times
available (start and end dates as well as days per week) to
CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, CA52
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-324-15

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
Page 19 of 29

written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov by December 1st.
MEM-323-15

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated,
flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a
preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus,
but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
1-2 page writing sample to michelle.serrato@mail.house.gov.

MEM-322-15

Congressman Joe Wilson (SC-02) is currently seeking interns for the
Washington, D.C. office to start immediately.
Qualified candidates will possess an interest in the legislative process, excellent
writing and communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a willingness to
learn and take on new tasks.
Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to, assisting staff with general
office duties, attending hearings/briefings for staff members, answering phones,
sorting through mail, drafting response letters, and giving tours of the U.S.
Capitol. Candidates should be highly motivated and have good communication
skills. This position is unpaid, but does offer a great educational experience for
anyone with aspirations of working on Capitol Hill.
All interested applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to
sc02.internship@mail.house.gov.

Page 20 of 29

MEM-321-15

North Carolina Democrat seeks an unpaid Communications Intern for her
Washington, D.C. office. Duties include tracking press clips and traffic on social
media networks, updating and maintaining press contact lists, drafting press
releases, and assisting with the office's day-to-day communications operation.
Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications, new media,
or journalism. North Carolina ties are a plus. Women and minorities are
encouraged to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter to
nc12internjobs@gmail.com.

MEM-320-15

California Democratic Congressman Jared Huffman is seeking current college
students or recent college graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for a
full-time or part-time internship. We are seeking motivated, organized, and
reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-today duties. Such duties include attending briefings and hearings, answering
phones, drafting constituent correspondence letters, doing legislative research,
and various other tasks.
The internship is unpaid, though interns will gain valuable Hill and office
experience as well as have access to many unique Hill opportunities.
Congressman Huffman represents California’s 2nd congressional district, which
extends along the Pacific coast, from the Golden Gate Bridge to the Oregon
border. California ties are preferred, but not necessary. Please send resume and
cover letter to DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-319-15

Nevada Republican seeks a legislative intern for January 2016 and/or Spring
2016. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable
exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States
Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours,
and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with correspondence, as
well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, receptions, and press
events.
Legislative Internship Qualifications:
Our office is looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as
well as part of a team environment. Applicants should have working knowledge
of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to do assist with daily
office tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Legislative Internship Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00am6:00pm). Students welcome to apply. Those interested please send cover letter,
updated resume, and references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.
Page 21 of 29

MEM-318-15

Nevada Republican seeks an unpaid communications intern for January 2016
and/or Spring 2016. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the communications process and the
United States Congress. Communication intern responsibilities include tracking
and reporting on social media and news story comments, drafting social media
posts, establishing and managing a twitter account, and reaching out to
local/national reporters on social media. Interns will also have the opportunity to
attend events and committee meetings to take photos and videos, work with the
communications director to put press releases on the website, and assist with
writing projects at the discretion of the communications director. Interns will also
help facilitate our constituent communications program and guide constituents on
tours of the US Capitol building.
Communications Intern Qualifications:
Our office seeks an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently
and as a member of a team environment. Applicants must have a working
knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist
with daily communication tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Communications Intern Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00 am6:00 pm) with the option of working full-time, spring semester beginning in
January. Students are welcome to apply. If interested, please send a cover letter,
updated resume, sample of a social media post for a congressperson, and
references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.

MEM-317-15

Congressman Adam Kinzinger (IL-16) is looking for unpaid interns in his
Washington, DC office for the 2015 fall and spring semesters. Interns will
observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand
knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading Capitol
tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative
projects, and attending briefings and hearings. Ideal candidates should have a
strong work ethic, be energetic and engaging, and possess a positive attitude.
Candidates with Illinois ties are encouraged to apply. Please send resume and
cover letter (with availability) to internsIL16@gmail.com.

MEM-315-15

Seeking intern who will report to the Intern Coordinator/Supervisor.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to assist in performing clerking duties, processing the mail, data entry, reception
duties and other office errands.
DUTIES:
• Sorts and distributes mail;
Page 22 of 29

• Performs data entry, including logging in incoming letters;
• Answers the telephones;
• Assists staff with Committee business including: Hearings, Briefings, and
Business Meetings;
• Performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
To apply for this position, please send an email to
Brett.Cozzolino@mail.house.gov with a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample.
MEM-314-15

Illinois Representative Mike Bost is looking for college students or recent grads
for a Congressional internship. These internships are available now on either a
full-time or part-time basis. Qualified candidates will be highly organized,
prompt, responsible, and ready to work in a fast paced environment. Strong oral
and communication skills are a must. Daily duties will include assisting staff,
answering phones, organizing mail, giving tours of the Capitol Building, and
attending hearings and briefings for legislative staff. Interns will gain valuable
Capitol Hill experience and further their understanding of the legislative process.
Illinois ties are preferred but not necessary. All interested applicants should email their resume and/or cover letter to midwestinternship@gmail.com.

MEM-313-15

Florida Republican is seeking interns for early January through May 2016.
Qualified candidates will be hardworking, motivated self-starters, detail-oriented,
and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Daily duties as an
intern will include providing general constituents services in the form of
answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting
research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending
hearings. Florida ties are a plus but not a requirement. This internship is unpaid,
however, individuals will gain invaluable experience. Please send a resume and
cover letter to FloridaConservativeRepublican@gmail.com with subject line
“Intern” for consideration.

MEM-312-15

The Washington, DC office of Rep. Mark Sanford (SC-01) seeks applicants for
unpaid fulltime internships for the fall season. Applicants should be able to
competently handle telephone calls, be well-organized, have an eye for detail,
possess strong writing skills, be generally knowledgeable of legislative and
related issues, and be able to complete tasks as directed. Main duties include
answering telephones, logging constituent calls, giving tours of the Capitol to
visitors, opening and sorting mail, and assisting with other projects. Interns will
have many opportunities to take on additional responsibilities within the office, at
the discretion of staff. Interest in fiscal responsibility and ties to South Carolina
preferred. Anyone interested should send a resume to Martha@mail.house.gov.

MEM-311-15

The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is currently
accepting applications for Spring 2015. Intern responsibilities include
researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings
Page 23 of 29

and briefings, answering phones, day to day office duties, and answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House of Representatives. As a
result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of
a congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30
PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to
MeehanDCIntern@gmail.com. The deadline to apply is November 20, 2015. Ties
to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District are preferred, but not required.
MEM-309-15

The Office of Congressman Juan Vargas (CA-51) is currently seeking interns for
the Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2015 semester.
Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to, assisting staff with
legislative research, administrative office duties, attending hearings/briefings for
staff members, answering phones, sorting through mail, drafting response letters,
and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol. This position is unpaid, but does offer a
great educational experience for anyone with aspirations of working on the Hill.
Ideal candidates should have good communication skills and a positive attitude.
California ties and Economics/Business majors are preferred.
All interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
daniel.gaytan@mail.house.gov.

MEM-308-15

Energetic NY Democrat is seeking a highly motivated Legal Fellow to assist
with a number of issues, including criminal justice, intellectual property, and
financial services. Responsibilities include analyzing policy issues, drafting
memos, researching policy positions, and assisting extremely active legislative
staff as needed. The ideal candidate is a law school student or recent law school
graduate and should possess strong communication skills, attention to detail, and
the ability to operate in a fast-paced environment. Candidates with New York ties
and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. This
fellowship is unpaid but is eligible for school credit where applicable.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample to
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov with “Legal Fellowship” in the subject line.
Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-307-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04) seeks highly
motivated interns, full time or part time, for Fall 2015. Successful candidates
will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and professional.
Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will:
answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the
US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative
Page 24 of 29

research. Internships are unpaid, but arrangements may be made to earn academic
credit.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
OR04.InternCoordinator@mail.house.gov. Candidates with Oregon ties are
strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-306-15

Democratic Congressman Mike Honda is seeking interns for the fall.
Interns will:
‐ Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting incoming mail,
greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
‐ Assist in the preparation of letters to constituents.
‐ Perform legislative research.
‐ Respond to requests from constituents.
‐ Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
‐ Sit in on meetings with stakeholders.
‐ Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the legislative process.
Candidates with full-time availability are highly preferred. Additionally, ties to
the Bay Area and additional languages are preferred.
Congressman Mike Honda represents California’s 17th Congressional District,
which includes much of Silicon Valley. He serves on the prestigious
Appropriations Committee’s subcommittees on Commerce, Justice, and Science
and on Energy and Water. He is a champion of progressive ideals has a strong
focus on education, civil rights, and science and technology policy.
Applicants should email a resume and cover letter to:
bayareademocrat@gmail.com.

MEM-305-15

The Office of Congressman Trent Franks (R-AZ) seeks Fall 2015 interns for his
Washington D.C. office. Candidates should be energetic, hard-working, eager to
learn, and able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interns will be responsible for answering phones, speaking with constituents
about legislative affairs, scheduling and giving Capitol tours, attending briefings,
and supporting the legislative staff. Other responsibilities may include editing or
writing briefs, doing research on current legislation, planning events on the Hill,
and responding to constituent mail.
Interested candidates should email a current resume to
Chelsea.Patterson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-304-15

Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for January through May 2016. Main responsibilities include
Page 25 of 29

answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
researching legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There
will also be opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest.
Candidates should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate
(with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred.
Please e-mail your cover letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at
samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.
MEM-301-15

Louisiana Republican seeks full and part time intern(s) to start immediately in
Washington, DC office. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
greeting constituents, answering phone calls, opening and sorting mail,
scheduling and guiding US Capitol Building tours, and assisting staff with
administrative tasks. Interns are also provided the opportunity to conduct
legislative research and attend briefings, hearing, and press events.
Ideal candidate will have excellent written and verbal communication skills,
strong work ethic, ability to multi-task, and a positive attitude.
Southern ties preferred, but not necessary.
Those interested please send resumes to Ann.Pierce@mail.house.gov with “Intern
Application” in the subject line.

MEM-300-15

Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for
his Spring and Summer 2016 internship program in his Washington, D.C. office.
He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated, detail-oriented, and
personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing
abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will
have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the
legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities will include
answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on
various projects. Although internships are unpaid, the office is happy to fill out
any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or
university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates
should email a resume and cover letter to Victoria.Bell@mail.house.gov.

MEM-298-15

Communications office for Democratic Leadership seeks a driven and dedicated
press intern to assist a fast-paced press team with daily operations to start
immediately. This is an unpaid, full-time, Monday through Friday position.
Job Description: Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to: answering
phones, fielding reporter inquiries, assisting with the management of press
events, helping to monitor press clips, tracking social media and breaking news,
and transcribing interviews, speeches, and remarks.

Page 26 of 29

Requirements: Interns should have a demonstrated interest in political
communication. Applicants should have strong writing and proofreading skills,
an ability to handle high-pressure situations, and a solid understanding of politics
and the legislative process. Prior Hill experience and/or social media and Spanish
language skills are a plus.
Please e-mail resume and cover letter to taylor.griffin@mail.house.gov.
MEM-296-15

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) is pleased to announce the availability of fulltime and part-time Congressional Communications Internships in his
Washington, D.C. office beginning immediately.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill office, gaining valuable exposure
and knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress. Intern
responsibilities will include working closely with the Communications Director
to draft messaging documents and respond to press inquiries messaging.
Additionally intern responsibilities will include greeting constituents, answering
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building
tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist with correspondence, as
well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills as well as social media and other
communications experience. Additionally, ideal candidates will be self-starters,
take and listen to direction, and be able to work both independently and as part of
a team.
Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics as
well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly
preferred. Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.

MEM-295-15

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as
recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its
Fall 2015 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member
services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support.
Please note that this is not a paid internship. Interested applicants should send a
cover letter, resume, and available hours to CHADem.Intern@mail.house.gov
with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship.”

Page 27 of 29

MEM-294-15

The Office of Congressman Garret Graves (LA-06) is currently seeking interns
for the Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2015 semester. Intern responsibilities
include but are not limited to, assisting staff with general office duties, attending
hearings/briefings for staff members, answering phones, sorting through mail,
drafting response letters, and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol. Qualified
applicants should be organized, enthusiastic and professional with have excellent
written and oral communication skills. This position is unpaid, but does offer a
great educational experience for anyone with aspirations of working on the Hill.
Having Louisiana ties is a plus. All interested applicants should send a cover
letter and resume to Chelsea.Keene@mail.house.gov.

MEM-291-15

The Washington, DC, office of a high profile Member of Congress has unpaid
Press internship openings to begin immediately until end of the year.
Press interns are expected to work long hours and commit between 3-5 days per
week. Internship duties include, but are not limited to compiling and daily clips,
drafting press releases and op-eds, proofreading and editing, maintaining press
lists, updating Member's communications calendar, website and social media
platforms. Intern may also assist with answering phones, incoming and outgoing
mail, addressing constituent concerns, and assisting the Legislative/District office
staff. Strong writing skills are needed and familiarity with new media and
website development is a plus. Priority will be given to those with journalism or
communications education/experience.
The ideal candidate will be creative, motivated, mature, detail-orientated, and
possess the ability to multi-task under high pressure. This is a great opportunity
for college students and recent graduates. Women and minorities, especially
those with Spanish language fluency, are highly encouraged to apply.
To apply for the position, please send your cover letter, resume and writing
sample addressed to the Comm. Director at ny13intern@gmail.com with the
subject: Press Intern.

MEM-290-15

Congressman Himes’ Washington D.C. office (CT-04) seeks motivated interns
available to start immediately. Potential interns should be able to work
independently, have good communication skills, and have an interest in the
legislative process. Tasks will include fielding constituent inquiries, drafting
memos and letters, attending briefings, leading tours of the capitol and helping
with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to learn more
about and focus on their issues of interest, through letter-writing and briefings.
Interns will work closely with the Staff Assistant, Legislative Correspondent,
Legislative Assistants, and Scheduler on day-to day tasks and special projects.
Connecticut ties and full time availability preferred but not required.
Interested parties should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to
Kamilah.Tisdale@mail.house.gov.
Page 28 of 29

MEM-289-15

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid full-time press intern
with exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring
interesting and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks
as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills.
All interested and qualified candidates should email a resume and two writing
samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject “Press Internship” to:
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

Page 29 of 29

