________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 08, 2024

MEM-286-24

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking an enthusiastic, highly
motivated press/digital intern to work in person in the Washington, DC office
for the Fall Session. Press/Digital Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated
into the day-to-day operations of our office.
They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
communications staff. This includes, but is not limited to attending press
conferences, compiling press clips, drafting social media posts, drafting press
releases, talking points and other written materials, answering phones, and
sorting mail.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual and have strong writing and
editing skills. A working knowledge of digital content creation products (Adobe
Creative Suite, Canva, or equivalent products) is a plus. Preferred applicants have
District ties, though not required. This is a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application on our site: meeks.house.gov/services/internships
with a resume, one-page writing sample and graphic design sample no later than
COB August 9, 2024.

MEM-285-24

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking enthusiastic highly
motivated part time legislative interns to work in person in the Washington, DC
Page 1 of 25

office for the Fall Session. Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into
the day-to-day operations of our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of
responsibilities to assist our legislative and communications staff. This includes
attending congressional hearings, writing memos, administrative tasks, answering
phones, sorting mail, and assisting staff.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and
editing skills. Preferred applicants have District ties, though not required. This is
a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application on our site: meeks.house.gov/services/internships
with a resume, cover letter, up to 2-page writing sample, no later than COB
August 9, 2024.
MEM-283-24

Representative Jim Baird (IN-4) is seeking internship applicants for Fall 2024 in
his Washington, DC office. This is a paid, in-person, invaluable opportunity to
experience the legislative process hands-on through a wide range of tasks and
responsibilities providing support with office administration, communications,
and legislative work.
Responsibilities may include answering phones, greeting office visitors, sorting
mail, conducting legislative research, attending hearings and briefings, giving
tours of the U.S. Capitol, assisting communications staff with press releases and
social media, and drafting constituent letters.
The ideal candidate should have strong oral and written communication skills, be
detail oriented, motivated, and flexible, and address all work with a positive
attitude.
Prior constituent or customer service experience, a demonstrated interest in
public service, and District/Indiana ties are preferred.
The internship will run from late August/early September to mid-December and
can be full-time or part-time to accommodate educational commitments.
Interested applicants should apply and upload a resume through the website at:
https://baird.house.gov/services/internships.htm. Any questions can be directed to
baird.intern@mail.house.gov

MEM-282-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07),
member of the House Judiciary Committee and Chair of the Congressional
Progressive Caucus, is seeking a law clerk to work with her legislative team.

Page 2 of 25

Under the supervision of the office’s Legislative Counsel, the law clerk will
conduct legal and policy research, attend and staff Judiciary Committee hearings,
make vote recommendations, and draft legal and policy memos and other
documents. High-achieving law students interested in public law, policy, politics,
or government service are strongly encouraged to apply.
Law clerks will engage in serious, substantive work across a number of issue
areas, including antitrust enforcement, administrative law reform, civil rights and
civil liberties, court reform and oversight, criminal justice, voting rights, and
intellectual property. The clerkship is unpaid but available for academic credit.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please email a (1) resume, (2) cover letter, (3) writing sample, and (4)
list of three references with email contacts to
Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov. Please send all application documents
in a single PDF file and include “Law Clerk – FirstName Last Name” in the
subject line.
MEM-281-24

The Office of Congresswoman Summer Lee is committed to investing in the next
generation of public leaders and citizen activists. Congressional internships offer
a comprehensive learning opportunity to understand better how congressional
offices and the legislative process work. Both in the Washington, DC, and
District Office, the internship program is designed to be a learning experience in
which students are exposed to various areas including constituent services,
scheduling, office administration, press and communications, and legislative
policy.
Typical duties will include answering phones, leading Capitol tours (Washington,
D.C.-based), researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on a variety of
issues. The ideal candidate for this paid, part-time internship will be teamoriented and have strong written and verbal communication skills.
Students and recent graduates who are interested in the legislative process are
highly encouraged to apply. The Congresswoman is on the Oversight and
Accountability Committee and the Space, Science, and Technology Committee.
Ties to Pennsylvania’s 12th Congressional District are preferred, but not
necessary.
All applicants should apply by July 19, 2024 at:
https://summerlee.house.gov/internships

Page 3 of 25

MEM-279-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking part-time and full-time paid
interns for the Fall 2024 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings,
performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various
projects. Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent
communication skills, a strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public
service and progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by
an outside organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample,
three references, and availability to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with
the subject “First Name.Last Name Internship Application” by Thursday, July
25th.

MEM-277-24

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Fall 2024 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
Page 4 of 25

entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other
congressional offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability to
CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.
MEM-274-24

Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is seeking applicants for the Fall 2024
internship program in his Washington D.C. office. The paid in-person internship
will run September through December.
Internship duties will include (but are not limited to): leading tours of the Capitol,
answering phones, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and other
tasks to assist staff.
The ideal candidate for this internship can carry out independent research and has
strong written and verbal communication skills and attention to detail. Interns
must also have a positive and collaborative attitude.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
on our nation’s legislative process. Ties to Washington are preferred, but not
required. Women, people of color and LGBTQ+ persons are strongly encouraged
to apply.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Danielle
Hall at Danielle.Hall@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2024
Internship.” Cover letters should indicate the applicant’s availability.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Applications will be reviewed
on a rolling basis, the deadline to apply is July 21, 2024.

MEM-272-24

Congressman Jared Huffman (CA-02), Ranking Member of the Water, Wildlife,
and Fisheries Subcommittee, is seeking applicants for the fall 2024 internship
program in his Washington D.C. office. Intern responsibilities will vary, and
range from answering phones, compiling press clips, booking and leading tours,
conducting research for legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and
drafting constituent letters on various issues before the House.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals with great
communication and writing skills. California ties are preferred.
Interested college students and recent graduates should email a resume, cover
letter, dates and hours of availability and 2 references to
DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov by Sunday, July 21st at 11:59pm.
Interns will receive a stipend for the semester. This office is an equal opportunity
Page 5 of 25

employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age,
religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. The
office is currently operating with a modified telecommuting policy.
MEM-271-24

The Office of Congressman Greg Casar (TX-35) is seeking candidates for a paid
internship in the Fall 2024 term. Fall internships are full-time and in-person in
the Washington, DC office. Ties to the District, Texas, and Spanish language
fluency are preferred but not required.
The Fall 2024 internship program runs September 3 to November 29. Internships
in our office are paid $15/hour at the close of each month. A fall internship is 40
hours per week, five days a week from 9:00AM to 6:00PM ET. Schedule is
flexible to accommodate students enrolled in courses.
DUTIES
The internship provides a valuable opportunity to contribute to the daily
operations of a congressional office and gain first-hand experience with the
legislative process.
Interns are critical to the operations of a congressional office. Various intern
responsibilities may include but are not limited to: greeting guests, answering
phones, logging constituent phone calls, email inbox, opening and sorting mail,
drafting constituent letters, performing legislative research, leading Capitol tours,
assisting staff with events, meetings, communications tasks, and various day-today office tasks.
QUALIFIED APPLICANT REQUIREMENTS
The ideal candidate will be dependable, professional, detail-oriented, an efficient
multitasker, a proactive problem-solver, be comfortable interacting and speaking
on the phone with the public. Successful internship candidates should:
● Be at least 18 years of age.
● Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
● Possess a professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting
with visitors, constituents, and staff members in a fast-paced, highly dynamic
environment.
● Possess effective skills for verbal and written communications.
● Possess effective teamwork skills, flexibility, willingness to learn new skills,
and the ability to support the needs of multiple team members and leaders in the
office.
● Possess time management skills including the ability to prioritize and track
work status.
HOW TO APPLY

Page 6 of 25

Our office is committed to building a team with diverse lived experiences that
equips our team to serve the Texas 35th district. Candidates are encouraged to
apply and describe in their cover letter how their experience translates to the role
and needs of the office. Application deadline is July 8, 2024, at 11:59 pm ET/
10:59 pm CT.
Interested applicants should:
1. Fill out an application at https://casar.house.gov/jobs
2. In the application link, submit one combined PDF of a resume, cover letter,
contact information of 2-3 references, and a brief writing sample (no more than
three pages).
3. Due to the large volume of applicants, only applicants selected for interviews
will be contacted.
The Office of Congressman Greg Casar is an equal opportunity employer; we do
not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression,
national origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital status,
sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal
law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to
participate in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request
accommodation at any time during those processes. Proof of COVID-19
vaccination and A booster will be requested.
MEM-268-24

The House Democratic Caucus is currently seeking candidates for paid
internships for the 2024 Fall term. Internships are full-time and in-person in our
Washington, DC office. Current college students and recent graduates are
welcome to apply.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
supporting Members and staff of the House Democratic Caucus. Interns
contribute to the daily operations of the office and are expected to act in a
dependable and professional manner at all times. The ideal candidate will be
detail-oriented, work efficiently under pressure and manage multiple projects at
one time. The internships include some physical tasks like lifting and pushing
carts as part of event setup and logistical responsibilities. Responsibilities will
include:
Press Intern: Drafting press releases and other written materials, maintaining
press lists, and assisting with press events and other Caucus events and meetings.
Spanish fluency is a plus.
Digital Intern: Drafting digital copy for the Caucus official social media
channels, collaborating on creative graphic and video content, and assisting with
press conferences and other Caucus events and meetings.
Operations Intern: Greeting guests, answering phones, monitoring and
Page 7 of 25

responding to the Caucus email inbox, assisting with Caucus Meetings and
events, supporting office operations, attending briefings and drafting memos, and
various day-to-day office tasks.
The House Democratic Caucus is an equal opportunity employer; we do not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital
status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable
federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require a reasonable
accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes are
encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
Interested applicants should submit an application and upload a resume, cover
letter and one-paged writing sample. Digital applicants may submit 1-2 digital
samples. The internship will run from Tuesday, September 3 to Friday,
December 20, 2024. This internship offers compensation of $2,700 per month.
The deadline to apply for our Fall cohort is Friday, July 12, 2024. Please apply
through this form
https://airtable.com/appYKMJnNAGUhhrNf/pagNdM59TxWvxeB9i/form.
MEM-267-24

The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns for
Fall 2024 (September – December). Applicants must be organized, detail
oriented, and dependable. Above all, we seek candidates who are passionate
about issues within the Natural Resources Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate
exceptional interpersonal skills, and are eager to learn about committee process.
Interns will conduct legislative research, prepare for hearings, assist with
administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid communications.
Primary responsibilities include:
Assisting with administrative duties
Assisting with legislative and policy projects
Researching legislation, regulations, and public law
Assisting with communications and outreach
Responding to request for information
Attending briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the
needs and concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and
orientations. Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and
social inequality in the U.S., and has a passion for working to dismantle these
systems.

Page 8 of 25

The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work inoffice when Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a
monthly stipend of $3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request accommodations at any
time during those processes.
To apply, address your application materials to Rachel Jones at
NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “HNRC Fall Internship
Application – First Name Last Name” by close of business on July 19. Include a
cover letter, resume, a short writing sample, and your availability during the
internship timeframe (September – December).
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates who
are being actively considered for this position.
MEM-265-24

Congressman Cliff Bentz (OR-02) is seeking interns for his Washington D.C.
Office. Congressman Bentz is a member of the House Judiciary Committee and
the House Natural Resources Committee. Ideal candidates will be college
students or recent graduates who are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detailoriented, enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and have customer service experience.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations
and legislative research. Although no two days are the same, an intern may be
expected to answer phones, greet Oregonians, attend policy meetings with other
staff, and assist in managing constituent correspondences and administrative
operations. Interns may also lead tours of the U.S. Capitol and attend committee
hearings.
Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide
valuable experience for future endeavors. The internship will generate the
opportunity to foster excellent connections, learn about many issues affecting our
state and country, gain expertise in any policy areas you might be interested in,
and get a detailed look at what makes the United States the most enduring
democracy in the world.
Desired Availability: Applicants should be able to commit to at least 20 hours per
week. Office hours are 9:00AM – 5:00PM weekdays. The internship is in-person
and paid. All interested applicants are asked to fill out the application form found
on the Congressman’s website: https://bentz.house.gov/services/internships.
Page 9 of 25

MEM-262-24 Congressman Cory Mills’ (FL-07) Washington, D.C. office is currently seeking.
qualified individuals to serve in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall of
2024.
Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office, while gaining
firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with
legislative projects and attending briefings and hearings.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. This is a paid internship.
Please send resumes and cover letter to Milka.jurado2@mail.house.gov
MEM-261-24 The D.C. Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) is seeking interns for
the Fall 2024 term. This internship is a great opportunity for individuals who seek
to gain public service experience and insight into Capitol Hill. This is a full-time,
limited-term position.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Answering phone calls
• Greeting office visitors
• Intaking constituent comments
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Coordinating tour requests
• Leading tours of the Capitol
• Attending congressional briefings and hearings
• Assisting operations, communications, and legislative staffers with various
tasks
Other duties will be based on the intern's interests.
We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, customer service skills,
and strong writing skills. Start and end dates are flexible. MI-13 ties and service
industry experience are pluses.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual
orientation, or age. We strongly encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and
members of other underrepresented communities to apply.

Page 10 of 25

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample in
one combined document to HR.Thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Last Name - Fall DC Intern Application.” The application deadline is July 14,
2024. No calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-260-24 Congresswoman Hillary Scholten is looking for highly motivated and
driven interns for Fall 2024.
Opportunities are available for both her Washington, D.C. office and her district
office in Grand Rapids. To apply, please submit your resume, cover letter, and
two references in one PDF to MI03Internships@mail.house.gov.
The subject line must include your full name and which office you are interested
in for your application to be considered (ex: [NAME] District Office OR
[NAME] Washington, D.C.). Interns will receive a monthly stipend. Applications
will be accepted until Friday, July 12th at 11:59 PM ET.
DC OFFICE
Hours will typically be 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. when Congress is in session and 9 a.m. to
5 p.m. when Congress is out of session. Interns are expected to work full time but
hours can be flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules. The D.C.
Office internship allows interns to get involved with the legislative process.
Responsibilities include:
Answering phone calls and greeting constituents and stakeholders that enter the
office
Logging phone calls, mail, and other correspondence into our database
Drafting letters addressing constituent concerns
Putting together daily news clips
Assisting the legislative staff with research and compiling information
Giving Capitol tours
Attending hearings and briefings
Any other tasks assigned by the Internship Coordinator
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Ties to Michigan’s 3rd Congressional District/West Michigan are a plus.
DISTRICT OFFICE- Grand Rapids
The district office is open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday. Interns
are expected to work a minimum of 16 hours weekly, in no less than 4 hours
blocks. This is to accommodate their academic schedules.
District office interns will engage with constituents and the community while
being at the intersection of the federal government. Responsibilities include:
Page 11 of 25

Answering phone calls and greeting constituents and stakeholders that enter the
office.
Logging phone calls, mail, and other correspondence into our database
Drafting letters addressing constituent concerns
Monitoring local news and social media for current activities in the district
Assisting the district staff with research
Attending meetings with local stakeholders or constituents
Interacting with government agencies to resolve constituent issues
Any other tasks assigned by the Internship Coordinator
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Ties to Michigan’s 3rd Congressional District/West Michigan are a plus.
No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-259-24 The Office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking
interns for our Washington, D.C. and Los Angeles offices for the Fall 2024 term.
Our office values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial
environment. We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to
grow. Interns will have great opportunities to learn from office staff and network
with others to make the most of their time with our office!
Intern Expectations
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service;
possess excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and
communication skills; work well in a team environment; and have a general
understanding of the US political system.
Internship Responsibilities
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Legislative interns can expect to:
Answer phones and assist in correspondence with constituents
Greet constituents and office visitors
Process tour requests and lead Capitol tours
Handle mail
Assist in processing casework
Perform legislative research
Work on other administrative tasks as directed

Press interns can expect to:

Page 12 of 25

•
•
•
•
•
•

Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant in drafting social
media content and other materials like press releases, website content, and
newsletters
Create graphic design posts for social media
Compile daily press clips
Edit video clips
Maintain press lists
Answer phones and assist in correspondence as needed.

In our DC office, you can apply to be EITHER a Legislative OR Press intern. In
our Los Angeles office, you will be a general office intern.
Internship Dates and Details:
Fall internships are slated to start mid-August and go until mid December, with
some flexibility. Interns are expected to work in person in the office, MondayFriday 9 a.m.- 5 p.m. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate remote or hybrid
internships at this time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, July 12th .
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter
(in one document) to:
CA37.internships@mail.house.gov for DC office internship.
Use the subject line “First name Last name [legislative] OR [press] – Fall 2024
internship”
ca37.DOinternships@mail.house.gov for Los Angeles office internship
Use the subject line “First name Last name – Fall 2024 Internship” in your email.
Please reach out our intern coordinator, Madilyn Brandon, with any questions at
Madilyn.Brandon@mail.house.gov.
MEM-250-24 Congressman Kevin Mullin’s (CA-15) D.C. office is seeking an in-person, parttime, paid press intern for Fall 2024. The press intern will work closely with the
communications team and occasionally the legislative team.
Applicants should be organized, creative, familiar with current events, and detail
oriented. Responsibilities include answering telephones; compiling daily press
clips; creating content for social media; drafting press releases, newsletters, and
other written materials; maintaining press lists; clipping floor and hearing
remarks; and designing graphics.
The ideal candidate is team-oriented, has written and oral communication skills,
experience with graphic design, and relevant communications experience. A

Page 13 of 25

strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
This position pays $15 per hour and will be based on an approximately 20-hour
work week. Interested applicants should send their resume, a cover letter
explaining their interest and any relevant experience, and one sample graphic to
Mullininternships@gmail.com with the subject line “Last name, First name Mullin Fall Press Internship Application” in one PDF. California ties are
preferred, but not required. The deadline to apply is July 11th, 2024. Due to the
large volume of applicants, only those applicants who are selected for interviews
will be contacted.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-258-24

The DC office of Representative Yadira Caraveo, M.D. (CO-08) is looking for
Fall 2024 full-time and part-time interns! This internship will run from late
August/mid-September through mid-December/early January and take place in
person in the DC office. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. Intern
schedules can be modified to fit with any classloads.
Successful applicants will be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work
ethic, and interact well with constituents. In addition, applicants should have a
strong interest in the legislative process and the function of Congress. A monthly
stipend will be provided to individuals selected for the internship.
Job Duties:
• Duties in this role include but are not limited to:
• Provide a welcoming environment and a positive first impression of the
office to constituents and visitors to the office
• Handle incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness
• Sort and/or log incoming calls, mail, and electronic correspondence
• Assist with tour and greeting requests
• Assist the Legislative Correspondent/Staff Assistant with research and
preparing official correspondence
• Run errands, draft letters, draft memos for office staff
• Assist with various constituent case work and constituent services
• Attend policy briefings and other informational sessions, then prepare
briefs on the covered information
• Overall assist the DC office team with work as assigned

Page 14 of 25

To apply, please fill out the application though:
https://caraveo.house.gov/services/internships. Please select Fall as your
preferred term and DC as your preferred location. Please indicate
your availability in your cover letter.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. If you have any questions, please reach out to Emma
Casey at Emma.Casey@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-257-24

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for Late August-December. Please indicate availability in the first paragraph of
the cover letter.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application by July 15, including a resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample at the following link: cartwright.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-256-24

The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle (NY-25) in Rochester, NY,
will be accepting applications for an in-person internship during the 2024 Fall
Semester. Applications will be accepted June 24th – July 22nd.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Completing constituent calls;
• Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations;
• Day-to-day office work;
• Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in
the D.C. office;
• Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent
case work or work on District-based projects of importance.
Page 15 of 25

As a result, interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office,
congressional communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates
should possess excellent communication skills, strong attention to detail, the
ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. New
York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
For more information on the district internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
Applications should be sent in PDF format to Eric.Gros@mail.house.gov with
“NY-25 Fall 2024 District Internship” in the subject line. The deadline for this
internship application is July 22nd at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to
submit their application early. Interview requests will be sent out following the
July 22nd deadline.
MEM-255-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting
applications for an internship during the 2024 Fall term. Applicants must be
based in Washington, D.C. for the duration of the fall internship (late August –
mid December, subject to change).
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but generally
run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House Calendar). Interns receive a
stipend distributed based on total hours worked.
In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will vary. Interns will be
responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations;
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly
processing other inquiries;
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests;
• Day-to-day office work to assist with the functioning of the congressional
office and other duties as delegated by members of the staff;
• Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting
constituent letters;
• Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff;
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team;
• Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the
Rochester office;
Page 16 of 25

•
•
•
•
•

Other administrative tasks as assigned.
As a result, interns will learn about the operations of a congressional
office, congressional
communications, and the legislative process.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent written and verbal
communications skills, a strong
attention to detail, the ability to succeed in a fast-paced work
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are
preferred but not required.

Interested applicants should submit the following:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• Writing sample (ex. policy memo, short essay, etc.) (max. 2 pages)
• Dates of availability
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, current graduate
students, and recent college graduates.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.
Applications should be sent in PDF format to
Savannah.Chadwick@mail.house.gov with “NY-25 Fall 2024 DC Internship” in
the subject line.
The deadline for this internship application is July 22nd at 11:59pm EST.
Applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Interview requests
will be sent out following the July 22nd deadline.
MEM-253-24

Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks press and legislative interns for his
Washington, D.C., office for the Fall 2024 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students, graduate
students, and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of a
Congressional office and the legislative process. Interns should have a general
understanding of the U.S. political system, value open communication, be eager
to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be an
educational experience. Internships are offered for either academic credit or a
stipend. Internship applicants must be high school graduates. Current students
and recent graduates will be given first priority for the internship program.
Page 17 of 25

Legislative intern responsibilities include:
• Attending committee hearings and congressional briefings,
• Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
• Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.
Press intern responsibilities include:
Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press Secretary in
drafting and editing social media content, digital graphics, and other digital
materials,
• Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
• Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks, as
directed.
Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic familiarity with
graphic design and video editing. Submission of a sample graphic or similar
communications work with your application is strongly encouraged.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees
and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover letter,
resume, three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf file, with the
file name including internship class, year, last name, and first name (i.e.
Fall2024.Doe.Jane.pdf) to CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by July 15,
2024. Please specify whether you are applying for the press internship or the
legislative internship. Applicants with strong ties to the 49th District are given
preference.
MEM-252-24

The Office of Congresswoman Marilyn Strickland is currently accepting
applications for a fall communications intern. Communications Interns assist
the communications staff by compiling media clips, drafting social media posts
and press releases, creating digital content, answering phones, inputting casework
inquiries, and aiding the Congresswoman’s communications efforts. Experience
working in communications is a plus.

Page 18 of 25

Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can excel in a
fast-paced environment. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal
communication skills, an eye for and ability to create engaging digital content,
and a good sense of humor. Ties to Washington State are preferred, but not
required. Applicants are encouraged to include any previous customer service
experience (retail, food service, hospitality, etc.) on their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and a sample social media post with relevant written and visual
components in a single PDF document to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC
Fall Communications Internship-[LAST NAME]” in the subject line. Please
indicate in the cover letter which internship you are applying for and your dates
of availability.
The deadline for applications is Monday, July 15, 2024, at 5 PM ET, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are
incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not be considered. The internship
will run from September – December.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity,
national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information,
age, military service, or other non-merit factors. Individuals from
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no unsolicited
phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-251-24

The Office of Congresswoman Marilyn Strickland is accepting applications for a
fall legislative intern. Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff by preparing
briefing notes and memos, researching legislation, tracking legislative activity,
providing mail program support, answering phones, inputting casework inquiries,
attending hearings, and advancing the Congresswoman’s legislative agenda.
Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can excel in a
fast-paced environment. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal
communication skills, an ability to manage multiple short-term and stretch
assignments, and a good sense of humor. Ties to Washington State are preferred,
but not required. Applicants are encouraged to include any previous customer
service experience (retail, food service, hospitality, etc.) on their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample not
to exceed one page in length in a single PDF document to
WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Fall Legislative Internship-[LAST
NAME]” in the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship
you are applying for and your dates of availability. The internship will run from
September – December.
Page 19 of 25

The deadline for applications is Monday, July 15, 2024, at 5 PM ET, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their applications early. Applications that are
incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity,
national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information,
age, military service, or other non-merit factors. Individuals from
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no unsolicited
phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-249-24

The D.C. office of Congressman Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications
for paid legislative internships for the fall semester.
The ideal candidate will have excellent communication and written skills, interest
in the legislative process, resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fastpaced environment. Ties to the Bay Area or California are preferred, but not
required.
Responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislative issues, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and hearings,
recommending legislation to the Congressman, and other tasks as assigned. The
Fall term begins mid- to late-August and will end early- to mid-December with
flexible start and end dates. Work will be in-person and is compensated at $15
per hour.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as
one PDF to MullinInternships@gmail.com. Email subject line should follow the
following format: LastName, FirstName – Fall Legislative Internship.
Additionally, please note your availability and any ties to the Bay Area or
California in the body of your email. The deadline to apply is July 22nd, 2024.
Due to the large volume of applicants, only those applicants who are selected for
interviews will be contacted.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

Page 20 of 25

MEM-246-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for the fall of 2024. This is an in-person opportunity with limited hybrid
hours possible. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
· Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
· Strong communications and writing skills.
· Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
· Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
· Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
· Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
· Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
· Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
· Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
· Resume.
· Cover letter.
· Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

MEM-245-24

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Fall Legislative Internship
Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for
college students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to
accommodate students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
The Legislative Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Page 21 of 25

*Drafting constituent correspondence
*Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
*Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
*Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
*Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall
Legislative Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and
compile all application materials into one PDF document.
MEM-238-24

Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Sacramento)
offices. Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative
process first-hand and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data entry.
Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending briefings, hearings, and markups; and
answering constituent letters on various issues. Interns based in California may
also be asked to assist on a variety of constituent casework or in-district projects,
as needed.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official
website and complete the application
form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application, a
cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to California’s 7th
District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a
rolling basis.

MEM-237-24

Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C.
office for Fall 2024.
Ideal candidates are organized and passionate undergraduate students, graduate
students, or recent graduates with an interest in public service. They should be
self-starters with excellent writing and organizational skills.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, military status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Special consideration will be

Page 22 of 25

given to candidates with New Jersey ties and to those from backgrounds that are
traditionally underrepresented in Congress.
Key responsibilities of D.C. interns include:
•Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations
•Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing
other inquiries
•Legislative work: attending hearing and briefings, writing memos, composing
cosponsor recommendations, and drafting letters to be sent to constituents
•Organizing incoming mail
•Assisting with press clips and communications tasks
Applications are processed on a rolling basis, and candidates are encouraged to
apply as soon as possible. The internship will take place in-person from August
or September to December or January. Preference will be given to those with
availability of at least 20 hours per week, and a stipend will be provided.
To apply, please fill out the application and submit a resume and cover letter
through this link: https://menendez.house.gov/services/internships Please indicate
your availability in your cover letter and format the files
[LastName_CoverLetter] and [LastName_Resume].
MEM-234-24

“The office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is now accepting
applicants for Fall Congressional Internships in our Washington, DC office.
Successful applicants will be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work
ethic, and interact well with constituents. In addition, applicants should have a
strong interest in the legislative process and the function of Congress. A monthly
stipend will be provided to individuals selected for the internship.
Internship duties in the Washington, DC office may include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
• Attending congressional hearings and policy briefings
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House
• Helping the communications/press team
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Other projects as assigned by the staff
To apply, please email your resume to Wisconsin.resumes@mail.house.gov
Ties to the state of Wisconsin are preferred, but not required. “

MEM-231-24

The Washington, D.C., Office of Congressman Adam B. Schiff (CA-30) is
seeking professional, enthusiastic, and hardworking interns to assist staff with
administrative and legislative work.
Page 23 of 25

The Fall 2024 term runs from September through November and is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates. Interns typically work three
days per week, with flexibility to accommodate class schedules. Interns will
receive a stipend. Academic credit is also available.
Responsibilities
• Front office duties, including answering telephones, sorting mail, greeting
visitors, and assisting with the Congressman’s meetings
• Compiling press clips and assisting the communications team
• Processing and drafting responses to constituent correspondence
• Attending briefings and conducting policy research as requested by legislative
staff
• Performing various other tasks to ensure the office functions smoothly
To Apply
All applicants should apply by July 15 at 11:59 p.m.
at https://schiff.house.gov/help/internships
Please note that we always receive more applications than we can accommodate
and that applicants with ties to the 30th District are given preference. Candidates
from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
MEM-195-24

Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his Salem office and
Washington D.C. office.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, current graduate
students, and recent college graduates. Interns receive a stipend distributed based
on total hours worked.
D.C. RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail.
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman.
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
•Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research.
DISTRICT RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
•Assisting the Casework Team on a variety of casework requests involving
Page 24 of 25

federal agencies.
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research and attending community events.
APPLICATIONS
Applicants can access the application here:
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd1NOVxgvmGvGyH_1u4e35RUk
weWU24Rmu7gA0Y3HOxKXTkjQ/viewform
Applicants can find more information on the internship portal at
moulton.house.gov under the ‘Services’ tab. All applications are due on July
15th, 2024, and will be reviewed after the application period closes.
If you have trouble accessing the application form above or have other questions,
please email Bridget Pegg (bridget.pegg@mail.house.gov)

Page 25 of 25

