________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 3, 2022

MEM-012-22

The House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, and Human
Rights – chaired by Congresswoman Karen Bass (D-CA) – is seeking two fulltime interns for Spring 2022.
The legislative intern will work closely with subcommittee staff while learning
the inner workings of Congress and the legislative process. Successful candidates
will be versatile, professional, able to conduct semi-supervised research, strong
communication skills, and able to write clearly and succinctly. They should also
be available to work a minimum of 15 hours per week and the ability to thrive in
a fast-paced work environment.
The internship is a U.S. based, remote eligible position beginning as soon as
possible in January. Undergraduate or graduate school students and recent alumni
interested in foreign affairs and Western Hemisphere policy are encouraged to
apply. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: providing administrative
and research support to staff, assisting with subcommittee hearings and briefings,
attending virtual events and writing memorandum for staff, among other
administrative and research assignments.
Qualified applicants should send a one-page resume, cover letter, and 2-3page
writing sample to erica.baganza@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring
2022 Internship Application.” Minorities, women, and LGBTQIA+ individuals
and those with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. Please be sure to
include your preferred start and end date. No calls or drop-ins.
Page 1 of 8

MEM-010-22

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Government Operations, is seeking an energetic and selfmotivated graduate student for a full-time internship for Spring 2022.
The position offers the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting
and fast-paced Subcommittee, while participating directly in the oversight
process and learning about the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting staff in preparing for
congressional hearings, writing floor speeches, conducting legal and factual
research, drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive Branch and private sector officials. Interns play a key role in the office
and will work closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Background: The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to
investigate any matter at any time. The Subcommittee on Government Operations
has jurisdiction over issues related to the federal civil service, whistleblower
protections, the U.S. Postal Service; government management and accounting
measures; the economy, efficiency, and management of government operations
and activities; government reorganization; intergovernmental affairs, including
state and local governments; federal information technology security, acquisition
policy, and management; and federal property.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Applicants should be willing to be in the office full time.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing their
resume and cover letter in one PDF titled “last name, first name, Spring 2022
GovOps” to Government.Operations@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2022
Internship Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Only applicants who are selected for an interview will receive a response.

MEM-007-22

Congressman Dan Newhouse (R-WA-04) is currently seeking a paid
congressional intern for the Spring 2022 term. The internship is in-person and
will run from early February to late May. Dates are flexible. This internship is
open to undergraduate and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, opening and sorting mail,
greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks, and
producing a daily memo. Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong
work ethic, attention to detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced work
environment. District ties will be considered however are not required.
Page 2 of 8

Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Spring 2022 Internship” to Ben.Savercool@mail.house.gov
MEM-593-21

Spring Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Spring 2022. The internship is in-person and will run
from early January to late May. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Spring 2022 Internship” to Will.Salmon@mail.house.gov, or by applying
through our website https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships

MEM-592-21

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Matt Rosendale (MT-At Large) is
currently seeking applicants for the paid intern position in the Spring of 2022.
Typical duties include answering phones, leading Capitol tours, researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings,
and answering constituent letters on a variety of issues. Due to the ongoing
spread of COVID-19, some of these duties may be significantly altered.
Ideal candidates are conservative college students or recent college graduates
with strong communication and organizational skills. Students and recent
graduates interested in learning more about our country’s legislative process are
encouraged to apply. Montana ties are preferred but by no means required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Alexandra
Schindewolf at alexandra.schindewolf@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Spring 2022 Internship.” Please send all attachments as PDFs. Additionally,
applicants should include their availability as a part- or full-time intern (if parttime, please be as specific as possible).
The internship will begin in early January and end in April or May, depending on
individual circumstances.

MEM-590-21

Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his Salem office and
Washington D.C. office in Summer 2022. During the COVID-19 pandemic,
interns may work remotely.
Page 3 of 8

Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, recent college
graduates, students currently enrolled in graduate school. Under very rare
circumstances the office will also host high school students.
RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail
•Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents, COVID-19 permitting
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman
•Assembling press and news clips
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research
APPLICATIONS
Please apply through the internship portal at moulton.house.gov, under the
‘Services’ tab. If you have trouble accessing the application form, please
email grace.curtiss@mail.house.gov.
MEM-589-21

Team Moulton is seeking exceptional students interested in foreign policy and
national security to participate in the Fern Holland International Affairs
Fellowship Program.
This is a full-time, paid foreign policy fellowship for Summer 2022. This
opportunity is based on financial need and is only open to candidates who are
Pell-grant eligible. The fellowship is in our Washington, D.C. office. Current
undergraduate students, recent college graduates, and students currently enrolled
in graduate school are eligible.
Team Moulton is looking for hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to strengthening our democracy. This fully-funded
fellowship covers the cost of housing, transportation, and food with a stipend.
Women, People of Color, and members of other underrepresented communities
are especially encouraged to apply.
This fellowship offers an in-depth look into a career of service to our nation.
Fellows will be expected to perform rigorous research, advise senior staff and the
Congressman on important issues, and craft policies in international affairs and
national security, in addition to some regularly assigned intern responsibilities.
To apply, please fill out the internship application form
at moulton.house.gov under the ‘Services’ tab and attach a cover letter and
resume. If you have trouble accessing the application form, please
email grace.curtiss@mail.house.gov.

Page 4 of 8

If selected, you will be required to submit a FAFSA form. We are accepting
applications for Summer through March 15, 2022. Feel free to call our office with
any questions you may have at (202) 225-8020 or email our internship
coordinator, Grace Curtiss (grace.curtiss@mail.house.gov).
MEM-588-21

The House Judiciary Committee Democratic staff are looking for interns for the
summer semester.
The House Committee on the Judiciary’s staff internship program offers
undergraduate students, law students, graduate students, and recent graduates an
opportunity to experience the operation of a congressional committee firsthand
and learn about the important role that our Committee plays in the legislative
process.
The Judiciary Committee has jurisdiction over a wide range of legislative and
oversight issues, including oversight of the U.S. Department of Justice,
constitutional law, federal criminal law, voting rights, immigration and
naturalization, intellectual property law, and antitrust law. Stipends will be
available to summer interns.
Intern assignments will vary depending on the work of the Judiciary Committee
each semester. Examples of potential responsibilities include:
•Researching policy issues under the committee’s jurisdiction
•Conducting legal research
•Attending briefings and hearings on the Hill
•Drafting memos
•Supporting committee counsels
•Supporting committee clerks and professional staff members
•Providing administrative support, including answering calls, delivering
correspondence, and setting up the hearing room.
The Committee strives to ensure that our internship class reflects the diversity of
the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
The deadline to apply for the summer semester is February 15, 2022. This
internship is based in Washington, DC.
To learn more and apply, please visit https://judiciary.house.gov/about/internshipopportunities.htm

MEM-584-21

The Office of Congresswoman Lisa McClain (MI-10) is seeking full-time paid
Spring Interns to start working in the DC office in-person beginning early
January.

Page 5 of 8

Ideal candidates are conservative college students or recent college graduates
with strong communication and organizational skills. Interns will be present in
the office daily, and will assist in a variety of legislative an administrative tasks.
Interns will represent the office through correspondence with constituents, and
are expected to have outstanding outstanding interpersonal skills. Interns should
be regularly following the news, tracking the Congresswoman’s official duties
and policy positions, and be able to speak confidently on current political issues
and the legislative profile of the office.
To apply please email a resume and cover letter
to Bennett.Danforth@mail.house.gov
MEM-580-21

Conservative Texas member looking for recent college graduates for internship
opportunity! Flexibility and ability to talk on the phone is a must, experience in
DC and with indigov is helpful but not required.
Please reach out to kaela.thompson@mail.house.gov with resumes.

MEM-579-21

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Spring 2022.
Qualified applicants should possess strong communication skills, be interested in
learning about the legislative process, and have a willingness to work in our fastpaced office. Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of
the Capitol, attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and
additional tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability
to intern.OH06@gmail.com.

MEM-568-21

The majority staff of the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia, the
Pacific, Central Asia, and Nonproliferation seeks a part-time, paid Asia Policy
Fellow for Spring 2022.
The Fellow will support the subcommittee staff in researching and preparing
materials for subcommittee hearings, preparing for the Chairman’s meetings with
foreign government officials, and other activities. The Fellow will also assist in
developing policy and oversight materials, including but not limited to oversight
letters, speech writing, and resolution drafting, as needed. Strong writing and
communication skills are required, as well as a familiarity with the Indo-Pacific.
A background in U.S. policy toward China is strongly preferred. Candidates
should be team players, self-starters, and should thrive in a fast-paced
environment.

Page 6 of 8

The position ideally begins in February 2022, with a possible duration of up to
four months. The subcommittee seeks candidates who can commit to working a
minimum of two full-time days per week. The position is compensated through a
weekly stipend. The subcommittee is an equal opportunity employer.
The office does not discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color,
religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic
information, disability, or uniformed service. The office is committed to inclusion
and encourages all individuals from all backgrounds to apply.
To apply please send a cover letter, resume, and a 2-4 page writing sample
to APCANBera.Applications@gmail.com.
MEM-563-21

The House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, Civilian
Security, Migration and International Economic Policy – chaired by
Congressman Albio Sires (D-NJ) – is seeking one full-time intern for
Winter/Spring 2022.
The legislative intern will work closely with subcommittee staff while learning
the inner workings of Congress and the legislative process. Successful candidates
will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detail-oriented, with strong
writing and communication skills and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced work
environment.
The internship is a remote-hybrid position beginning in January 2022.
Undergraduate or graduate school students and recent alumni interested in foreign
affairs and Western Hemisphere policy are encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: providing administrative and
research support to staff, assisting with subcommittee hearings and briefings,
attending virtual events and writing memorandum for staff, among other
administrative and research assignments. Spanish, French, Haitian Creole, or
Portuguese proficiency preferred but not required.
Qualified applicants should send a one-page resume and one-page cover letter
to WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Winter/Spring 2022 Internship
Application.” Minorities, women, and LGBTQIA+ individuals and those with
disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. Please be sure to include your
preferred start and end date. No calls or drop-ins.

MEM-511-21

Winter Congressional Internship Opportunity:
Congressman John Garamendi (D-CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his team. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and
phenomenal team players.

Page 7 of 8

Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are
imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and
press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending virtual
hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 8 of 8

