________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 18, 2021

MEM-420-21

The Office of Representative Andy Harris (MD-01) is seeking full-time and parttime interns for the spring 2022 semester in the D.C., Kent Island, and Salisbury
offices.
Duties will include but are not limited to answering constituent calls, assisting in
sorting and distributing mail, performing research and assisting the legislative
team, attending briefings, and administrative work as needed.
Candidates should be interested in public policy and be detail-oriented,
motivated, organized, and willing to learn. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. Maryland ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample in PDF format
to MD01jobopenings@mail.house.gov and include “Harris Internship – Spring
2022” in the subject line. No phone calls please.

MEM-419-21

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Spring 2022 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
Page 1 of 11

House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other congressional
offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability
to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.
MEM-418-21

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks
full-time and part time, paid interns for Spring 2022. Interns are asked to work
with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups and will work on
substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters.
Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including
tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Internship Description/Duties:
This position will be a combination of telework and in-office work as safety and
logistics permit. Interns will be given an opportunity to work on substantive
projects under the direction of Committee Staff while also serving a general
administrative function.
Typical Intern Duties include working closely with staff to complete long-term or
short-term projects, preparing research memos on scientific topics, supporting
staff in the preparation of Committee hearing materials, and participating in
events related to the Committee’s jurisdiction.
Qualification/Skills:
Candidate should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, have a strong appreciation for situational awareness, be
able to multitask, and be adaptable to a fast-paced environment. An interest in
topics relevant to the committee’s jurisdiction is preferred.
Page 2 of 11

Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website
at https://science.house.gov/contact/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-417-21

The Office of Congressman Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking candidates for Spring
internships in our Washington, D.C. and Albany offices.
Interns will work with legislative and casework staff to learn about all operations
of a congressional office. Applicants should have strong oral and written
communication skills, as well as be passionate about public service, eager to
learn, and detail oriented. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities may include:
- Answering phones
- Writing letters to constituents on a variety of policy topics
- Assisting constituents with matters related to federal agencies
- Researching legislation for the Member and staff
- Attending hearings and briefings
Stipends are offered in accordance with availability. Applications will be
considered on a rolling basis through Friday, November 19.
To apply for an internship in our Washington, D.C. office, please email a cover
letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to Bayley
Connors at bayley.connors@mail.house.gov by November 19, 2021 with the
subject line, "Spring Internship: DC".
To apply for an internship in our Albany office, please email a cover letter,
resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to Bayley Connors
at bayley.connors@mail.house.gov by November 19, 2021 with the subject line,
"Spring Internship: Albany”.

MEM-415-21

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking a full-time in-person
intern in the Washington D.C. office to begin as soon as possible.
The intern will work mainly with D.C.-based staff, performing legislative and
administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience.
Specific duties include drafting and sorting constituent correspondence, attending
virtual policy briefings, performing legislative research, producing daily press
clips, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong written communication skills,
and are committed to public service. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.
Page 3 of 11

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample
to Maura.Haydin@mail.house.gov with “Pocan Internship - Fall 2021” in the
subject line. Interested applicants should also apply to the scholarship program
at: https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program
MEM-414-21

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full-time in-person
interns in the Washington D.C. office to begin in January.
The intern will work mainly with D.C.-based staff, performing legislative and
administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience.
Specific duties include drafting and sorting constituent correspondence, attending
virtual policy briefings, performing legislative research, producing daily press
clips, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong written communication skills,
and are committed to public service. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample
to Maura.Haydin@mail.house.gov with “Pocan Internship - Spring 2021” in the
subject line. Interested applicants should also apply to the scholarship program
at: https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program.

MEM-413-21

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for
interns for the Spring 2022 semester.
Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and
administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press
clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research,
drafting memoranda and other written materials, facilitating committee operations
and a variety of other tasks.
Candidates should be team-oriented, resourceful, upbeat people who have skills
beyond research and require little supervision. This internship is open to
undergraduates (juniors and seniors), recent graduates, and Master’s and law
students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page
resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and
include “HFAC Internship Application – Spring 2022” in the subject line of the
email.

Page 4 of 11

MEM-412-21

The office of Representative Kai Kahele (HI-02) is currently accepting
applications for Spring interns in both his Hilo, Hawaiʻi and D.C. offices from
January to May 2022.
Hawaiʻi District Office interns will be asked to answer phones, sort mail, research
legislation and stakeholder meetings, assist staff with constituent casework and
outreach activities and perform administrative work as assigned. As a result,
interns will have the opportunity to learn about constituent services and the
functions of a congressional district office.
D.C. Office interns will be asked to answer phones, research legislation, attend
virtual hearings and briefings and draft memos for the Congressman and
legislative staff. As a result, interns will have the opportunity to learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional D.C. office.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention
to detail and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment. We highly
encourage college students and recent graduates to apply. Students in high school
are only eligible to apply for our Summer term. Hawai‘i ties are strongly
preferred, but not required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+, unhoused people, and
members of other marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should apply on the Congressman’s website
at https://kahele.house.gov/services/internships. The deadline for applications is
Friday, November 26 at 5:00pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit their
application early. Applications that are incomplete or submitted after the deadline
will not be considered.

MEM-407-21

The office of Congresswoman Ann Kirkpatrick is currently accepting internship
applications for the Spring of 2022 in our DC and Tucson offices. The internship
will be paid.
Duties include: Greeting visitors, running errands, opening and sorting mail,
leading tours of the Capitol (if tours resume), researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns will also have the
opportunity to assist in various constituent casework cases or work on Districtbased projects of importance. Some of these duties may be altered due to
COVID-19.

Page 5 of 11

Arizona ties are preferred but not required. Women, people of color, and
LGBTQ+ persons are encouraged to apply.
All interested applicants should complete this form via the
following: https://kirkpatrick.house.gov/services/internships/ and submit a onepage resume (required) and one page cover letter (optional) by November 1,
2021.
MEM-406-21

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester is currently seeking energetic and selfmotivated interns for her Washington, DC and Wilmington offices for the Spring
2022 term. This is a paid internship. This is currently a hybrid in-person/remote
position that is subjected to change based on CDC guidelines.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, strong writing skills, a passion for public service, and a good
sense of humor.
Primary responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House of Representatives.
Delaware ties are preferred, but not required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Interested candidates should send a
resume, a cover letter that describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman
Blunt Rochester, and 2 references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov, indicating
the office (DC or Wilmington) and the term you are applying for in the subject
line. For example: “DC Spring 2020 Internship.” Applications are due on
November 30th, 2021

MEM-405-21

Congressman Barry Moore (AL-02) is seeking part-time OR full-time interns for
the Spring 2022 semester in both his Washington, D.C. and District offices.
The internships are based in the Washington, D.C., Andalusia, Wetumpka, and
Dothan, Alabama offices. They are open to college students of all majors and
designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates
with an interest in public service. Hours are flexible to accommodate course
schedules, but generally run from 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, a passion for public service, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Intern responsibilities include answering the phones, drafting constituent letters,
listening to hearings and briefings, assisting the press & leg team, conducting
research, and administrative work as needed. Interns will gain an understanding
of the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Page 6 of 11

To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and class schedule/availability
to Internships.AL02@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring Intern
Application 2022 (Office Location).” Please specify in the email and subject line
which office you are applying for.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. Alabama ties are appreciated,
but not required.
MEM-403-21

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
an intern for winter 2021. This is a hybrid position—hours can be worked in
person and remotely. If the public health situation changes significantly, the
position could transition to in-office full-time.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need and ties to Tennessee’s 9th District. Full-time
availability is preferred. Interns will work for 10-16 weeks (December-April).
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

Page 7 of 11

MEM-398-21

The House Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis Majority Staff seeks
motivated and reliable students to fill remote digital/press intern positions for the
fall and the spring. A public health background is a bonus, but not required.
Selected candidates will be responsible for both press and digital duties. Digital
and press responsibilities include but are not limited to, developing a social media
calendar and crafting daily social media content, clipping videos, designing
graphics, manual photography, editing short videos, monitoring social media,
compiling press clips, editing and compiling media lists, conducting press
research, and performing other press and administrative tasks as necessary,
particularly on hearing days.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, OBS Studio, and
Cision, as well as compiling and interpreting social media analytics. Positions
require attention to detail, strong writing skills, creativity, and a willingness to
learn.
Positions report to the communications director. Candidates of all backgrounds
are encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume and portfolio
to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-391-21

The Washington D.C. office of Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is currently
accepting internship applications for the Fall of 2021. The internship will be
paid.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff. Due to the
ongoing spread of COVID-19, some of these duties may be altered. The ideal
candidate for this internship will be team- and detail-oriented and have strong
written and verbal communication skills.
Washington ties are preferred but not required. Women, people of color, and
LGBTQ+ persons are encouraged to apply.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Libby Otto
at libby.otto@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2021 Internship.”
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. The anticipated start and end
dates will be determined based on individual circumstances.

MEM-382-21

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Ken Buck (CO-04) is currently
accepting internship applications for the Fall of 2021.

Page 8 of 11

Typical duties include answering phones, leading Capitol tours, researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings,
and answering constituent letters on a variety of issues. Due to the ongoing
spread of COVID-19, some of these duties may be significantly altered. The ideal
candidate for this paid internship will be team- and detail-oriented and have
strong written and verbal communication skills.
Students and recent graduates interested in learning more about our country’s
legislative process are encouraged to apply. The Congressman sits on the
Judiciary Committee and the Foreign Affairs Committee, making this an ideal
opportunity for those interested in law and/or foreign policy. Colorado ties are
preferred but by no means required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Allie
Woodward at internships.co04@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2021
Internship.” Please send all attachments as PDFs. Additionally, applicants should
include their availability as a part- or full-time intern (if part-time, please be as
specific as possible).
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. The anticipated start and end
dates will be determined based on individual circumstances.
MEM-381-21

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Government Operations, is seeking an energetic and selfmotivated graduate student for a full-time internship through December 2021.
The position offers the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting
and fast-paced Subcommittee, while participating directly in the oversight
process and learning about the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting staff in preparing for
congressional hearings, writing floor speeches, conducting legal and factual
research, drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive Branch and private sector officials. Interns play a key role in the office
and will work closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Background: The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to
investigate any matter at any time. The Subcommittee on Government Operations
has jurisdiction over issues related to the federal civil service, whistleblower
protections, the U.S. Postal Service; government management and accounting
measures; the economy, efficiency, and management of government operations
and activities; government reorganization; intergovernmental affairs, including
state and local governments; federal information technology security, acquisition
policy, and management; and federal property.
Page 9 of 11

Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service; (ii) a
desire to learn; and (iii) exceptional analytic skills. They also must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills. Applicants must be pursuing an
advanced degree to be eligible for this internship. Applicants should be willing to
work full time.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing their
resume and cover letter in one PDF titled “last name, first name, Internship
GovOps” to Government.Operations@mail.house.gov with “2021 Internship
Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please. Only
applicants who are selected for an interview will receive a response.
MEM-380-21

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the spring internship session. The
start date would be as early as Dec 10 (flexible depending on availability) with a
flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and have access
to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to JeffVanDrewNJ@gmail.com. Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re
applying for a spring internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume],
[Full Name_Cover Letter].

MEM-377-21

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform is
seeking energetic and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time
internships.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly
in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative
operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
Page 10 of 11

drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes.
Law students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff. Background: The Oversight and Reform Committee is the
primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with
jurisdiction to investigate any matter at any time.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the
office full time are preferred.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a
cover letter and resume to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Legal
Internship” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the
file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.

Page 11 of 11

