________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 23, 2021

MEM-333-21

Congressman Dan Meuser (PA-09) seeks applicants for part-time and full-time
paid internships for Fall 2021 in his Washington, D.C. office.
Interns will assist with legislative and administrative tasks by conducting
research, answering phones, leading tours, drafting letters, among other tasks.
Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume
to PA09Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please no drop-ins or phone calls.

MEM-332-21

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic
interns for the fall (September – December).
Our interns work closely with Committee staff to prepare materials for
Committee meetings, process incoming amendments to bills, conduct research
projects, answer phones, learn about the Rules of the House and the special-order
process, and complete a variety of other administrative tasks.
Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work ethic, an interest in
learning about House floor procedures, and are detail-oriented. Applicants must
have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
Page 1 of 9

strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds or with untraditional
experience to apply.
Interested applicants can submit their application online
at https://forms.office.com/g/TV5XdH47vb
MEM-328-21

The office of Congressman Bobby Rush (IL-01) is seeking a full-time or parttime press intern for the upcoming Fall 2021 semester.
This position will be fully remote. The ideal candidate will have strong written
and oral communication skills, familiarity with graphic design including Canva,
and relevant internship experience related to communications, government, or
campaigns. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments,
and a willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
Preference will be given to candidates who have Illinois ties, who have
completed their first two years of college, and who are majoring in fields related
to communications and government. Adobe Premiere skills are a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: compiling press lists, drafting
social media posts, creating graphics, drafting press releases and other
communications materials, researching various policy issues, assisting with
editing videos, and other tasks as needed. Hours are flexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules; generally, a full-time internship would run from
9:00AM to 6:00PM ET.
To apply, please send a resume and writing sample
to naomi.savin@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Press Internship,
NAME” by 6PM ET on Wednesday, August 25th.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-327-21

The House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, Civilian
Security, Migration and International Economic Policy – chaired by
Congressman Albio Sires (D-NJ) – is seeking one full-time intern for Fall 2021.
The legislative intern will work closely with subcommittee staff while learning
the inner workings of Congress and the legislative process. Successful candidates
will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detail-oriented, with strong
writing and communication skills and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced work
environment.
The internship is a U.S. based remote eligible position. Undergraduate or

Page 2 of 9

graduate school students and recent alumni interested in foreign affairs and
Western Hemisphere policy are encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: providing administrative and
research support to staff, assisting with subcommittee hearings and briefings,
attending virtual events and writing memorandum for staff, among other
administrative and research assignments. Spanish, French or Portuguese
proficiency preferred but not required.
Qualified applicants should send a one-page resume and cover letter
to WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Fall 2021 Internship
Application.” Minorities, women, and LGBTQIA+ individuals and those with
disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. Please be sure to include your
preferred start and end date. No calls or drop-ins.
MEM-326-21

Congressman Alexander X. Mooney (WV-02) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Fall of 2021. Qualified applicants should possess
strong communication skills, strong writing skills, and be interested in learning
about the legislative process.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and hearings, writing summary briefs, and conducting
research and additional tasks to assist the staff. West Virginia ties are preferred
but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability
to gop1863interns@gmail.com.
Closing date September 17.

MEM-324-21

The majority staff of the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia, the
Pacific, Central Asia, and Nonproliferation seeks a part-time, paid Asia Policy
Fellow for Fall 2021.
The Fellow will support the subcommittee staff in researching and preparing
materials for subcommittee hearings, preparing for the Chairman’s meetings with
foreign government officials, and other activities.
The Fellow will also assist in developing policy and oversight materials,
including but not limited to oversight letters, speech writing, and resolution
drafting, as needed. Strong writing and communication skills are required, as well
as a familiarity with the Indo-Pacific. A background in U.S. policy toward China,
particularly in economics and supply chain issues, is preferred. Candidates should
be team players, self-starters, and should thrive in a fast-paced environment.

Page 3 of 9

The position begins in September or October 2021, with a possible duration of up
to four months. The subcommittee seeks candidates who can commit to working
a minimum of two full-time days per week. The positions is compensated through
a weekly stipend. The subcommittee is an equal opportunity employer.
The office does not discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color,
religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic
information, disability, or uniformed service. The office is committed to inclusion
and encourages all individuals from all backgrounds to apply.
To apply please send a cover letter, resume, and a 2-4 page writing sample
to APCANBera.Applications@gmail.com.
MEM-323-21

The Office of Congresswoman Miller-Meeks (IA-02) is seeking a full OR part
time intern for Fall 2021. Responsibilities include aiding in constituent
services(e.g. drafting letters and answering phone calls), researching legislation,
attending hearings and lecture series, and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol.
This opportunity is open to college students who are at least 18 years of age.
Applicants should have a strong interest in U.S. politics, a desire to serve the
public, excellent customer service skills, and a positive attitude.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to Tara.Pinette@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Fall 2021 Internship.

MEM-321-21

Representative Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is seeking paid full-time and part-time
interns for his congressional office in Washington D.C. for the fall of 2021.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phones, writing constituent's letters,
researching legislation, attending hearings and briefings, and giving Capitol
Tours if the Capitol re-opens to visitors during the internship. As a result, interns
will learn about the legislative process and the various functions of a
congressional office.
The office hours are 9:00 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday through Friday. Applicants
should be at least 18 years of age before the start of their internship and must be a
U.S. Citizen or living in the U.S. legally. Applicants may submit their resumes
to AR04internship@gmail.com.
Email to send resume (and other items if requested) to:
AR04internship@gmail.com

MEM-316-21

The Office of Congresswoman Julia Brownley (CA-26) is seeking a virtual press
intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation based in her
Washington, D.C. office.

Page 4 of 9

Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing, event planning, social
media, graphic design, and photography skills, and be able to work on tight
deadlines. Intern responsibilities include:
•Social media content development
•Compiling press clips
•Creating newsletters
•Clipping videos
•Creating graphics
•Drafting press releases
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, 13 sample graphics, and dates of availability
to carina.armenta@mail.house.gov with “Press Intern: Last Name, First Name” in
the subject line.
This position offers a monthly stipend. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-313-21

Press Fellow -- Congresswoman Judy Chu (CA-27), Chair of the Congressional
Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC), is seeking a highly motivated, detailorientated, and energetic individual to assist with communications, digital media
and social media, and graphic design as a press fellow in the D.C. office. This is a
four-month paid position that reports to the Communications Director.
Daily tasks include drafting and posting content for the member’s social media
platforms and website; graphic design; daily press clips; drafting press releases,
newsletters, and advisories; and organizing press events.
The ideal candidate will be creative, politically astute, have a strong proficiency
in crafting social media content across social media platforms, and will be a
detail-oriented team player able to handle multiple tasks at once.
Excellent writing and strong organizational skills are essential, along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, one writing sample,
and one example of previous digital media or graphic design products
to Ben.Suarato@mail.house.gov with “Press Fellow” in the subject line. No
phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.

Page 5 of 9

MEM-308-21

Congressman Nadler is seeking paid undergraduate student interns for the Fall
2021 semester in both his New York City district office and his Washington, D.C.
office.
Applicants should be interested in learning the daily, detailed operations of a
congressional office: responding to constituent problems and concerns, writing
letters, drafting policy memos, working with community organizations and other
government agencies to resolve problems, and performing general office tasks.
Excellent communication skills are important.
Interns must be able to commit to at least 20 hours per week and should have
completed their first year of college.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample
to NY10.Internship@mail.house.gov. In your cover letter, please note your
availability on each day of the week, and in the subject line of your email,
indicate whether you are applying for an internship in the D.C. office or NY
district office.
Congressman Nadler’s office strives to ensure that our internship class reflects
the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds
are strongly encouraged to apply. Congressman Nadler’s office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
Due to the large volume of applicants we receive, only those applicants who are
offered interviews will be contacted.

MEM-307-21

The House Judiciary Committee Democratic staff are looking for interns for the
spring semester. The House Committee on the Judiciary’s staff internship
program offers undergraduate students, law students, graduate students, and
recent graduates an opportunity to experience the operation of a congressional
committee firsthand and learn about the important role that our Committee plays
in the legislative process.
The Judiciary Committee has jurisdiction over a wide range of legislative and
oversight issues, including oversight of the U.S. Department of Justice,
constitutional law, federal criminal law, voting rights, immigration and
naturalization, intellectual property law, and antitrust law. Stipends will be
available to spring interns.
Intern assignments will vary depending on the work of the Judiciary Committee
each semester.

Page 6 of 9

Examples of potential responsibilities include:
•Researching policy issues under the committee’s jurisdiction
•Conducting legal research
•Attending briefings and hearings on the Hill
•Drafting memos
•Supporting committee counsels
•Supporting committee clerks and professional staff members
•Providing administrative support, including answering calls, delivering
correspondence, and setting up the hearing room.
The Committee strives to ensure that our internship class reflects the diversity of
the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
The deadline to apply for the spring semester is October 1, 2021. This internship
is based in Washington, DC. To learn more and apply, please
visit judiciary.house.gov/about/internship-opportunities.htm
MEM-286-21

Congressman Richard Hudson’s (NC-08) D.C. Office is seeking part-time or fulltime interns for the upcoming Fall 2021 Semester.
This internship is based in the Washington, D.C. office and is open to college
students of all majors and designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as
well as recent graduates with an interest in public service. Hours are flexible to
accommodate students’ course schedules, but generally run 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, a passion for public service, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Intern responsibilities include answering phones, answering constituent letters,
attending hearings and briefings, drafting social media campaigns, assisting with
press briefings, conducting research, and administrative work as needed. Interns
will gain an understanding of the legislative process and the many other functions
of a congressional office.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and application, found
on Hudson.House.Gov, to kaitlin@mcniffe@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Fall Intern Application 2021.”
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. North Carolina ties are
appreciated, but not required.

Page 7 of 9

MEM-284-21

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Fall 2021 in Washington, D.C.
Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings,
answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various
other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required.
Internships with the office are paid and receive metro benefits. No phone calls,
follow ups or drop ins, please. Please email FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov,
with your resume, cover letter & a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF.

MEM-283-21

TITLE: Congressional Intern
REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•excellent oral and written communication skills;
•high level of attention to detail
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Fall 2021 in
Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with
various duties.

Page 8 of 9

Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones, conducting Capitol
tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative
research and analysis. We are looking for responsible individuals that are
dependable, organized, and willing to learn. Internships are open to
undergraduate students and college graduates. Washington state ties are
encouraged but not required.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to: jack.pickett@mail.house.gov
MEM-263-21

The office of Congressman Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking candidates for fulltime Fall internships in our Washington, DC and Albany offices.
Interns will work with legislative and casework staff to learn about all operations
of a congressional office. We look for applicants who possess strong oral and
written communication skills and who are passionate about public service, eager
to learn, and detail oriented. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities may include:
- Answering phones
- Writing letters to constituents on a variety of policy topics
- Assisting constituents with matters related to federal agencies
- Researching legislation for the Member and staff
- Collecting daily press clips and drafting social media posts
- Attending hearings and briefings
To apply for an internship in my Washington, D.C. office, please email a cover
letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to Miranda
Miller at Miranda.Miller@mail.house.gov.
To apply for an internship in my Albany office, please email a cover letter,
resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to Nadja Pope
at Nadja.Pope@mail.house.gov

Page 9 of 9

