________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 5, 2018

MEM-401-18

California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time
interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified
candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office,
intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give
tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication,
research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and
briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid, but the office will
provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their
respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and
cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.

MEM-400-18

The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking fulltime interns for Spring of 2019 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates
would be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and
communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent
correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are
unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants.
The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well
Page 1 of 15

as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be
willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more
about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
wi06resumes@gmail.com.
MEM-399-18

The Office of Congressman Elijah E. Cummings (MD-07) seeks dedicated,
detail-oriented, and energetic undergraduate students for his internship program
in his Washington, DC office. Applicants are to possess strong interpersonal
skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, strong writing skills, and a solid work
ethic. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: answering phones, assisting
with greeting constituents and visitors, supporting legislative staff with research,
attending congressional briefings and hearings, drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as necessary. Full-time
and part-time internship positions are available beginning in January 2019. To
apply, please visit https://cummings.house.gov/services/internships . In order to
be considered for the positions, you must thoroughly submit the application
located on this page.

MEM-398-18

The Office of Congressman Elijah E. Cummings (MD-07) seeks a dedicated,
detail-oriented, and energetic law student to be a fellow in his Washington, D.C.
office. Applicants are to possess strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, advanced writing skills, superb research abilities and demonstrate
a solid work ethic. Applicants must also be enrolled in good standing at an
accredited law school.
Reporting directly to the Legislative Director, responsibilities include but are not
limited to: supporting the Legislative Director and Counsels with legislative and
legal research, assisting in developing legislation, attending congressional
briefings and hearings, participating in meeting preparation, composing memos
and letters, and other administrative duties as assigned.
This full time or part-time position is available beginning in January 2019. To
apply, please visit https://cummings.house.gov/services/internships
Please thoroughly complete the application and submit that information for
consideration. In order to be considered for the position, you must thoroughly
submit the application located on this page.

MEM-397-18

Chicago based Democrat Mike Quigley (IL-05) is seeking interns for the spring
semester in his Washington, DC office. Candidates should possess an interest in
the legislative process, excellent writing and communication skills, and a desire
to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative team to conduct
research, draft letters and policy memos. Responsibilities also include answering
phone calls, drafting constituent correspondence, leading tours of the U.S.

Page 2 of 15

Capitol, and related administrative work. Interns will have the opportunity to
attend briefings, hearings, and other legislative events.
Individuals with Chicago ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified
candidates should email their cover letters and resumes to
Isabella.Spinozzi@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Internship Application.”
Although our application process is rolling, please be advised that preference will
be given to those who submit their applications by November 16th.
MEM-396-18

The office of Congressman Emanuel Cleaver, II (D-MO) is looking for
congressional interns to join our team for the Spring 2019 semester. This is a
unique opportunity to gain firsthand experience on what it takes to operate a
congressional office. Interns will have access to special events, briefings, and
hearings that cover a variety of issues taking place domestically and globally.
Interns will work alongside our congressional team assisting with a number of
projects that may include research, compiling news clips, guiding tours of the
Capitol, drafting reports to be presented to the Congressman, and additional
administrative tasks. Successful candidates will have an interest in politics,
communications, new media, and should be excellent writers.
Interested applicants should email their resume, cover letter and two writing
samples to Herline.Mathieu3@mail.house.gov
Please include (Cleaver Internship Spring 2019) in the subject line.

MEM-395-18

The Office of Congressman Tom Suozzi (NY-03) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office for the Spring of 2019.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Interns will get to work in a fast-paced environment and learn how a
Congressional office operates. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
answering phones, conducting legislative research, attending briefings/hearings,
leading Capitol tours, assisting with constituent relations, and managing the front
office. The internship gives students the opportunity to interact directly with the
inner workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process. Internships are unpaid,
and New York ties are preferred but not required. Please send your resume and
cover letter to michael.christesen@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application”
in the subject line.

MEM-393-18

Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Spring 2019 term from January to
May. Intern responsibilities include greeting guests in the front office, opening
and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with
administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative
research as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, Congressional hearings, and
press events. Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic,
attention to detail, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Those
Page 3 of 15

interested should send a resume and cover letter to
marshall.stallings@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis,
with an application deadline of mid-December. The position is unpaid and is
open to current college students or recent graduates. Internship time frame and
hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate class / work schedules.
State ties preferred but not required.
MEM-392-18

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess
strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending
Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones,
sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research. Although all internships
are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students to receive college credit.
Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to hannah.cooke@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-391-18

The Office of Congressman Roger Williams (TX-25) is currently seeking
candidates for an unpaid internship for the 2019 Spring semester in our
Washington D.C. office. Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable,
and hold strong communication skills. Primary responsibilities include answering
phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, assisting the
legislative staff, attending Congressional hearings, and completing legislative
projects in a timely manner. Successful candidates will be personable, flexible,
detail-oriented, willing to learn, and proactive. Interns will have the opportunity
to learn more about the legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional
office. Texas ties are preferred but not required. Interested applicants should
email a resume with the subject line “Spring 2019 Congressional Internship” to
Katie Crane at Katie.Crane@mail.house.gov.

MEM-390-18

Congressman Scott DesJarlais (TN-04)—unpaid; full time internship
The DC office of Congressman DesJarlais is looking for Spring interns, JanuaryMay.
The responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer phones, conduct
Capitol tours, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process
and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday.

Page 4 of 15

Interested candidates should e-mail an updated resume and cover letter to
MeKenna.Carman@mail.house.gov
MEM-389-18

The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
seeks college-students wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced
office for a full-time internship. Successful candidates will be professional,
detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary responsibilities include
office tasks such as answering phones and handling mail as well as assisting with
Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist with investigative
research or other projects as needed. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.
To apply please submit your cover letter, resume and a 2-3 page writing sample
through this online form https://democrats-oversight.house.gov/about/internshipsand-fellowships The Committee is currently seeking applicants for the Spring
term. Please enclose in the application potential start and end dates.

MEM-387-18

California Congressman Jared Huffman is seeking current college students or
recent college graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for a full-time or
part-time Spring semester internship. We are seeking motivated, organized, and
reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-today duties. Such duties include attending briefings and hearings, answering
phones, drafting constituent correspondence letters, doing legislative research,
and various other tasks. The internship is unpaid, though interns will gain
valuable Hill and office experience and will have access to many unique Hill
opportunities. California ties are preferred, but not necessary.
Please send a resume and cover letter to DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov.
Please no drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.

MEM-386-18

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergraduate and recent graduate student legislative interns for the
Winter/Spring 2019 program (January through May/June).
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well
as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Ideal candidates are organized and committed students (and/or recent graduates)
eager to join a fast-paced environment and build upon their knowledge of how
Page 5 of 15

Congress works. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail,
and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but parttime candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Although internships are unpaid, applicants may request the Committee’s
assistance in receiving credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (no longer than two pages) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In
the subject line, please indicate the program session for which you are applying
(e.g. [Winter/Spring 2019] Legislative Intern Application):
*In your cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling
purposes. *
MEM-385-18

The Office of Congressman Daniel Lipinski (D-IL-03) is currently seeking both
full and part time spring interns for the new 116th Congress in the Washington
D.C. office. As a new Congress should provide a number of opportunities,
prospective interns should have a love for politics and the legislative process, a
desire to learn, and a willingness to work hard in this fast-paced office.
Day to day intern responsibilities include: drafting constituent correspondence,
leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, working with legislative staff on policy issue
research, attending briefings and hearings, and answering phones. Interns will
work closely with legislative staff and will be given all the tools necessary to
learn to become a congressional staffer by the end of the internship.
Applications can be submitted via the email link at
https://lipinski.house.gov/internships/. Applications are due November 15th and
will be accepted on a rolling basis. They should include: your name, contact
information, university, year of graduation, dates you are available, and an
attached resume and cover letter. Third District of Illinois ties are preferred.
Please no drop ins.

MEM-384-18

“West Coast Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional
organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in their
Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent
constituent service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting
constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls
and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general
office administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and
work well in a team environment. Candidates should be available to start ASAP.
Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to
westcoastgopinternship@gmail.com.”
Page 6 of 15

MEM-383-18

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking legislative interns for the
Spring Semester. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience
in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or
all of the following: writing, editing, and event support.
Intern duties will include assisting with administrative and legislative tasks,
answering phones, processing mail, providing capitol tours, and attending
briefings. Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate
New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page
writing sample, and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with
“Spring Internship” in the subject field.

MEM-382-18

The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for spring 2019 Interns. We are seeking dependable, politically
conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and strong
work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional
and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is November 16 and these
materials should be in PDF format. Please visit budget.house.gov for the
application and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will
not be considered. Paid internships are available to any student working full time
and not receiving course credit.

MEM-381-18

The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for January 2019 Interns. We are seeking dependable, politically
conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and strong
work ethic. The dates for this internship will be from January 2 – January 31. It
will be a great opportunity for those who want to experience the transition into
the 116th Congress. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital
support by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to:
compiling daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone
calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy
based projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students
pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in
government are encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through
your school. Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1
professional and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed
Page 7 of 15

application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is
November 16 and these materials should be in PDF format. Please visit
budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and incomplete
application packets will not be considered. Paid internships are available to any
student working full time and not receiving course credit.
MEM-378-18

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01), a Senior Member of the Energy and
Commerce Committee, seeks undergraduate or graduate students for full-time or
part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, D.C. office. Duties include, but
are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting
constituent correspondence, and providing research assistance to the legislative
staff. Qualified candidates will have strong communication skills and an interest
in the legislative process. Colorado ties are preferred but not required. The ideal
candidate will be able to intern at least two full days per week. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
DeGette.Internships@mail.house.gov

MEM-378-18

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) is seeking interns for his Washington office
in the spring. Spanish skills and Texas connection a plus. Send resume, brief
writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use the
subject line: Spring Internship Application. No drop-ins please.

MEM-377-18

The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for
unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Fall 2018. The internship will offer
students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative
process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors,
sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading
tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our
internship program begins in August until the end of December. First priority will
be given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter, a
short writing sample (1-2 pages) and work availability with the subject line “D.C
Fall 2018 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus but are
not required.

MEM-376-18

The Office of Congressman David Price is currently accepting applications for
our Spring internship program running from January 2019 through May 2019.
This position requires greeting guests and constituents, answering phone calls,
leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent correspondence
letters, writing legislative memos, and assisting in general day to day activities.
While unpaid, this position ensures a wonderful work environment and will
Page 8 of 15

strengthen your understanding of Congress and Washington. The internship
program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of major. Qualified
candidates will be hard working, possess strong written and oral skills, and have
the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested candidates should
submit their application here: https://price.house.gov/kids-students/internships
Should you have any questions, please reach out to our office via email at
nc04.intern@mail.house.gov

MEM-374-18

The Office of Congressman Kurt Schrader (D-OR) Winter and Spring 2019
Internship
The responsibilities of a congressional intern primarily focus on helping the
Congressman communicate with his 700,000-plus constituents by phone, letter,
and email; leading visiting constituents on tours of the historic US Capitol
building; as well as taking on any other assignments given by staffers based on
the interests/abilities of the individual intern. The position requires patience,
intellect, and exceptional people skills.
Congressman Kurt Schrader is a Democratic Representative elected to the US
House of Representatives in 2008. The Congressman is a veterinarian and farmer
who lives owns a farm in Canby, Oregon. Congressman Schrader currently serves
as a member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce (E&C), which
oversees a wide portfolio of issues ranging from health care to the environment.
In addition to his Washington, DC office staff, who deal principally with
legislative issues, the Congressman has two additional offices and staffs in Salem
and Oregon City, Oregon, who handle the fifth district’s casework.
Candidates should possess excellent communication skills both verbal and
written, an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress, and
have a familiarity with the fifth congressional district of Oregon.
Start date: January 7 (Flexible)
End Date: May 31 (Flexible)
If you are interested, please email a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
adrian.ballinger@mail.house.gov

MEM-373-18

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
Legislative Interns in our Washington, D.C. office to start in January or
February. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while
gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include
drafting constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee
Page 9 of 15

hearings, performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading
Capitol tours, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! Candidates
of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please submit a form on
our website at: https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressionalinternship-application or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2019 Pocan Winter/Spring Internship” in
the subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-372-18

Winter/Spring/Summer 2019 Internship in the Office of Congressman Ben
Ray Luján
Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time interns for his
Washington, DC office. Candidates should be enthusiastic, flexible, detailoriented, and available for 2-3 months. New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not
required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, guiding tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff with
projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should possess strong oral and written
communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a
good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico ties are strongly encouraged
to apply. Please email your desired availability and earliest possible start date to
NM03@mail.house.gov, with your application materials (resume, cover letter,
and a 1-2 page writing sample) attached as a single PDF and with “Internship
Application: [Your Name]” in the subject field.

MEM-370-18

The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for spring 2019 Interns. We are seeking dependable, politically
conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and strong
work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional
and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is November 16 and these
materials should be in PDF format. Please visit budget.house.gov for the
application and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will
Page 10 of 15

not be considered. Paid internships are available to any student working full time
and not receiving course credit.
MEM-369-18

The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for January 2019 Interns. The dates for this internship will be from
January 2 – January 31. It will be a great opportunity for those who want to
experience the transition into the 116th Congress. We are seeking dependable,
politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and
strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital
support by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to:
compiling daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone
calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy
based projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students
pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in
government are encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through
your school. Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1
professional and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed
application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is
November 16 and these materials should be in PDF format. Please visit
budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and incomplete
application packets will not be considered. Paid internships are available to any
student working full time and not receiving course credit.

MEM-367-18

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for an internship in Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with
research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as
necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning in January,
2019. To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to
Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter.

MEM-366-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Steve Russell (OK-5) is seeking
candidates for full-time internships for Spring 2019. Interns will observe the
inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of
Page 11 of 15

the legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours,
answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and
hearings, and working on special projects. Oklahoma ties are preferred, but not
required. Please send your resume and cover letter to
OK05.Internships@mail.house.gov, with "Internship Application" in the subject
line.
MEM-365-18

The office of a Republican Congresswoman is currently seeking highly motivated
full or part-time interns for the Spring 2019 semester. Intern duties include
performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing mail, answering
telephones, attending hearings and briefings, entering data into Intranet Quorum,
conducting tours of the Capitol, processing flag requests, and any other office
tasks. Ideal candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written
communication skills. College credit is available if necessary. Preference will be
given to New York natives; however, all are encouraged to apply. Interested
applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
Kathy.Vences@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-363-18

January 2019 Internship
The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for January 2019 Interns. The dates for this internship will be from
January 2 – January 31. It will be a great opportunity for those who want to
experience the transition into the 116th Congress. We are seeking dependable,
politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and
strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital
support by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to:
compiling daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone
calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy
based projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students
pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in
government are encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through
your school. Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1
professional and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed
application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is
November 16 and these materials should be in PDF format. Please visit
budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and incomplete
application packets will not be considered. Paid internships are available to any
student working full time and not receiving course credit.

MEM-362-18

Spring 2019 Internship
The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for spring 2019 Interns. We are seeking dependable, politically
Page 12 of 15

conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and strong
work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional
and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is November 16 and these
materials should be in PDF format. Please visit budget.house.gov for the
application and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will
not be considered. Paid internships are available to any student working full time
and not receiving course credit.

MEM-359-18

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently
seeking undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for the Spring of 2019.
Specifically, we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal
interns and fellows for the education policy team and graduate and legal interns
and fellows for the labor policy team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that
support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include,
but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing
including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup
preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and
meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft
legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and
staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily
news clips. Applicants should be able to start in January and commit through
April/May. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and
internship applicant information form to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. If you
are applying for a graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short,
relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
Applicants should aim to submit their materials by November 2, 2018.

Page 13 of 15

MEM-316-18

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office in August. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter
and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 14 of 15

Page 15 of 15

