________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 11, 2017

MEM-488-17

New Jersey Democrat seeking interns for the spring semester (Jan through May
2018).
Qualified candidates will be organized, motivated self-starters, with strong
communication and writing skills. Day-to-day duties include assisting with front
office operations which includes greeting visitors, opening and sorting mail,
answering phones, and conducting Capitol tours. Interns will also attend hearings
and briefings and conduct research for staff. This internship is unpaid. Please
send cover letter, resume, and a one page writing sample
to: nj08jobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-487-17

The office of Congressman Brad Wenstrup (R-OH) is currently seeking
conservative, highly motivated, and organized applicants for a full or part-time
unpaid internship for a start date beginning (date Jan-May), with flexible start
and end dates.
Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Page 1 of 9

Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not
required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or
school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover
letter to oh02interns@gmail.com with "2018 Spring Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
MEM-486-17

Virginia Republican Congressman is seeking interns for their Washington, D.C.
office for the spring and summer of 2017. Responsibilities will vary, but
candidates will be expected to answer phones, batch incoming correspondence,
draft constituent correspondence, run errands, research legislation, take
constituents on tours of the Capitol, attend legislative briefings and professional
development courses. All internships are unpaid, work hours are Monday-Friday
9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. for full-time interns, hours may vary to accommodate fulltime students. All interns will be expected to complete anti-sexual harassment
training.
Interested applications will be currently enrolled college students and/or recent
college graduates with Virginia ties. Please send a cover letter in the body of an
email; a resume, and 1-2 writing samples (no longer than 3 pages) and at least 2
academic or professional references in .pdf format
to VirginiaHouseIntern@Gmail.com.

MEM-484-17

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Patrick McHenry (NC-10) is
seeking applicants for a full-time internship starting in January. The individual
should be able to multi-task and be prepared to work in a fast-paced office. Some
responsibilities include answering phones, attending briefing, guiding tours of the
Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence and mail, and working on
various projects for the staff. North Carolina ties are encouraged, but not
required. In order to apply, please send NC10interns@gmail.com a resume and
cover letter with “Intern Application” in the subject line.

MEM-482-17

The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (NJ-01) is seeking qualified interns
for our Washington, D.C. Office this Spring 2018.
Responsibilities include:
• Compiling research on targeted issues and assisting with staff-led
projects.
• Leading staff-guided tours of the Capitol building for constituents.
• Interns will be trained in the responsibilities of all levels of government so
that they may best aid constituents.
• Participate in events in the along with staff.
• Answering phones and responding to constituent requests.
• Work schedules generally run 9:00am to 5:00pm; however hours are
flexible to accommodate students’ courses or work schedules.

Page 2 of 9

•

It is expected for interns to complete 30-40 hours weekly over the course
of the semester. However, we are willing to except part-time interns based
on space, availability and schedule.
Qualifications:
• Prospective applications should be highly motivated self-starters, eager to
learn about the work of a United States Congressman and the mechanisms
of the federal government. We are looking for individuals with an
excellent work ethic, ability to work with constituents and most
importantly, a willingness to learn. New Jersey ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter and short writing sample
to shallum.atkinson@mail.house.gov.
MEM-480-17

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the winter/spring semester of 2018. Interns
will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will
have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence,
as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press
events. Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening
and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative
tasks. This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant
attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to
work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov
<mailto:Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov> with cover letter and
resume. Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted
for consideration.

MEM-477-17

Congressman Barton’s D.C. office is seeking full-time interns for the spring of
2018. While this position is unpaid, your time here will strengthen your
understanding of the legislative process and give you invaluable experience of the
operations necessary to be an effective member of a Congressional team. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, phone assistance, conducting tours
of the U.S. Capitol, researching federal legislation and assisting legislative staff
in various research projects. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend
legislative briefings, congressional hearings and receptions on Capitol Hill.
Candidates with a strong work ethic and great communication skills are
encouraged to apply. Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral
and written communication skills, be able to accomplish a variety of tasks and
Page 3 of 9

pitch in where needed, and be responsible, dependable and eager to learn. Ties to
Texas are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their
resume and cover letter to caroline.waller@mail.house.gov.
MEM-475-17

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan (PA-7), a
Republican Member of the Ways & Means Committee, is currently accepting
intern applications for Spring 2018. Intern responsibilities include researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings,
answering phones, day to day office duties, and answering constituent messages
on various issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session. Ties to
Pennsylvania are preferred but not required. Please note, this internship is unpaid
but we will work with candidates seeking course credit for their work.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and brief (3-page
maximum) writing sample. The cover letter should detail why you would like to
intern with Congressman Meehan's Office. Application materials should be sent
to clay.bryan@mail.house.gov with "Meehan DC Internship" in the subject line.
No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-472-17

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Raúl Labrador (ID-01) is seeking
full-time, paid interns to begin in January 2018. Congressman Labrador’s office
is looking for highly motivated, capable interns to assist his staff.
Successful applicants should possess conservative values and hold strong written
and verbal communication skills. Position duties include but are not limited to:
arranging/leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering the main office phone line,
drafting constituent correspondence, and assisting legislative staff with research
and committee materials.
Most importantly, a congressional internship is a great experience for college
students with a passion for public service and the legislative process. Internships
will teach students the inner workings of Congress and constituent services. They
will provide opportunities for students to improve their writing, legislative
research, and communication and interpersonal skills. Recent graduates are also
welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter summarizing their interest in working for Congressman Labrador to
Labrador.Internship@mail.house.gov Idaho ties are preferred, but not required.
Please use “(Your Name) - Labrador Internship Spring 2018” in the subject line.

Page 4 of 9

MEM-470-17

The office of Congresswoman Terri A. Sewell (D-AL) is seeking a full time
Press and Digital Intern to start in January of 2018 and stay with the office
through May.
Internship Description:
• Learn how to write emails and campaign actions that you’ll send to over
100,000 constituents
• Design and curate content for social media and connect with our local and
national audience
• Work side-by-side with our Press Secretary, learning the ropes of digital
content production and press outreach
• Assist in traditional media outreach to newspapers, television and other
media outlets
• Analyze the results of your work and report on successes and failures
Qualifications:
• Passion for working to address issues of voting rights, health care,
education, and job growth
• Writing experience; ability to communicate message in concise and
compelling manner
• Understanding of what makes online content both shareable and
persuasive, including blogs and social media
• Interest in graphic design/infographic design
• Some experience with photography, and in HTML, Microsoft Word, and
Excel
To Apply:
Send your resume and cover letter to Sewell.Press@mail.house.gov

MEM-469-17

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for Winter 2018. We are seeking motivated,
organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff
with day-to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering
phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Florida ties
are encouraged but not required. Please send resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample to FL13Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-468-17

Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D) is currently hiring spring interns for his
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include answering phones, sorting
mail and faxes, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and providing general office support as needed. Intern
candidates should be current or recent college students, regardless of major but

Page 5 of 9

with an interest in Congress and the legislative process. Full time availability is
preferred, but part-time candidates are encouraged to apply as well.
To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to
LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. Please include any Iowa connections in
the body of the email. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-467-17

California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time
interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified
candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office,
intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give
tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication,
research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and
briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid but the office will
provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their
respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and
cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.

MEM-465-17

The office of Congressman Buchanan is seeking full time interns for an
immediate start.
Job Description
Our internship program offers interns a chance to learn and work on the hill and
see how the highest levels of government work. Being the office of a senior
member of the House Ways and Means Committee, interns will have exposure to
healthcare, tax, and trade issues. Interns will assist staff with legislative projects,
attend briefings and hearings, and assist with maintaining data bases. Interns will
also work on a policy proposal under the guidance of staff and will present their
policy proposal at the end of their internship.
Interns will also have the chance to attend briefings independently and on the
behalf of staff. At the end of the internship, interns will have a firm understanding
of how Capitol Hill works, a bespoke policy proposal, and full understanding of
how the legislative process works.
Required Skills
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn
Application instructions
Please email your resume and available start date to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.

Page 6 of 9

MEM-464-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is
seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming spring
semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and
communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases,
answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability
to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political
process and congressional affairs. Candidates with an interest in issues associated
with the Congressman’s membership on the House Foreign Affairs Committee or
House Budget Committee are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume, cover
letter and dates of availability to Perry.Goffner@mail.house.gov with “Name Internship Application” in the subject line.

MEM-462-17

The Office of Representative Ro Khanna (CA-17) is seeking qualified candidates
to intern in the Washington, D.C. office from early January through late April to
early May of 2018. Although internships are unpaid, students gain invaluable
work experience on Capitol Hill. The hours can be flexible to accommodate
students' evening schedules but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Interns are
expected to be in the office at least 35 hours per week.
Interns’ responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run
errands, draft content for the communications team, research legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer
constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to California are preferred, but not
required.
To apply to intern in the DC office, please send your resume, a short writing
sample, and your dates and times of availability to
ca17dcinterns.resumes@mail.house.gov. Due to the high volume of applicants, a
response is not guaranteed. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-461-17

Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) seeks conservative and diligent interns for
the spring semester. Duties including helping to draft constituent
correspondence, welcoming constituents, leading Capitol tours, assisting with
research, and aiding legislative staff. This unpaid internship would last
from January to May, and is a challenging and meaningful introduction to the

Page 7 of 9

legislative process. To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to
KS04DC.InternshipApplication@mail.house.gov.
MEM-460-17

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) has immediate openings for unpaid fulltime and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be
motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability,
and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a
plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter –
including desired start date, and a 1-2-page writing sample to
Lujan.Tours@mail.house.gov.

MEM-459-17

Congressman Sean P. Duffy is looking for Winter/Spring interns! We are
looking for energetic and driven individuals who are eager to learn. Congressman
Duffy represents Wisconsin’s 7th Congressional District and serves on the House
Financial Services Committee as the Chairman of the House Financial Services
Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance. The internship program is a very
hands-on program where our goal is to make you feel like you are a part of the
team and not just an intern whose sole responsibility is to answer phones. The
main mission of the program is placement. Our hope is that after our interns leave
the program they are prepared to step right into a Staff Assistant or maybe even a
Legislative Correspondent position on Capitol Hill. If you are a student or recent
graduate and think you would benefit from this opportunity please email your
resume and cover letter to Wisc.internship@gmail.com. Ties to Wisconsin are not
required but preferred.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•
•

Legislative Research
Writing constituent correspondence
Administrative Duties
Tours of the U.S. Capitol

QUALIFICATIONS:
•
•
•

Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Track record of responsibility
Exemplifies great customer service

Page 8 of 9

MEM-457-17

The Office of Congressman Tim Walz (MN-01) is currently seeking motivated,
organized, and reliable full or part time interns for the Spring 2018 semester in
Washington DC. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, greeting
visitors, answering phones, conducting US Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail,
drafting letters to constituents, attending briefings, conducting legislative research
and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Ideal candidates will have
excellent written and oral communication skills, experience working in a
professional setting, ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and enthusiasm
for the political process and congressional operations. Minnesota ties are a plus,
but not required. Interested applicants should send a résumé, cover letter, and a
brief writing sample to Kate Rohr at Kate.Rohr@mail.house.gov with “Spring
Internship” in the subject line. Minorities and women are encouraged to apply.

MEM-456-17

Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is currently seeking interns for the Winter
term for his Washington D.C. office. Candidates must be self-starters, detail
oriented, have excellent writing and communication skills, and be able to multitask. The internship involves researching legislative issues, assisting with
incoming mail, attending lectures and hearings, giving Capitol tours, working
with legislative staff on special projects and assisting with other general office
duties. Please note that this is an unpaid internship, if you are seeking college
credit our office would be happy to assist in that. California ties a plus, but not
necessary. Please email your cover letter and resume to
kathleen.devlin@mail.house.gov with Winter Internship in the subject line.

MEM-455-17

Conservative Midwestern Member of Congress seeking a part/full time Intern.
Duties include, but aren’t limited to, performing administrative tasks, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
writing and research. Preferred start date is January 3, 2017 and end date is
negotiable. Interested applicants should submit their resume and a writing
sample to IA01resumes@mail.house.gov..

MEM-454-17

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a press intern
for Spring 2017. Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and
written communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about press
operations, the political process, and congressional affairs. The intern will assist
in the day-to-day operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting
congressional staff with press clips and constituent communication. The intern
will also help to draft press releases, prep memos, and social media posts, in
addition to assisting with legislative research and administrative
activities. Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this
internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, writing sample,
and cover letter to Lauren Mcilvaine, Lauren.Mcilvaine@mail.house.gov. No
calls or walk-ins please.

Page 9 of 9

