________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 5, 2019

MEM-372-19

The Office of Congressman Ted Yoho (FL-3) is currently seeking candidates for
an unpaid internship for the 2019 Fall semester in our Washington D.C. office.
Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable, and hold strong
communication skills. Primary responsibilities include answering phones,
corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, assisting the
legislative staff, attending Congressional hearings, and completing legislative
projects in a timely manner.
Successful candidates will be personable, flexible, detail-oriented, willing to
learn, and proactive. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the
legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. Florida ties are
preferred but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover
letter with the subject line “Fall 2019 Congressional Internship” to Alejandro
Puga at Alejandro.Puga@mail.house.gov
Congressman Yoho sits on the Foreign Affairs Committee and Agriculture
Committee.

Page 1 of 21

MEM-371-19

Congressman Dan Meuser (PA-09) seeks applicants for part-time and full-time
internships for Fall 2019 in his Washington, D.C. office. Interns will assist with
legislative and administrative tasks by conducting research, answering phones,
leading tours, drafting letters, among other tasks. Pennsylvania ties are preferred
but not required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
PA09Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please no drop-ins or phone calls.

MEM-369-19

Position: Legislative Intern
Description: Southern Republican seeks a highly motivated individual to serve as
a paid legislative intern in the Washington, D.C. office.
Requirements: This position requires an individual with excellent communication
and writing skills.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting constituents and
meetings, tours and other information,
answering telephone calls and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the
front office, and general office administrative duties. The successful candidate
must be courteous and work well in a team environment.
Office: Ted Budd (NC-13)
Contact: sam.shumate@mail.house.gov

MEM-368-19

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for
full-time interns for the Fall 2019 semester. Interns will be responsible for
providing staff members with policy and administrative support. Duties may
include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff briefings,
performing legislative and policy research, drafting memoranda and other written
materials, and a variety of other tasks. Candidates should be team-oriented,
resourceful, upbeat people who have skills beyond research and require little
supervision.
This internship is open to undergraduates (rising seniors and above), recent
graduates, and Master’s and law students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ
persons are strongly encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is
unpaid.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page
resume and cover letter to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “Fall 2019
Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.

MEM-366-19

Congressman Tom Malinowski (NJ-07) seeks a Communications and Digital
Media Fellow. Responsibilities include drafting press releases and speeches;
crafting social media posts; maintaining website and digital platforms; designing
Page 2 of 21

graphics, and compiling daily press clips. Candidates must have strong written
and verbal communication skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
professionalism, and a good sense of humor.
Ideal candidate would be a graduate student or recent graduate with a background
in communications, journalism, public relations, public affairs or political
science.
This position offers a stipend of $500 per month and provides a unique
opportunity to gain experience in a fast-paced Capitol Hill communications
operation. Qualified candidates should submit a resume, writing sample and
social content/graphic design sample to nj.07resumes@gmail.com the subject line
“Communications and Digital Media Fellow”.
MEM-364-19

The Office of Congressman Ted Yoho (FL-3) is currently seeking candidates for
an unpaid internship for the 2019 Fall semester in our Washington D.C. office.
Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable, and hold strong
communication skills. Primary responsibilities include answering phones,
corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, assisting the
legislative staff, attending Congressional hearings, and completing legislative
projects in a timely manner.
Successful candidates will be personable, flexible, detail-oriented, willing to
learn, and proactive. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the
legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. Florida ties are
preferred but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover
letter with the subject line “Fall 2019 Congressional Internship” to Courtney
Atwater at Courtney.Atwater@mail.house.gov

MEM-363-19

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek a motivated
and reliable digital intern to fill a full-time position in the fall. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation, website
maintenance, analytics, photography, videography, and performing other press
and administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess skills in
Adobe programs (Photoshop, Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro, Audition, and
After Effects), CMS, CSS, HTML, manual photography, analytics, and an ability
to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and portfolio to
oversightpress@mail.house.gov

MEM-362-19

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek a detailoriented student or recent graduate with a passion for communications to fill a
full-time press intern position in the fall. The ideal candidate should be a strong
Page 3 of 21

writer, team player, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. This
position reports to the deputy press secretary and broader communications team.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter oversightpress@mail.house.gov
MEM-361-19

The Office of Congressman Ted Yoho (FL-3) is currently seeking candidates for
an unpaid internship for the 2019 Fall semester in our Washington D.C. office.
Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable, and hold strong
communication skills. Primary responsibilities include answering phones,
corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, assisting the
legislative staff, attending Congressional hearings, and completing legislative
projects in a timely manner.
Successful candidates will be personable, flexible, detail-oriented, willing to
learn, and proactive. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the
legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. Florida ties are
preferred but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover
letter with the subject line “Fall 2019 Congressional Internship” to Alejandro
Puga at Alejandro.Puga@mail.house.gov

MEM-359-19

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking a Communications Intern for
the Fall Semester. Communications interns assist with a fast-paced
communications operation. Qualified candidates have academic or professional
experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and
excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, event support, social media,
and photography.
Communications intern duties may include:
-Daily press clips
-Answering phones
-Drafting documents for distribution to media
-Messaging & interview prep documents
-Social media content development
-Event photography
-…and more!
Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate New
Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page
writing sample, and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with
“Fall Internship” in the subject field. This position does come with a stipend.

MEM-358-19

The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated,
personable and professional legislative intern for the Fall 2019 session. Tasks
include answering the phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail, addressing
constituent concerns, attending briefings and supporting legislative staff as

Page 4 of 21

needed. Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong
writing skills, who pay close attention to detail.
Successful candidates would spend 25-40 hours per week interning in the DC
office. Maryland ties a plus. A stipend is available.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability to
employment@mail.house.gov. If you have further questions, please call the
Intern Coordinator at (202) 225-4016.
MEM-356-19

Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez was a faithful and tireless advocate of civic
engagement. Marisol herself was afforded a public service internship with thenJudge Sylvia Garcia that led to a lifelong commitment to the ideals of enriching
and empowering all people in her community. Through this fellowship, Marisol
will continue her legacy of service, education and a selfless dedication to the
betterment of her community.
The Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship is a fully funded
fellowship program in Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia’s Washington, DC
office. It is a competitive program awarded to outstanding students or recent
graduates with a demonstrated interest in public service or public policy and
strong ties to the 29th Congressional District of Texas.
The fellow(s) will gain hands-on office experience while learning about the
legislative process. They will work closely with staff conducting research,
drafting letters, and preparing for hearings. Other responsibilities will include
leading Capitol tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the
front office, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.
The position is available beginning in August 2019. To apply, send a resume and
cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Marisol Rodriguez
Congressional Fellowship”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and
end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this
internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-355-19

The Office of Congressman Roger Williams (TX-25) is currently seeking
candidates for a paid internship for the 2019 Fall semester in our Washington
Page 5 of 21

D.C. office. Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable, and hold
strong communication skills. Primary responsibilities include answering phones,
corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, assisting the
legislative staff, attending Congressional hearings, and completing legislative
projects in a timely manner.
Successful candidates will be personable, flexible, detail-oriented, willing to
learn, and proactive. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the
legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. Texas ties are
preferred but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover
letter with the subject line “Fall 2019 Congressional Internship” to Colton Teis at
Colton.Teis@mail.house.gov
MEM-354-19

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or
part-time paid interns for his Washington, D.C. office during the fall semester.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
research. Although all internships are unpaid, we are happy to work with current
students to receive college credit. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to hannah.cooke@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-353-19

The Democratic Majority of the Committee on Rules is seeking a full-time press
intern for the upcoming semester (September-December). Opportunities will
include compiling daily press clips, working collaboratively to generate creative
and engaging content for digital platforms, and assisting communications staff
with the creation of additional materials as needed.
Ideal candidate is a politically savvy, detail-oriented, and creative self-starter who
is familiar with graphic and/or video design, with an interest in learning about
House procedure. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to
perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
diverse candidates, those with untraditional backgrounds, women, and LGBTQ
persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send both a resume and brief cover letter with the subject line:
Rules Press Intern Fall 2019 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want
to join, in particular, the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to
RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov

Page 6 of 21

MEM-352-19

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic
interns for the upcoming semester (September – December). Our interns work
closely with Committee staff to prepare materials for Committee meetings,
process incoming amendments to bills, conduct research projects, answer phones,
learn about the Rules of the House and the special-order process, and complete a
variety of other administrative tasks.
Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work ethic, an interest in
learning about House floor procedures, and are detail-oriented. Applicants must
have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds or with untraditional
experience to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line:
Rules Intern Fall 2019 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to join
the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to
RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov

MEM-351-19

The House Democratic Policy & Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a
press intern to begin in September to support the communications team.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting press materials,
maintaining website and digital platforms, clipping and editing videos, updating
reporter and contact lists, coordinating events, and other administrative duties as
assigned.
Candidates must have strong writing skills, familiarity with digital products and
editing software, and the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to dpcc@mail.house.gov
with the subject line “2019 Summer DPCC Internship.”

MEM-350-19

NY Democrat seeks a highly motivated Press Fellow to help their
communications team execute their press and social media strategy.
Responsibilities include writing talking points and speeches, maintaining media
lists, drafting letters and correspondence, writing press releases and statements,
media monitoring, compiling daily press clips, and assisting the Communications
team in drafting prep materials and other written products. Candidates must
possess strong writing and time management skills.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and 3 writing samples to
ResumeNY@mail.house.gov “Press Fellow” in the subject line.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of all
Page 7 of 21

employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual
orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected
by law.
MEM-349-19

NY Democrat seeks a highly motivated Digital Media Fellow to join its fastpaced Washington D.C. communications operation. Primary responsibilities will
include taking photos, filming and live streaming events, drafting and creating
social media content, aiding in the design of mailers, and producing high-quality
online graphics and videos. A qualified candidate will be interested in digital
press strategy, be ready to work in a fast-paced environment, and will take
initiative. Past experience in communications or digital roles is preferred.
Experience in filming and editing is required. New York ties are a plus.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and 3 samples of video editing or graphic
design to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov with “Digital Media Fellow” in the
subject line.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of all
employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual
orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected
by law.

MEM-348-19

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a paid press
intern for the DC office this fall. Qualified applicants have very strong writing
and communication skills, experience with video editing and content creation, a
strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Spanish
speaking candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: working closely with staff to draft
social media content on a variety of issues and social media platforms, tracking
media coverage, executing daily press clips, and editing the weekly video shoot.
The position is available beginning in August 2019. To apply, send a resume and
cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Press
Internship Application”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and
end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this
internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-347-19

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individual for a paid internship position this fall in
Washington, DC. This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to gain handson office experience while learning about the legislative process. Qualified
Page 8 of 21

applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work
ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative
staff with research, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front
office, participating in hearing preparation, tracking media coverage, and other
duties as necessary.
The position is available beginning in August 2019. To apply, send a resume and
cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Internship
Application”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates,
hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-346-19

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for
the Fall 2019 session in his Capitol Hill office. The fall session dates are August
26- December 20th. The internship schedule is flexible to accommodate classes.
Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for
staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist
with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First
Congressional District are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to
Curran.smolinsky@mail.house.gov before August 16th . Please specify what
your internship schedule may look like.

MEM-345-19

Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger seeks a driven, detail-oriented, hardworking,
and engaged individual to join her DC staff for a fall semester internship.
Elected in 2018, Spanberger is the first woman to represent Virginia’s 7th district
and the first democrat in 50 years. Her dynamic team is working to improve the
lives of 7th district constituents and communities.
Essential duties and responsibilities include assisting the front office staff with
answering constituent phone calls, sorting and batching mail, drafting
Page 9 of 21

correspondence, addressing concerns of constituents, working with the legislative
team to conduct research on issue areas, collaborating with the Communications
department to track, organize, and manage social media accounts, and giving
staff-led tours throughout the Capitol.
Knowledge, skills, and abilities include: Responsible, reliable, punctual;
knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs; ability to problem solve,
think quickly, and adapt; and handle sensitive information.
Please visit https://spanberger.house.gov/contact/student-internships.htm for
additional information and instructions on how to apply.
MEM-343-19

The Office of Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is currently seeking a
paid legislative intern for the Fall of 2019 in his Washington, D.C. office. Fulltime is preferred beginning in September- will also be accepting part-time
applicants as long as they can commit to 15-20 hours per week.
Qualified applicants should have strong oral & written communication skills, the
ability to manage multiple tasks, the willingness to work in a fast-paced
environment, and be comfortable assisting constituents. Candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply, NY ties are a plus!
Deadline to apply is August 12th, 2019. To apply, please send a resume and
cover letter via email to laura.bart@mail.house.gov

MEM-342-19

The Washington D.C. office of Congresswoman Suzan DelBene (WA-01) seeks
paid interns for our Fall 2019 Internship Program. Ideal candidates will possess
excellent verbal and written communication skills, experience with research, and
an enthusiasm for civics and constituent service. Applicants must be prepared to
juggle multiple different tasks in a fast-paced environment.
Intern duties include:
• Constituent services (answering and logging phone calls, conducting Capitol
tours, etc.)
• Researching and writing responses to constituent letters
• Assisting legislative staff with issue research and briefings
• Other duties as assigned
To apply, please send a cover letter, 1-2 page writing sample, and resume to
Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. Interns will be paid a stipend. The
internship will start at the end of August/beginning of September. Drop-ins and
phone calls are discouraged.
The office of Congresswoman DelBene is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and members of the LGBTQ
community are encouraged to apply. Washington state ties are a bonus.

Page 10 of 21

MEM-341-19

Midwest Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional
organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in the
Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent
constituent service.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting constituents and
meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls and taking
messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general office
administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and work well
in a team environment.
Requirements: Please e-mail resume and cover letter to
NE.01@mail.house.gov with "Fall Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-340-19

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking a full or part-time
press intern to assist a fast-paced press team in Washington D.C. Intern duties
include drafting press releases and advisories, drafting digital content, sorting
press clips, and assisting the press team with a variety of projects as needed. The
ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills and is passionate about public
service. Adobe Premiere, Photoshop, and Illustrator skills a plus.
Preference will be given to candidates who have completed their first year of
college, who have Pennsylvania ties, and who are majoring in Communications,
Journalism, Public Relations, English, Government or other related fields. At the
top of your cover letter, please indicate that you are specifically interested in the
press internship. Please be advised that though this is a press-focused internship,
regular intern duties will also be assigned.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date
and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com

MEM-339-19

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) has Fall 2019 openings for
full and part-time congressional interns for her Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with
availability beginning immediately, and a preference will be given for those who
can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania ties are a plus but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects
in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and
written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly
encouraged to apply.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date
and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com
Page 11 of 21

MEM-338-19

The DC office of Congressman Scott DesJarlais (TN-04) is looking for fall
interns, mid-August through December. The responsibilities will vary. Interns
will be asked to answer phones, conduct Capitol tours, run errands, research
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings and
answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.
The hours generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Interested candidates should e-mail an updated resume and cover letter to
MeKenna.Carman@mail.house.gov

MEM-335-19

Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Fall 2019 in
Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with
various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones,
conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and
performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and
willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college
graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required. To apply,
please email a cover letter and resume to: Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
• performs research
• sorts and distributes mail;
• attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
• performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
• answers the telephones;
• notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
• greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
• performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor

Page 12 of 21

MEM-329-19

The Office of Congressman Andy Bar (R-KY) is seeking internship applicants
for the Fall 2019 Program in Washington, D.C. Qualified candidates should be
able to perform in a fast pace environment and have an interest in public service.
Kentucky ties will be preferred. We are looking for students working towards the
following majors, including but not limited to – Business, Public Policy, Political
Science, Sociology, Finance, Human Health Services, Communication, Social
Work, International Studies, and Journalism.
Interested applicants should send a resume and a cover letter to
matthew.jackson@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2019 Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-328-19

The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a press intern to
assist with a fast-paced communications operation for Fall 2019 (starting at the
beginning of August 2019). This is a paid position. Qualified candidates will have
strong writing, editing, event planning, social media, graphic design, and
photography skills, and be able to work on tight deadlines. Selected candidates
will also be expected to perform standard administrative duties.
Intern responsibilities include:
* Social media content development
* Event photography
* Compiling press clips
* Clipping videos
* Creating graphics
* Drafting press releases
* Answering phones
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample,
and dates of availability to GwenMoorePress.Moore@mail.house.gov with “Fall
2019 Press Internship” in the subject line. We also recommend, but do not
require, applicants submit 1-3 sample graphics.

MEM-327-19

A senior-ranking Republican member on the Committee of Ways & Means is
seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships for Fall of 2019. Interns
will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand
knowledge of the legislative process. D.C. responsibilities include leading Capitol
tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending
briefings and hearings. Florida ties are strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to housegopinternshipfl@outlook.com.
No phone calls or drop-ins will be considered.

MEM-326-19

Congressman David P. Joyce (OH-14) is currently accepting applications for his
fall 2019 internship program in his Washington D.C. office. The hours for the
fall program can be negotiated based on students class schedules. In Washington,
interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run
Page 13 of 21

errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings
and briefings and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.
Please send resumes to Natalie.hellmann@mail.house.gov
MEM-325-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Hakeem Jeffries (NY-08) seeks
applicants for a legislative internship during the fall of 2019. Interns will learn
about the inner workings of a congressional office, while gaining firsthand
knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include answering and
screening phone calls, managing the front office, assisting staff with legislative
projects, attending briefings and hearings, drafting constituent correspondences
and working on special projects as needed. Qualified applicants should possess a
professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability
to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail and an interest in the legislative and
governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent graduates seeking
Capitol Hill experience. Positions are available beginning in August 2019, and
applications will be considered on a rolling basis. Full- and part-time candidates
will be considered. Opportunities for school credit are available, and a stipend
will be provided to qualifying Interns. New York ties are preferred, but not
required.
Interested applicants should email their resume, cover letter and a brief writing
sample to newyork08resumes@gmail.com with “Fall 2019 Legislative
Internship” in the subject line.
Applicants must include their proposed start/end dates and availability in the
email application. This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, gender identity or expression or sexual orientation. Please, no calls or
walk-ins.

MEM-324-19

The office of Congressman Ralph Norman (SC-05) is currently accepting
applications for fall interns at our Washington, D.C. office. Starting late August
or September. Interns' responsibilities will vary. Fall opportunities begin August/
September 2019 and run through the end of the year. Applicants must be
motivated, professional, dependable and hold strong written and verbal
communication skills.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, corresponding
with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, attending Congressional hearings,
assisting the legislative staff, and participating in a legislative project. Successful
candidates will be mature, personable, detail-oriented, and self-starters.
Page 14 of 21

The hours may be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but
generally run 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session. Internships are available for 6 weeks, 8 weeks, and
semester length.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and available start date to Kimberly
Hammond at Kimberly.hammond@mail.house.gov
MEM-322-19

The Office of Congressman Tom Suozzi (NY-03) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall of 2019. Applicants
should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Interns will get to
work in a fast-paced environment and learn how a Congressional office operates.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting
legislative research, attending briefings/hearings, leading Capitol tours, assisting
with constituent relations, and managing the front office.
The internship gives students the opportunity to interact directly with the inner
workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process. Ties to NY-03 are preferred
but not required. Please send your resume and cover letter to
michael.christesen@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject
line.

MEM-321-19

Congressman Ron Kind’s Washington, D.C. office is currently accepting
applications for fall internships. Duties include researching policy issues,
responding to constituent mail, answering phones, distributing interoffice mail,
and performing daily office tasks. Interns will have the opportunity to attend
Congressional committee hearings, as well as other events. Candidates must be
self-starters, professional communicators and have excellent writing and
computer skills.
To apply for an internship, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to carter.macleod@mail.house.gov

MEM-318-19

Congressman Bill Huizenga (MI-02) is seeking Full time or Part Time Paid
interns for Fall 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Michigan
ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
To apply, email a single PDF including your resume and cover letter listing your
availability to Jared.Wood@mail.house.gov

MEM-317-19

Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez (CA-38) is seeking interns for her
Washington, DC office. Students gain invaluable work experience through the
internship program, and DC internships are paid. The hours are flexible to

Page 15 of 21

accommodate students' course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.
when Congress is in session and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
Interns will be asked to answer phones, research legislation, attend hearings and
briefings, and draft constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a
result, interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office. Southern California ties are preferred, but not
required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to
DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA38 Fall Internship” in the subject
line.
MEM-316-19

Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-30) seeks highly motivated, professional, and
dedicated interns who are passionate about government and politics. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Tasks include
answering the phones, leading Capitol tours, addressing constituent concerns,
attending briefings, and supporting legislative staff as needed. Ties to California’s
30th Congressional District are a plus, but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter and resume to
Brads.Interns@mail.house.gov. All applicants will be considered without regard
to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age.
We are currently seeking paid interns for:
Fall: August 26- December 20

MEM-314-19

Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking applicants for part-time and
full-time internships for the Fall of 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist
with legislative and administrative work by attending briefings, answering
phones, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative
research, among other tasks. Kansas ties are preferred, but are not required.
If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to
KS04DC.InternApplication@mail.house.gov

MEM-311-19

California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time
interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified
candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office,
intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give
tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication,
research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and
briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.

Page 16 of 21

Internships are unpaid but the office will provide any necessary assistance for
students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
CAGOPInternship@gmail.com
MEM-310-19

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess
strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending
Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones,
sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to hannah.cooke@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-309-19

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Fall 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties
are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
To apply, email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample,
and cover letter listing your availability to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-307-19

Southern Democratic Member of Congress seeks both full-time and part-time
interns for Fall 2019 in the Washington, D.C. office and District Office.
Responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, creating graphics,
running errands, and drafting constituent correspondence. Applicants should have
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and work well under pressure
in a fast-paced environment. No drop-ins or phone calls.
Please email nchousejobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Fall 2019 Internship Application” and what office you are interested in. Attach a resume,
writing sample, and include information regarding your full-time or part-time
availability. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates
are encouraged to apply.

MEM-305-19

The Office of Congressman Elijah E. Cummings (MD-07) seeks a dedicated,
detail-oriented, and energetic law student to be a legal intern in his Washington,
D.C. office. Applicants are to possess strong interpersonal skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, advanced writing skills, superb research abilities and
demonstrate a solid work ethic. Applicants must also be enrolled in good standing
at an accredited law school. Interest in criminal justice and/or technology issues
preferred.

Page 17 of 21

Reporting directly to the Legislative Director, responsibilities include but are not
limited to: supporting the Legislative Director and Counsels with legislative and
legal research, assisting in developing legislation and preparing for investigative
hearings, attending congressional briefings and hearings, participating in meeting
preparation, composing memos and letters, and other administrative duties as
assigned.
This full time or part-time position is available beginning in mid-August to midDecember. To apply, please visit the Congressman’s Internship Page
https://cummings.house.gov/services/internships. Please thoroughly complete the
application and submit that information for consideration. In order to be
considered for the position, you must thoroughly submit the application located
on this page.
MEM-304-19

The Office of Congressman Elijah E. Cummings (MD-07) seeks dedicated,
detail-oriented, and energetic undergraduate students for his fall internship
program in his Washington, DC office. Applicants are to possess strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, strong writing skills, and
a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: answering phones, assisting with
greeting constituents and visitors, supporting legislative staff with research,
attending congressional briefings and hearings, drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available from mid- August to
mid-December. To apply, please visit the Congressman’s Internship Page
https://cummings.house.gov/services/internships
In order to be considered for the positions, you must thoroughly submit the
application located on this page.

MEM-301-19

Southern Republican seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individuals
for internships in Washington, DC. Qualified Applicants should have strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing
skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Duties include: answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, researching legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings and answering constituent
letters on various issues before the House.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
emilie.jones@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Fall 2019 Internship Application”
in the subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter.

Page 18 of 21

MEM-300-19

In addition to providing administrative and operations support to the committee
as needed, the legal intern will work closely with the Counsels team with
research projects, drafting legislation, and attending meetings and briefings.
Candidates should be current law students and require little supervision.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply
.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page
resume and cover letter to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “Fall 2019
Legal Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.

MEM-297-19

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Fall 2019. The
internship is scheduled to run through December, depending on the availability of
the applicant.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are
considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain
experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a
Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting
constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and hearings.
Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing
sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with
"2019 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be
accepted.

MEM-296-19

The Minority Staff of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, the chief
investigative body of the House of Representatives, is seeking full- and part-time
interns for the fall semester. Interns will have the opportunity to work with the
administrative, policy, and press teams, conducting research, assisting during
hearings and markups, and helping with other administrative tasks as necessary.
Fall internships begin in August or September and typically run through the
middle of December. Specific dates for this internship will be determined on a
case-by-case basis, and preference will be afforded to those who are available at
least three days a week.
Applicants must be strong writers, organized, and detail-oriented, as they will
balance multiple, often disparate, projects corresponding with the broad
jurisdiction of the Committee. The strongest candidates will also exhibit
discretion in working on confidential matters and be enthusiastic and
knowledgeable about the Committee’s work.

Page 19 of 21

Previous experience on Capitol Hill strongly desired, but not required. The
position is unpaid, but we are happy to work with an applicant so they can receive
class credit.
Interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
oversight.committee@mail.house.gov. Please place "INTERN" in the subject
line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-295-19

The Minority Staff of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, the chief
investigative body of the House of Representatives, is seeking full- and part-time
law clerks for the fall semester. Law Clerks will have the opportunity to work
with the oversight and policy teams, conducting researching, reviewing
documents, and preparing for hearings and markups.
Fall clerkships begin in August or September and typically run through the
middle of December. Specific dates for this internship will be determined on a
case-by-case basis, and preference will be afforded to those who are available at
least three days a week.
Applicants must be law school students or recent graduates who are strong
writers, organized, and detail-oriented, as they will balance multiple, often
disparate, projects corresponding with the broad jurisdiction of the Committee.
The strongest candidates will also exhibit discretion in working on confidential
matters and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the Committee’s work. This
position is unpaid, but we are happy to work with an applicant so they can receive
class credit.
Interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
oversight.committee@mail.house.gov. Please place "LAW CLERK" in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-293-19

“San Antonio-native and fighting Texas Aggie, Congressman Will Hurd serves as
the United States Representative for one of the largest non-state districts in the
nation. Texas-23 stretches from San Antonio to El Paso and encompasses 820
miles of border. Prior to Congress, Hurd served for nearly a decade as an
undercover CIA officer and helped start a cybersecurity company. The third-term
Congressman is known for his bipartisan work on national security, border
security, and cybersecurity.
An internship in the Washington, DC office encompasses a variety of tasks and
assignments such as answering phones, greeting visitors, giving Capitol tours,
writing letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be
assigned to work with the legislative team and outreach staff to assist with
legislation, special projects, writing, and/or research.

Page 20 of 21

The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work
cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written
communications skills. Schedule is flexible and stipends may be available.
Texas ties preferred. Spanish speaking skills preferred, but not required.
To apply for an internship, please email your resume and a brief cover letter to
Reilly.Knecht@mail.house.gov with “2019 Fall Internship” in the subject line. In
your email, please specify your dates of availability.”

Page 21 of 21

