________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 9, 2021

MEM-313-21

Press Fellow -- Congresswoman Judy Chu (CA-27), Chair of the Congressional
Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC), is seeking a highly motivated, detailorientated, and energetic individual to assist with communications, digital media
and social media, and graphic design as a press fellow in the D.C. office. This is a
four-month paid position that reports to the Communications Director.
Daily tasks include drafting and posting content for the member’s social media
platforms and website; graphic design; daily press clips; drafting press releases,
newsletters, and advisories; and organizing press events. The ideal candidate will
be creative, politically astute, have a strong proficiency in crafting social media
content across social media platforms, and will be a detail-oriented team player
able to handle multiple tasks at once.
Excellent writing and strong organizational skills are essential, along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, one writing sample,
and one example of previous digital media or graphic design products
to Ben.Suarato@mail.house.gov with “Press Fellow” in the subject line. No
phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
Page 1 of 23

MEM-311-21

The Office of Rep. Lori Trahan (MA-03) is currently seeking Fall 2021 interns
in our Washington D.C. and District Office.
Candidates who demonstrate strong oral and written communication skills, the
ability to multi-task in a fast-paced work environment, and an interest in public
service are encouraged to apply. MA/and or MA-03 ties are preferred, but not
required. Fall Internships will run from September to December. Full time and
Part time options available for both offices.
The Fall 2021 Internship deadline: August 15
Washington D.C. Office
In our Washington, D.C. office, Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate
students’ course schedules, but generally run 9:00am to 5:00pm.
General Internship: In Washington, D.C., interns’ responsibilities include
answering phones, researching legislation, attending virtual hearings and
briefings, and answering constituent letters on various issues before the House.
Interns will also assist in various administrative tasks as needed. As a result,
interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.
Press Internship: In Washington D.C., press interns assist the driven press team.
Duties include developing social media content, drafting press releases, sorting
press clips, creating digital content, and assisting the team with a variety of
projects as needed. Interns will work closely with communications staffers and
learn about the press operation of a congressional office.
Candidates should have a foundation of technical knowledge on social media
platforms. Experience in studying Communications, Journalism, or Public
Relations is a plus. Submission of a sample graphic with application materials is
recommended but not required.
District Office (Located in- Lowell, MA)
In the District, intern responsibilities include answering phones, answering
constituent letters on various issues, assisting with resolving constituent
casework, researching daily press clips, and drafting memos as needed. Interns
will gain a comprehensive knowledge of Massachusetts’ 3rd District, as well as
the services the District Office provides.
To Apply:
All applications must be submitted through the online
application: https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/

Page 2 of 23

In addition to the online application, please email your Cover Letter (PDF) &
Resume (PDF) to the following:
•D.C. Office-General Internship: Jacky Alvarado
(Jacqueline.Alvarado@mail.house.gov)
•D.C. Office-Press Internship: Yael Sheinfeld (Yael.Sheinfeld@mail.house.gov)
•District Office Internship: Sarah Keene (Sarah.Keene@mail.house.gov)
The Office is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to
be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, gender identity, religion, sexual orientation, age,
disability, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status under
applicable laws. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds to apply.
MEM-310-21

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Government Operations, is seeking an energetic and selfmotivated graduate student for a full-time internship for Fall 2021.
The position offers the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting
and fast-paced Subcommittee, while participating directly in the oversight
process and learning about the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting staff in preparing for
congressional hearings, writing floor speeches, conducting legal and factual
research, drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive Branch and private sector officials. Interns play a key role in the office
and will work closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Background: The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to
investigate any matter at any time. The Subcommittee on Government Operations
has jurisdiction over issues related to the federal civil service, whistleblower
protections, the U.S. Postal Service; government management and accounting
measures; the economy, efficiency, and management of government operations
and activities; government reorganization; intergovernmental affairs, including
state and local governments; federal information technology security, acquisition
policy, and management; and federal property.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service; (ii) a
desire to learn; and (iii) exceptional analytic skills. They also must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills. Applicants should be willing to
work full time.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing their
resume and cover letter in one PDF titled “last name, first name, Fall 2021
Page 3 of 23

GovOps” to Government.Operations@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2021 Internship
Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please. Only
applicants who are selected for an interview will receive a response.
MEM-309-21

Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney’s (NY-18) D.C. Office is seeking interns for
the upcoming Fall 2021 Semester.
This internship is based in the Washington, DC office for college sophomores
and above. Hours are flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session. Due to the ongoing impact of COVID-19, our
office will continue to take precautions, including some remote work.
Qualified candidates should be organized, detail-oriented, able to multitask, and
possess strong writing skills, and an interest in policy work.
Interns’ responsibilities will vary. Responsibilities include: checking voicemails,
answering phone calls, researching legislation for the member and legislative
staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on
various issues before the House. Interns will gain an understanding of the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and a brief writing sample
to ny18maloneyleg@gmail.com with the subject line “[last name] Fall Intern
Application” no later than EOD August 18, 2021. New York ties and a fun
personality are a plus!
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are STRONGLY
encouraged to apply.

MEM-308-21

Congressman Nadler is seeking paid undergraduate student interns for the Fall
2021 semester in both his New York City district office and his Washington, D.C.
office.
Applicants should be interested in learning the daily, detailed operations of a
congressional office: responding to constituent problems and concerns, writing
letters, drafting policy memos, working with community organizations and other
government agencies to resolve problems, and performing general office tasks.
Excellent communication skills are important.
Interns must be able to commit to at least 20 hours per week and should have
completed their first year of college.

Page 4 of 23

Please send a resume, cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample
to NY10.Internship@mail.house.gov. In your cover letter, please note your
availability on each day of the week, and in the subject line of your email,
indicate whether you are applying for an internship in the D.C. office or NY
district office.
Congressman Nadler’s office strives to ensure that our internship class reflects
the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds
are strongly encouraged to apply. Congressman Nadler’s office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
Due to the large volume of applicants we receive, only those applicants who are
offered interviews will be contacted.
MEM-307-21

The House Judiciary Committee Democratic staff are looking for interns for the
spring semester. The House Committee on the Judiciary’s staff internship
program offers undergraduate students, law students, graduate students, and
recent graduates an opportunity to experience the operation of a congressional
committee firsthand and learn about the important role that our Committee plays
in the legislative process.
The Judiciary Committee has jurisdiction over a wide range of legislative and
oversight issues, including oversight of the U.S. Department of Justice,
constitutional law, federal criminal law, voting rights, immigration and
naturalization, intellectual property law, and antitrust law. Stipends will be
available to spring interns.
Intern assignments will vary depending on the work of the Judiciary Committee
each semester.
Examples of potential responsibilities include:
•Researching policy issues under the committee’s jurisdiction
•Conducting legal research
•Attending briefings and hearings on the Hill
•Drafting memos
•Supporting committee counsels
•Supporting committee clerks and professional staff members
•Providing administrative support, including answering calls, delivering
correspondence, and setting up the hearing room.
The Committee strives to ensure that our internship class reflects the diversity of
the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,

Page 5 of 23

color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
The deadline to apply for the spring semester is October 1, 2021. This internship
is based in Washington, DC. To learn more and apply, please
visit judiciary.house.gov/about/internship-opportunities.htm
MEM-305-21

Congressman Barry Moore (AL-02)’s D.C. and District Offices are seeking parttime or full-time interns for the upcoming Fall 2021 Semester.
The internships are based in the Washington, D.C., Andalusia, Wetumpka, and
Dothan, Alabama, offices and are open to college students of all majors and
designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates
with an interest in public service. Hours are flexible to accommodate students’
course schedules, but generally run 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, a passion for public service, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Intern responsibilities include answering phones, drafting constituent letters,
listening to hearings and briefings, assisting the press team, conducting research,
and administrative work as needed. Interns will gain an understanding of the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply, please send a cover letter and resume
to Anthony.Emmett@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Intern
Application 2021 (Office Location)”. Please specify in the email and subject line
which office you are applying for.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. Alabama ties are appreciated,
but not required.

MEM-303-21

The House Committee on Natural Resources Republican Staff is soliciting fall
internship applications for both college students and graduates for the fall
semester.
The ideal candidate should have education, experience, and/or interest in natural
resource policy, possess the ability to work both independently and as part of a
team, and have superior written and oral communications skills. Interns will have
opportunities to directly support the full committee and subcommittees on a wide
range of Committee activities and policy issues.
Intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will interact with committee staff and
Members, provide research support to subcommittee staff, attend hearings and
briefings, and other work to support the Committee. As a result, interns will learn
Page 6 of 23

about the legislative process, and the many other functions of a committee. This
is a full-time paid internship. Accommodations may be made to internship
start/end dates and hours to accommodate students’ course schedules, but are
generally considered Sept. to December, 9:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Monday through
Friday.
Candidates should be at least 18 years of age and must be either a U.S. citizen or
in the U.S. legally.
Interested applications should email questions, a resume, cover letter, and two
letters of recommendation to HNRRepublicanInternships@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “<Applicant First and Last Name> - HNR Internship”
Deadline for applications is August 18, 2021.
MEM-302-21

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-5) is seeking an enthusiastic, highly
motivated intern to work in-person in our D.C. office for the Fall 2021 semester.
Interns in Washington, D.C. are fully integrated into the day-to-day operations of
our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
legislative and communications staff. This includes attending Congressional
hearings and briefings, writing memos, compiling press clippings, drafting social
media posts, answering phones, and sorting mail.
As an intern for Congressman Meeks, the Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee and a senior member of the House Financial Services Committee, you
will have a unique opportunity to gain unparalleled exposure to the political
processes and legislative work on Capitol Hill.
Applicants should be able to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, be
team-oriented and collaborative, and have a demonstrated interest in public
service, government, international affairs, and/or financial services. Strong
writing, communication, and interpersonal skills are required. Women, BIPOC,
LGBTQ+ persons, and/or candidates from other underrepresented communities
are strongly encouraged to apply. New York and district ties are preferred, but not
required.
To apply, please send a cover letter, 1-page resume, and writing sample (1-4
pages) in one PDF document to applicationsNY05@mail.house.gov. This is a
rolling application deadline until open positions are filled.

MEM-299-21

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks
legislative or press interns.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to conducting legislative research,
managing and responding to constituent correspondence, attending briefings and

Page 7 of 23

hearings for staff, compiling press clips, drafting communications materials, and
other tasks depending on the needs of the Committee and the intern’s interests.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be
detail-oriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the House and
legislative process. In an effort to build a diverse and more inclusive work
environment, the Committee strongly encourages veterans, minority, women,
people with disabilities, and LGBTQ+ candidates to apply.
This is an unpaid, virtual internship that can be a full-time or part-time position.
Please include in your cover letter how many days a week you would be available
to intern as well as your preferred start and end dates. Indicate in the subject line
whether you are applying for a legislative or press internship. If applicants have
additional questions about the internship,
contact Veterans.Internships@Mail.House.Gov.
MEM-293-21

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-21) D.C. office seeks interns for the
upcoming Fall 2021 semester.
The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is
committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This
position demands the ability to multi-task, strong organizational skills and must
work cooperatively and courteously with others in a shared space.
Duties include: answering telephones, compiling daily press clips relevant to the
office’s priorities, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
administrative assistance to the D.C. staff. Undergraduate students and recent
college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are
encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF file.
Cover letter should detail reasons for applying to the position as well as
availability. A stipend will be given to accepted applicants.
Deadline to apply by is August 13th, 2021 COB. A minimum of 25 hours per
week is required. All materials must be submitted
to Joelle.Lawrence@mail.house.gov

MEM-289-21

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Natural Resources is currently
seeking a full-time intern for Fall 2021 (September – December).
Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we
seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
eager to learn about the committee process. Interns will conduct legislative

Page 8 of 23

research, prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach,
and aide communications. The position comes with a monthly stipend.
We will consider both remote and in-person candidates. Please state your
preference in your application.
Depending on guidance from the CDC and the Congressional Office of the
Attending Physician, the internship may become fully remote. We will notify
candidates being considered as soon as possible.
To apply, address your application materials to Heather Pacheco
at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Internship
Application – First Name Last Name” by COB August 13, 2021. Please include a
cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and dates of availability.
Applicants will be considered on a rolling basis. Due to the volume of
applications, we will only be reaching out to candidates who are being actively
considered for this position. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
This posting will be removed from the Committee’s website when the position
has been filled.
Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
MEM-288-21

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks
full-time and part time, paid interns for Fall 2021.
Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and
markups and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition
to press matters. Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the
office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing
official documents.
Internship Description/Duties:
This position will be a combination of telework and in-office work as safety and
logistics permit. Interns will be given an opportunity to work on substantive
projects under the direction of Committee Staff while also serving a general
administrative function.
Typical Intern Duties include working closely with staff to complete long-term or
short-term projects, preparing research memos on scientific topics, supporting
staff in the preparation of Committee hearing materials, and participating in
events related to the Committee’s jurisdiction.

Page 9 of 23

Qualification/Skills:
Candidate should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, have a strong appreciation for situational awareness, be
able to multitask, and be adaptable to a fast-paced environment. An interest in
topics relevant to the committee’s jurisdiction is preferred.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website
at https://science.house.gov/contact/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-286-21

Congressman Richard Hudson’s (NC-08) D.C. Office is seeking part-time or fulltime interns for the upcoming Fall 2021 Semester.
This internship is based in the Washington, D.C. office and is open to college
students of all majors and designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as
well as recent graduates with an interest in public service. Hours are flexible to
accommodate students’ course schedules, but generally run 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, a passion for public service, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Intern responsibilities include answering phones, answering constituent letters,
attending hearings and briefings, drafting social media campaigns, assisting with
press briefings, conducting research, and administrative work as needed. Interns
will gain an understanding of the legislative process and the many other functions
of a congressional office.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and application, found
on Hudson.House.Gov, to kaitlin@mcniffe@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Fall Intern Application 2020.”
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. North Carolina ties are
appreciated, but not required.

MEM-285-21

The office of Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) is seeking a highly motivated
and detail-oriented paid intern for Fall 2021.
Qualified candidates will have demonstrated interest in researching, learning, and
writing about policy, legislation and the legislative process, strong writing
abilities and analytical skills, and an interest in public service. This position acts
as an all-around helping hand in the congressional office, serving the staff and
constituents, and is essential to ensuring the office operates efficiently. Michigan
ties are a plus.

Page 10 of 23

This position is paid and in-person. The ideal candidate will be available from
September through December and to work from 9 AM – 6 PM when Congress is
in session and from 9 AM – 5 PM when Congress is not in session.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and three professional
references to Sam.Ropa@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2021
Internship” by COB on Monday, August 16.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Oversee the office reception area, greeting constituents and guests in a
professional manner;
•Answer incoming telephone calls;
•Assist the Staff Assistant in organizing tours of the U.S. Capitol, White House
and other Washington, D.C. landmarks for constituents or stakeholders;
•Assist the Staff Assistant in fulfilling flag requests;
•Assist the legislative staff by researching legislation and policies, attending
briefings and drafting cosponsor recommendations and memos;
•Support the constituent mail program by batching constituent messages in IQ,
researching and drafting constituent mail;
•Assist in managing office supplies for the Washington office;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and procedures;
•Knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Professional telephone manners;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation, gender
identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-284-21

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Fall 2021 in Washington, D.C.
Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings,
answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various
other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required.

Page 11 of 23

Internships with the office are paid and receive metro benefits. No phone calls,
follow ups or drop ins, please. Please email FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov,
with your resume, cover letter & a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF.
MEM-283-21

TITLE: Congressional Intern
REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•excellent oral and written communication skills;
•high level of attention to detail
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Fall 2021 in
Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with
various duties.
Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones, conducting Capitol
tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative
research and analysis. We are looking for responsible individuals that are
dependable, organized, and willing to learn. Internships are open to
undergraduate students and college graduates. Washington state ties are
encouraged but not required.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to: jack.pickett@mail.house.gov

Page 12 of 23

MEM-282-21

Congresswoman Grace Meng’s (NY-06) D.C. Office is seeking interns for the
upcoming Fall 2021 Semester.
This internship is based in the Washington, DC office and is open to college
students. Hours are flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session. Due to the ongoing impact of COVID-19, our
office will continue to take precautions, including some remote work.
Interns’ responsibilities will vary. Responsibilities include: checking voicemails,
researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings
and briefings, and answering constituent letters on various issues before the
House. Interns gain an understanding of the legislative process and the many
other functions of a congressional office. If eligible, this internship includes a
monthly stipend.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to NY06_Intern_App@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Intern
Application” no later than 4:00p on Tuesday, August 10th, 2021. New York ties
are a plus!
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-281-21

Congresswoman Grace Meng’s (NY-06) D.C. Office seeks a Communications
Intern for the upcoming Fall 2021 Semester.
Qualified candidates will have strong written and social media skills, graphic
design and video editing experience. One to two years experience (including
internships) in a press or digital media role is preferred.
Responsibilities include:
•Drafting social media campaigns
•Designing social media graphics
•Clipping and editing videos
•Assisting with press releases and other written materials
•Developing creative communications ideas
•Monitoring and compiling reports on press and social media
•Administrative work as needed, including answering phone calls
This internship is based in the Washington, DC office and is open to college
students. Hours are flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to

Page 13 of 23

5:00 p.m. when not in session. Due to the ongoing impact of COVID-19, our
office will continue to take precautions, including some remote work.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to NY06_Intern_App@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Communications
Intern Application” no later than 4:00p on Tuesday, August 10th, 2021.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-277-21

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester is currently seeking energetic and selfmotivated interns for the DC and Wilmington office for the Fall 2021 term. This
is a paid internship. This is currently a hybrid position that is subjected to change
based on CDC guidelines.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, strong writing skills, a passion for public service, and a good
sense of humor. Primarily responsibilities include answering phones, researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and
answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Delaware ties are
preferred, but not required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
Interested candidates must send a resume, a cover letter that describes why you
want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and 2 letters of
recommendation to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov, indicating the office (DC,
Wilmington, or Georgetown) and the term you are applying for in the subject
line.
For example: “DC Spring 2020 Internship.” Candidates from BIPOC,
LGBTQIA+, and/or underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Please note in the cover letter or body of the email if the internship is for
school credit and if you are Pell Grant eligible.

MEM-275-21

The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly
motivated, proactive virtual/in-person press intern to assist on an aggressive
communications team. Applicants must be available to begin in mid-August.
This internship may offer a stipend. Qualified candidates will demonstrate a
strong and positive work ethic, pay attention to detail, be responsive and
punctual, and have solid writing and editing skills.
Page 14 of 23

Preferred applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and are willing to
perform and follow through on a wide variety of tasks. Applicants must have the
ability to work proactively from home and must have a reliable computer,
internet connection, phone connection, and power. The intern will be expected to
be online and fully available from 8:30am-5pm ET Monday through Friday.
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and
Facebook campaigns
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of graphic design software like
Photoshop or Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Drafting small newsletters
*Editing written materials, such as newsletters or press releases
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Please send resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples, and a graphic sample (if
applicable). Send to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com.
MEM-272-21

TITLE: Intern
REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator/Supervisor
Congresswoman Elissa Slotkin seeks highly motivated, organized, and detailoriented undergraduates and recent graduates for her DC office internship
program.
Intern responsibilities will include both policy and administrative support. Interns
may sort and draft constituent correspondence, compile media clips, answer
phones, research legislation, assist legislative staff, or perform other
responsibilities based on the office’s needs and student’s interests.
Interns are expected in the office from 9 am to 6 pm, however hours are flexible
based on a student’s course schedule. A monthly stipend is also available.
To apply for an internship, please apply by going
to https://slotkin.house.gov/internships
Qualified candidates should be organized, detail-oriented, able to multitask, and
possess strong writing skills. Representative Slotkin’s office is an equalopportunity employer and minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are
encouraged to apply. Applications will be accepted through July 31, 2021.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Page 15 of 23

•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research (Congress.gov, CRS, or Google);
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
MEM-271-21

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform is
seeking energetic and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time
internships.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly
in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative
operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes. Law
students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff. Background: The Oversight and Reform Committee is the
primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with
jurisdiction to investigate any matter at any time.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the
office full time are preferred.

Page 16 of 23

Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a
cover letter and resume to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Legal
Internship” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the
file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.”
No phone calls or drop-ins please. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-270-21

LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP:
The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (D-NJ) is seeking qualified interns
for our D.C. office for Fall 2021.
Intern duties vary on a daily basis, but are all critical to the function of our office.
Daily tasks include, but are not limited to, answering phones, responding to
constituent requests, compiling research on targeted issues, compiling press clips,
assisting with scheduling requests and helping with staff-led projects.
In addition, interns lead Capitol tours, run errands and complete various
administrative tasks as needed. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend
special events, such as committee hearings, briefings and seminars.
The internship includes a stipend and will run from late August or early
September to mid-December. Interested applicants should email a resume, cover
letter and dates/hours of availability to ashly.estevezperez@mail.house.gov with
“Fall Intern: Last Name, First Name” in the subject line.
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. New Jersey ties are a plus! This office is an
equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds
to apply. Deadline to apply is Friday, August 13.

MEM-266-21

The Orange County office of Congresswoman Katie Porter (D-CA-45) is seeking
a current student to serve as a part-time press intern to assist with
communications, social media, and graphic design. Candidates should possess
strong written and verbal communication skills and have an interest in politics
and government.
Daily tasks include producing assets for the Congresswoman’s social media
accounts, such as graphics, GIFs, and short videos; drafting press releases and
newsletters; tracking and compiling mentions of the Congresswoman in the news;
transcribing press interviews; creating and managing press lists; and assisting
with media inquiries and research. Knowledge of programs like Adobe Creative
Suite and Canva a plus, but not required.

Page 17 of 23

Qualified candidates must submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing sample
(1-2 pages) as one attachment to katieporter.press@mail.house.gov with the
subject “[full name] press internship application”. We recommend that applicants
also submit one to two examples of previous digital media or graphic design
products, but this is not required. We are accepting applications on a rolling basis,
but we will prioritize candidates that apply before August 1st.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
The intern will receive a monthly stipend. We will prioritize candidates who are
able to commit 20 hours/week.
MEM-264-21

Congressman John Garamendi (D-CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his team. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and
phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close
attention to detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending virtual hearings and
meetings, answering constituent phone calls, assisting with scheduling, sorting
and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov

MEM-263-21

The office of Congressman Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking candidates for fulltime Fall internships in our Washington, DC and Albany offices.
Interns will work with legislative and casework staff to learn about all operations
of a congressional office. We look for applicants who possess strong oral and
written communication skills and who are passionate about public service, eager
to learn, and detail oriented. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 18 of 23

Responsibilities may include:
- Answering phones
- Writing letters to constituents on a variety of policy topics
- Assisting constituents with matters related to federal agencies
- Researching legislation for the Member and staff
- Collecting daily press clips and drafting social media posts
- Attending hearings and briefings
To apply for an internship in my Washington, D.C. office, please email a cover
letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to Miranda
Miller at Miranda.Miller@mail.house.gov.
To apply for an internship in my Albany office, please email a cover letter,
resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to Nadja Pope
at Nadja.Pope@mail.house.gov
MEM-257-21

DIGITAL INTERN
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a motivated
and reliable student to fill a full-time digital intern position this fall.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation,
graphic design, manual photography, videography, website maintenance,
analytics and performing other press and administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, OBS Studio, as well as
compiling and interpreting social media analytics.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment and willingness to
learn is a must; sense of humor strongly encouraged. This position reports to the
communications director. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov

MEM-256-21

PRESS INTERN
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented student with a passion for
communications to fill a full-time press intern position this fall. The ideal
candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task in a fastpaced environment.
Press intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, compiling press clips,
maintaining press lists, and drafting press releases. This position reports to the

Page 19 of 23

communications director and broader communications team. Candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume to oversightpress@mail.house.gov
MEM-246-21

The Office of Congressman Bill Huizenga (MI-02) currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Fall of 2021. Qualified applicants should possess
strong communication skills, be interested in learning about the legislative
process, and have a willingness to work in our fast-paced, professional
environment.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional
tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Proficiency in writing is a requirement.
Michigan ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to our
Intern Coordinator, Alec Daman at alec.daman@mail.house.gov

MEM-245-21

2021 Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship
Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez was a faithful and tireless advocate of civic
engagement. Marisol herself was afforded a public service internship that led to a
lifelong commitment to the ideals of enriching and empowering all people in her
community. Through this fellowship, Marisol will continue her legacy of service,
education and a selfless dedication to the betterment of her community.
The Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship is a paid
fellowship program with Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia’s Washington, DC
office. It is a competitive program awarded to outstanding students with a
demonstrated interest in public service or public policy and strong ties to the 29th
Congressional District of Texas.
The fellow will gain office experience while learning about the legislative
process. They will work closely with staff conducting research, drafting letters,
and preparing for hearings. Other responsibilities will include screening
telephone calls, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary. This
position may be in person or remote depending on public health guidance at the
time of the internship.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.

Page 20 of 23

The position is available beginning in September 2021. To apply, send a resume,
cover letter and to catherine.arjet2@mail.house.gov with the subject “Marisol
Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship”. In your cover letter please indicate
expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is
available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-244-21

Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for the fall of 2021.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the
legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include
attending briefings, answering phones, drafting constituent correspondence
letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks.
Nevada ties are strongly encouraged but not required.
Please send resume, cover letter, and two letters of recommendation
to Vanessa.Schoning@mail.house.gov or apply online at https://titus.house.gov/

MEM-243-21

The Office of Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz is looking for interns
to join our office for the Fall 2021 semester. Internship responsibilities including
legislative, press, and administrative tasks.
Students chosen will perform a variety of duties for our office and will play an
active role in the daily tasks that face a Member of Congress. Interns will have
the opportunity to learn and assist all members of my office, assisting with
legislative, press, and administrative duties.
An internship in our District Office and on Capitol Hill is what one makes of it.
Dedicated interns have the opportunity - provided they are motivated, energetic,
and creative - to learn how legislation becomes law and affects peoples' lives.
We are always looking for hard-working students who are interested in entering
public service or learning how Congress works.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties,
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
Page 21 of 23

•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable, and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
For the Washington, DC Office:
RepDWSresumes@gmail.com
DC offices: Please note in your cover letter if you would like to be considered for
a need-based stipend for expenses such as housing or transportation and provide
the desired amount that would cover such costs. Please note that providing this
information does not guarantee financial compensation.
MEM-241-21

Fiscally and Socially Conservative Midwestern member of the House seeks
motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for internships in
Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Missouri/Midwestern ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Answering and screening
telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors,
leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending
congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the Communications Director
with drafting talking points, creating graphics for social media, tracking media
coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time internship positions are available beginning in August 2021. This is a
paid, full-time, in-person internship position for the Fall. To apply, please send a
resume and cover letter to madelyn.derks@mail.house.gov with the phrase
“Internship Application” in the subject line.

Page 22 of 23

MEM-239-21

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Fall of 2021. Qualified applicants should possess
strong communication skills, be interested in learning about the legislative
process, and have a willingness to work in our fast-paced office.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional
tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability
to intern.OH06@gmail.com

MEM-238-21

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is seeking highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time in person internship for his
Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal
communication skills, the ability to multitask, and a willingness to learn.
Position duties include: attending virtual Congressional hearings and briefings,
managing tour and flag requests, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting
staff with legislative and administrative projects.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: Fall 2021 Internship.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

Page 23 of 23

