________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 27, 2023

MEM-122-23

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Spring 2023.
Qualified applicants should possess strong communication skills, be interested in
learning about the legislative process, and have a willingness to work in our fastpaced office. Responsibilities include answering phones, leading tours of the
Capitol, attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and
additional tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not
required. A monthly stipend is available.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability
to intern.OH06@gmail.com.

MEM-121-23

Rep. Katie Porter (CA-47) seeks highly motivated interns for her DC oﬃce
spring internship program. The duration of this internship is expected to last from
the end of March to June. The ideal candidate is highly organized, able to
multitask, and has strong written and verbal communication skills.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
● Answer incoming phone calls to log opinions, connect staﬀers to outside
stakeholders, and direct callers to appropriate resources
●Enter and organize incoming constituent messages from mail and voicemail into
the IQ database
●Draft form letters responding to constituent concerns
Page 1 of 16

●Respond to constituent messages through phone calls or emails as needed
●Assist legislative team with researching data and information
●Compile draft meeting memos for the legislative staﬀ
●Track and input legislative meetings with partners, stakeholders, and
constituents, in IQ.
●Perform other duties as assigned by the DC Staﬀ Assistant
The oﬃce is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Ties to Orange County/Southern California are
a plus.
Interns are expected in the oﬃce from 9 am to 6 pm, however hours are ﬂexible
based on a student’s course schedule. Interns will receive a monthly stipend. To
apply, send a cover letter, resume and two references
to CA47.Internship@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2023 DC Internship” in the
subject line. The deadline for submission is Friday, March 3 at 11:59 PM EST.
MEM-120-23

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full time interns for the summer internship session. The start
date would be as early as May 5th (flexible depending on availability) with a
flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and have access
to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to Paxton.Antonucci@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in your cover letter that
you’re applying for a summer internship and format the files as [Full
Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter].

MEM-119-23

Congressman Jerry Nadler (NY-12) is seeking a paid undergraduate student
intern in his Washington, DC office. The internship will run from March 20th June 1st. Applicants should be interested in learning the daily, detailed operations
of a congressional office: responding to constituent problems and concerns,
writing letters, drafting policy memos, legislative research, and performing
general office tasks. Excellent communication skills are important.

Page 2 of 16

Interns must be able to commit to at least 25 hours per week and should have
completed their first year of college.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample
to asha.armstrong@mail.house.gov by March 10th, 2023. In your cover letter,
please note your availability on each day of the week, your legislative interests,
and why you would like to work for Congressman Nadler.
Congressman Nadler’s office strives to ensure that our internship class reflects
the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds
are strongly encouraged to apply. Congressman Nadler’s office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
MEM-117-23

Paid Congressional Internship
The Office of Congresswoman Kim Schrier (WA-08) is seeking interns in its
Issaquah and Washington, DC offices for Summer 2023. Applicants should be
eager to learn more about the legislative process and want to be part of a
hardworking team dedicated to serving Washington’s 8th Congressional District.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office, gaining valuable
experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
In Washington, D.C., intern responsibilities will include greeting constituents,
answering constituent phone calls, supporting staff with administrative tasks,
conducting legislative research, assisting with constituent correspondence, and
other miscellaneous tasks as assigned. Interns in Washington, D.C. also have the
opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol, as well as attend briefings for the
legislative staff.
In the District office, interns will assist with a variety of tasks, including day-today office work such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with
media clips. District office interns may also help with constituent casework or
other District-based projects of importance.
Qualifications
Ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, a
high degree of professionalism, and a strong interest in public service. In
addition, the ability to multi-task and work with a team are a plus. District and
Washington state ties are a plus, but not required. Starting and ending dates are
flexible, although prospective interns should be able to commit at least 20 hours
per week during business hours. Congressional internships are open to all majors
and designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates
with an interest in public service. All interns are paid and academic credit is
available.
Page 3 of 16

Please apply by March 19, 2023 at 11:59 p.m. ET. Please be prepared to submit a
cover letter, resume, three references and additional info
at https://schrier.house.gov/services/internships. If you have submission issues,
please email relevant application materials
to DistrictInternshipsWA08@mail.house.gov.
MEM-116-23

“Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Summer 2023 term.
Intern responsibilities include corresponding and communicating with
constituents, researching policy, legislative analysis, guiding Capitol building
tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written
and oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and
cover letter
to marshall.stallings@mail.house.gov and lauren.mazurek@mail.house.gov.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to
apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class
schedules. This is a paid position and is competitive with that of other offices.
Rate of pay will depend on hours worked and duration of internship. State ties
preferred, but not required.”

MEM-115-23

PRESS INTERNSHIP: The office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA06) is accepting applications for a Summer 2023 press intern in our Washington,
D.C. office. This internship will run from late May/early June through midAugust.
We offer needs-based stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our
internship program has returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have experience in a
faced-paced, deadline-oriented work environment. Applicants must be
independent problem-solvers, have strong writing skills, and be comfortable
communicating to both internal and external audiences. Technical experience
with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign, Illustrator), photo editing programs
(Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software (Premiere, Headliner) a major
plus.
Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips,
helping draft copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital content.
Press interns will have the opportunity to staff the congresswoman to capture
videos and photos of events. We offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up
Page 4 of 16

close and from the inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience are a
plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and
why you’re interested in interning in our office, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one
example of digital work (video, graphic or photo)
to PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-114-23

LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP: The office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan
(D-PA-06) is accepting applications for Summer 2023 legislative interns in our
West Chester, Reading, and Washington, D.C. offices. This internship will run
from late May/early June through mid-August.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer needs-based
stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our internship program has
returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a
passion for community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing
to spend a lot of time on the phone, and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting
memos for our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or
meetings. We offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the
inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06
are also a plus.
Please submit applications
via https://houlahan.house.gov/services/internships.htm
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-112-23

The Office of Rep. Lori Trahan is currently accepting applications for our
Summer 2023 Internship program! District ties are preferred but not required.
Candidates who demonstrate strong oral and written communication skills, the

Page 5 of 16

ability to multi-task in a fast-paced work environment, and an interest in public
service are encouraged to apply.
In the District Office, intern responsibilities include answering phones, answering
constituent letters on various issues, assisting with resolving constituent
casework, researching daily press clips, and drafting memos as needed. Interns
will gain a comprehensive knowledge of Massachusetts’ 3rd District, as well as
the services the District Office provides.
Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate schedules, but generally run
9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m with the option of full-time and part-time positions. This
internship is located in Lowell, MA.
Summer 2023 Application deadline: March 27th
All applications must be submitted through the online application:
https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/
In addition to the online application, please email your Cover Letter (PDF) &
Resume (PDF) to Emma Kotelly (Emma.Kotelly@mail.house.gov)
The office is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to
be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, gender identity, religion, sexual orientation, age,
disability, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status under
applicable laws. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds to apply.
MEM-111-23

DC Intern Summer 2023
The Office of Rep. Lori Trahan is currently accepting applications for our
Summer 2023 Internship program! District ties are preferred but not required.
Candidates who demonstrate strong oral and written communication skills, the
ability to multi-task in a fast-paced work environment, and an interest in public
service are encouraged to apply.
In Washington, D.C., interns’ responsibilities include answering phones,
researching legislation, attending virtual hearings and briefings, and answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns will also assist in
various administrative tasks as needed. As a result, interns learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate schedules, but generally run
9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m with the option of full-time and part-time positions.
Summer 2023 Application deadline: March 27th
All applications must be submitted through the online application:
https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/
Page 6 of 16

In addition to the online application, please email your Cover Letter (PDF) &
Resume (PDF) to Alex Eliasen (Alexander.Eliasen@mail.house.gov)
The office is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to
be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, gender identity, religion, sexual orientation, age,
disability, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status under
applicable laws. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds to apply.
MEM-110-23

Press Intern Summer 2023
The Office of Rep. Lori Trahan is currently accepting applications for our
Summer 2023 Internship program! District ties are preferred but not required.
Candidates who demonstrate strong oral and written communication skills, the
ability to multi-task in a fast-paced work environment, and an interest in public
service are encouraged to apply.
In Washington D.C., press interns assist the driven press team. Duties include
developing social media content, drafting press releases, sorting press clips,
creating digital content, and assisting the team with a variety of projects as
needed. Interns will work closely with communications staffers and learn about
the press operation of a congressional office.
Candidates should have a foundation of technical knowledge on social media
platforms. Experience in studying Communications, Journalism, or Public
Relations is a plus. Submission of a sample graphic with application materials is
recommended, but not required.
Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate students' schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m with the option of full-time and part-time
positions. The position will be hybrid.
Summer 2023 Application deadline: March 27th
All applications must be submitted through the online application:
https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/
In addition to the online application, please email your Cover Letter (PDF) &
Resume (PDF) to Katie Petersen (Katie.Petersen@mail.house.gov)
The office is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to
be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, gender identity, religion, sexual orientation, age,
disability, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status under
applicable laws. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds to apply.

Page 7 of 16

MEM-109-23

Congressman Dan Newhouse (R-WA-04) is currently seeking paid congressional
interns for the Summer 2023 term. The internships are in-person and will run
from May to the end of July. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, opening and sorting mail,
greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks, and
producing a daily memo. Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong
work ethic, attention to detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced work
environment. District ties will be considered however are not required.
Interested applicants should send their resumes, cover letters, and any writing
samples with the subject line “Summer 2023 Internship”
to Paige.Ash@mail.house.gov

MEM-106-23

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability
(Democratic Staff) is seeking passionate and self-motivated law students for fulltime or part- time internships.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly
in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative
operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes. Law
students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff.
Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a desire to learn.
They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the office full time are
preferred.
Interested applicants should send a PDF cover letter and resume
to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Legal Internship – Summer 2023” in the
subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the file name using the
following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Page 8 of 16

MEM-104-23

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking full-time and part-time paid
interns for the Spring 2023 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings/hearings, performing
legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects.
Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent communication
skills, a strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public service and
progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by an outside
organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample,
three references, and availability to Diego.Sanchez@mail.house.gov with the
subject “2023 Spring Internship Application” by Friday, March 10th.

MEM-103-23

We are now accepting Spring 2023 intern applications for the Washington, DC
office of Congressman Morgan McGarvey representing Kentucky’s third
congressional district!
This internship program will run for 6 weeks and we encourage all eligible
applicants to apply. This internship will provide invaluable work experience and
significantly contribute to the functionality of the office.
The objective of the internship program is for students to gain as much
experience as possible throughout their tenure and feel connected to all staff and
constituents they interact with. Interns should leave the program with substantial
knowledge of how a congressional office works, why the U.S. House of
Representatives is important, and how the federal government functions overall.
It is also important for the interns to leave with a staff-approved resume and
writing sample.
An intern's main responsibility will be leading tours of the Capitol for
constituents, answering the phones, helping research legislation, and assisting
staff with miscellaneous tasks as needed.

Page 9 of 16

All interns will be paid, have the opportunity to receive course credit, and must
be able to commit to at least 20 hours a week.
Applications will be evaluated on a rolling basis.
To apply, send your resume, a cover letter, two references, and a short writing
sample (less than 500 words) to Halpin.Burke@mail.house.gov. Please send all
application materials as one PDF document with the subject line:
“[Last Name, First Name]- Spring 2023 Internship”
Individuals must be eligible to be paid by the United States Government to
qualify for this internship, this includes meeting employment eligibility
requirements for the U.S. House of Representatives
(see www.house.gov/employment for more) and ability to present proof of valid
work authorization in accordance with the Immigration Reform Act of 1986.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity and expression, marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, or any
other characteristic protected by applicable law.
MEM-099-23

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) D.C. office seeks interns for the
upcoming Summer 2023 semester.
The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is
committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This
position demands the ability to multi-task, strong organizational skills and must
work cooperatively and courteously with others in a shared space.
Duties include: attending hearings and briefings on behalf of the Congresswoman
and legislative staffers, working directly with the communications team on press
strategies, answering telephones, compiling daily press clips relevant to the
office’s priorities, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
administrative assistance to the D.C. staff.
Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties
a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants
should submit the below application with a resume and cover letter in a single
PDF file. Cover letter should detail reasons for applying to the position. A stipend
will be given to accepted applicants.
Deadline to apply by is Friday, March 17, 2023 by COB (5pm).
To apply, please visit: https://frankel.house.gov/constituentservices/internships.htm

Page 10 of 16

If you have any questions please feel free to contact me via email
at amaris.graham@mail.house.gov
MEM-095-23

The Office of Congresswoman Grace F. Napolitano (D-CA) is seeking candidates
for a paid Summer internship in our Washington D.C. office.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communication skills,
eager to learn, detail oriented, and passionate about public service.
Responsibilities include:
- Answering phones
- Writing letters to constituents on a variety of policy topics
- Assisting constituents with matters related to federal agencies
- Researching legislation for the Member and the staff
- Attending hearings and briefings
The ideal candidate will be available June, July and possibly August and can
work from 9am – 6pm ET when Congress is in session and from 9am – 5pm ET
when Congress is not in session. District ties and California ties are strongly
preferred.
To apply for an internship please email Sam.Schiller@mail.house.gov by
midnight on March 10th, 2022, with a resume and cover letter in a single PDF
file. Please have your email subject line read “Summer Internship Application –
(First Name, Last Name).”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-093-23

Position: Rep. David Rouzer (NC-07) is seeking paid, in-person interns for his
Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2023
Description: As an integral part of the team, interns contribute to the daily
operations of the office. Daily tasks will include assisting the legislative and
communication departments, constituent correspondence, conducting U.S.
Capitol Tours, and various designated projects.
Ideal candidates should possess strong interpersonal communication skills,
excellent writing skills, and a strong work ethic. The ability to keep a positive
attitude in a fast-paced everchanging work environment is a must.
Interested applicants should send their resume and a writing sample
to nc07internship@gmail.com. Please indicate in the email subject line that
you’re applying for a Spring internship and format your attached files as [Full
Page 11 of 16

Name_Resume], [Full Name_WritingSample].
Looking for interns to start immediately. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis until positions are filled.
Email to send resume (and other items if requested)
to: nc07internship@gmail.com
MEM-080-23

The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly
motivated, proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications
team.
Applicants must be available to begin as soon as possible. Qualified candidates
will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay attention to detail, be
responsive and punctual, and have solid writing and editing skills. Preferred
applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and are willing to perform and
follow through on a wide variety of tasks. A monthly stipend is available.
•Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
•Position can be virtual, in person, or hybrid
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and
Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Photoshop or Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Drafting short newsletters
*Editing written materials, such as newsletters or press releases
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should please send resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples,
and a graphic sample (if applicable)
to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com.

MEM-079-23

Congressman Cory Mills’ (FL-07) Washington, D.C. office is currently seeking
qualified individuals to serve in his Washington, D.C. office for the Spring of
2023.
Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office, while gaining
firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading
Capitol tours , answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with
legislative projects, and attending briefings and hearings. We are hoping to have
the intern start immediately with full time availability.
Please send resumes to Jaylene.kennedy@mail.house.gov.

Page 12 of 16

MEM-067-23

The office of Congressman Morgan Luttrell (TX – 08) is seeking full-time and
part-time Spring 2023 interns in his Washington D.C. Office.
A qualified candidate should possess strong written and oral communication
skills and a demonstrated interest in public service. Interns will be expected to
fulfill the regular duties of a Congressional intern and may also receive
opportunities to assist the Legislative and Communications Staff. As a result,
interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
Congressional office. The office hours run from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to Landry.Cunningham@mail.house.gov.

MEM-065-23

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Summer 2023.
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
*Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
*Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 20 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District. The deadline to submit applications is March 24, 2023, at
11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 13 of 16

MEM-059-23

Republican Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is seeking paid, in-person
interns for his Washington, DC office for the Summer 2023 term.
Functioning as a key part of the staff, our interns help draft constituent
correspondence, memos, and press releases, research legislation, take phone calls,
and assist with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or
recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fastpaced setting.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. California ties are preferred, but not required and academic credit is
available for qualifying students.
Interested applicants should email their resume, cover letter, and dates of
availability to savannah.coughlin@mail.house.gov with “Summer 2023
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-057-23

The office of Congressman Emanuel Cleaver, II (D-MO) is accepting
applications for a paid in-person summer internship. Current college students
and recent college graduates are welcome to apply.
Responsibilities include sorting constituent mail, answering the phones, attending
hearings and briefings, leading tours, drafting constituent response letters, and
assisting the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have strong written and interpersonal skills, a positive
work ethic, and the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
The ideal candidate can work a full-time schedule and begin in May. Kansas City
and Missouri ties are a plus.
The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and a one-page writing sample in
a single pdf to MO5internships@mail.house.gov with “Cleaver Internship
Summer 2023” as the subject line. Additionally, candidates must include their
intended start and end date in their cover letter. Applications are accepted on a
rolling basis until Wednesday, March 15th. Please, no phone calls, faxes, or dropins.

MEM-054-23

Summer Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Summer 2022. The internship is in-person and will run
Page 14 of 16

from late May to early August. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Summer 2022 Internship” to Jerome.Vainisi1@mail.house.gov, or by
applying through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships
MEM-008-23

Republican Congressman Pat Fallon (TX-04) currently seeks full-time interns
for a paid internship in his Washington D.C. office for the Spring 2023 and
Summer 2023 semesters. Current college students and recent graduates are
welcome to apply.
Intern responsibilities will include answering and logging constituent phone calls,
drafting correspondence, and assisting staff with legislative research and
administrative duties.
The ideal candidate should be interested in public policy, politics, and
government and is willing to learn more about the legislative process to serve the
constituents of Texas’s 4th Congressional District. Candidates with strong writing
and communication skills are encouraged to apply and must be ready to work in a
rapid environment. Texas ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter
to randy.mai1@mail.house.gov.

MEM-597-22

House Democrat seeks a paid Legislative Fellow to assist senior legislative staff
with a wide variety of legislative topics and tasks. The Legislative Fellow will
gain experience in preparing for committee hearings and markups; developing
and advancing legislation; drafting speeches; and meeting with constituents and
other stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will possess superb written and oral communication skills;
have some policy experience; and will enjoy collaborating with others in a fastpaced environment.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

Page 15 of 16

Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to housedemjobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Fellow” in the subject line.

Page 16 of 16

