________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 14, 2015

MEM-442-15

California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the Spring 2016
internship session. Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips,
assist with front office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and
conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a
congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical
thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications and writing skills
are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not required. Please submit
a cover letter, brief writing sample, and resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-441-15

The Washington office of Rep. Mark Sanford (SC-01) seeks applicants for
fulltime, unpaid, internships to begin immediately. Applicants should possess
strong writing skills, be well organized, generally knowledgeable of legislative
and related issues, able to complete tasks as directed, and have an eye for detail.
Main duties include answering telephones, logging constituent calls, giving tours
of the Capitol to visitors, opening and sorting mail, and assisting with other
administrative tasks. Interns will have many opportunities to take on additional
responsibilities within the office, at the discretion of staff. Anyone interested
should send a resume and cover letter to SC01InternApplicants@mail.house.gov.
Page 1 of 31

MEM-439-15

Florida Democrat is seeking a full-time, unpaid press intern for the Washington,
D.C. office, starting immediately. The ideal candidate is detail-oriented,
motivated, and able to multi-task efficiently. Applicants should possess strong
written and oral communication skills. Preference will be given to candidates
with Florida ties and those who speak Spanish.
Daily responsibilities may include:
• Updating website content;
• Compiling daily press clips;
• Video filming and editing;
• Conducting research projects;
• Drafting press materials (including e-newsletters, background information, and
press releases);
• Assisting with press events; and
• Transcribing interviews
This is an excellent opportunity for a candidate to gain substantive press
experience with an extremely active Member. Please email a one-page writing
sample, résumé, and cover letter (all in .PDF format) addressing prior press
experience or interests, to DCInternships.Grayson@mail.house.gov. Please use
“Press Intern Application” in the subject line.

MEM-437-15

Congressman Fincher is currently seeking motivated college students to serve as
interns for the 2016 Spring semester in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern
responsibilities include: assisting the staff with general office duties, attending
briefings and hearings, answering phones, sorting mail, giving Capitol tours, and
performing various other tasks based on ability and interests. Applicants must
possess strong communication skills, have a positive attitude and be wellorganized. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
TN08.Intern@mail.house.gov. Tennessee ties preferred.

MEM-436-15

Congressman Perlmutter offers internships throughout the fall, spring and
summer semesters for high school or college students. Students have the
opportunity to learn about the inner workings of a congressional office to
supplement their related course work. Students must receive some form of
academic credit for their internship. Interns are responsible for working with their
academic department and advisors to receive credit and comply with all other
internship guidelines set by their educational institution.
Please submit a cover letter and resume if you are interested in an internship to
Julia.harrington@mail.house.govif you would like to intern in our DC office.
In Washington, the hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course
schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session,
and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Interns' responsibilities will vary
Page 2 of 31

from day to day. They will be asked to research legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings answer phones, and help with
constituent communications on various issues before the House. As a result,
interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. If you would like more information on Congressional
Internships in Washington, DC, please contact Julia Harrington at
Julia.Harrington@mail.house.gov.
MEM-435-15

Washington, D.C. — The House Democratic Caucus is looking for a full-time press
intern for the spring semester with availability, beginning in
January 2016. Responsibilities include assisting with press clips, video production and
editing, graphic design, tracking metrics, transcribing interviews and supporting team
projects. Applicants should be self-starters, motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent
verbal and written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multitask.
Experience in Adobe Suite or other design software and proficiency in Spanish highly
preferred. Experience and interest in press operations and the congressional process is a
plus. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students or Congressional internship program
participants. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter detailing
availability to Miranda.Margowsky@mail.house.gov.

MEM-434-15

The office of Congressman Jim Costa is seeking interns who are interested in
gaining hands-on experience in a congressional office. In our Washington office,
internships allow individuals to actively observe the legislative process while
participating in the administrative operations of a congressional office. Intern
responsibilities include attending hearings, researching legislative issues,
responding to constituent inquiries, processing tour and flag requests, opening
and routing incoming mail, giving tours of the Capitol, and performing general
office duties.
Please email a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Resumes.CostaInterns@mail.house.gov.

MEM-433-15

Florida Democrat is seeking interns for the Washington, D.C. office for the
Spring 2016 semester. Candidates should be motivated, enthusiastic, and possess
strong interpersonal skills. The internship will provide exposure to all areas of a
legislative office. Interns will be responsible for assisting the team with phones,
tour and flag requests, and other related front office duties. Additional tasks may
include drafting constituent correspondence, research projects, and attending
briefings and hearings. This is a great opportunity for individuals who are
interested in learning about the workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative
process in a busy office. Please email a cover letter and résumé in .PDF format to
DCInternships.Grayson@mail.house.gov. In your message, indicate your
specific full-time OR part-time availability with your anticipated starting and
ending dates.

MEM-432-15

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
Page 3 of 31

join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this spring.
Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the
legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties.
Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are
strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-431-15

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid full-time press intern
with exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring
interesting and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks
as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and two writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject
“Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-429-15

Congresswoman Esty’s Washington, D.C. office is currently seeking unpaid
interns for spring 2015 where interns will gain valuable exposure to and
knowledge of the legislative process, communications, and the United States
Congress.
Duties include:

Drafting constituent correspondence

Greeting constituents and answering phones

Drafting social media posts and press releases

Performing legislative research

Leading tours of the Capitol

Attending policy briefings and meetings

Conducting research and additional tasks to assist the
communications team
Qualifications: An ardent desire to help others is required. We are seeking hardworking and detail-oriented college students with outstanding communication
and time management skills. Applicants should have an ability to work in a fastpaced environment, have basic computer skills, possess excellent writing skills,
and have an enthusiastic attitude. Interns are accepted throughout the year on both
a full and part-time (at least 15 hours/week) basis. District ties preferred but not
required.
To apply for an internship in the DC office, please submit a cover letter, resume,
and a brief writing sample to Conor.Douglass@mail.house.gov. If you have any

Page 4 of 31

questions, please contact Conor Douglass at (202) 225-4476.
We are currently accepting spring 2015 internship applications. The deadline to
apply is December 23, 2015.
Internships are available expressly for the purpose of furthering educational
objectives; therefore they are unpaid and usually awarded to those enrolled in
accredited educational institutions.
Thank you for your interest. We welcome your participation and look forward to
receiving your application.
MEM-428-15

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a full- or parttime press intern for our Washington, D.C. office for the spring semester
(January-May 2016). Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and
written communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about press
operations, the political process, and congressional affairs. The intern will assist
in the day-to-day operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting
members of staff with press clips and constituent communication and will help to
draft press releases, prep memos, and social media posts, in addition to assisting
with legislative research and administrative activities. Hawaii ties are appreciated
but not necessary. Please note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates
should send a resume, writing sample, and cover letter detailing availability to
our intern coordinator, Andres Chovil, at Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No
calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-427-15

Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks applicants for a part time/full time
unpaid internship for the winter/spring of 2015. Responsibilities include, but
aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program,
providing constituent tours, attending various briefings, and providing research
for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills,
strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working
environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to Alex.Dominguez@mail.house.gov. Ohio
candidates are strongly preferred.

MEM-426-15

Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his Leadership
office. Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) transcribing videos,
collecting press clips, live-streaming briefings, supporting the Operations team in
preparing Caucus events, answering phones, providing constituency outreach
support to Democratic Members of Congress and their staff, conducting research,
extracting and formatting large quantities of data, writing detailed memos,
attending relevant briefings and meetings, and assisting with team projects.
Applicants should be motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and
written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multi-task.
Experience or interest in social media is a plus. Women and minorities are
Page 5 of 31

strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic credit or
congressional internship/fellowship program participants. The intern should be
prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please send a cover
letter and resume to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-425-15

The Office of Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster (NH-02) is seeking qualified
candidates to intern full time and part time in our Washington, D.C. office.
Interns will have a chance to experience first-hand the operations of a U.S.
Congressional office, learn about the legislative process, and gain Capitol Hill
experience.
Responsibilities include administrative tasks such as answering phones,
welcoming guests, and leading constituent tours. In addition, interns will be
required to conduct legislative research, draft constituent correspondence and
vote recommendations, attend briefings and hearings, and other projects as
needed.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to the Northeast—especially New
Hampshire—are preferred, but not required.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter,
resume, writing sample, and references to NH02.Internship@mail.house.gov.
Please include “Last Name, First Name - Internship Application” in the subject
line and include your available start and end dates and weekly schedule in the
email.

MEM-424-15

Nevada Republican seeks a legislative intern for January 2016 and/or Spring
2016. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable
exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States
Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours,
and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with correspondence, as
well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, receptions, and press
events.
Our office is looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as
well as part of a team environment. Applicants should have working knowledge
of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to do assist with daily
Page 6 of 31

office tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00am6:00pm). Students welcome to apply. Those interested please send cover letter,
updated resume, and references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.
MEM-423-15

Nevada Republican seeks an unpaid communications intern for January 2016
and/or Spring 2016. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the communications process and the
United States Congress. Communication intern responsibilities include tracking
and reporting on social media and news story comments, drafting social media
posts, establishing and managing a twitter account, and reaching out to
local/national reporters on social media. Interns will also have the opportunity to
attend events and committee meetings to take photos and videos, work with the
communications director to put press releases on the website, and assist with
writing projects at the discretion of the communications director. Interns will
also help facilitate our constituent communications program and guide
constituents on tours of the US Capitol building.
Our office seeks an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently
and as a member of a team environment. Applicants must have a working
knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist
with daily communication tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00 am6:00 pm) with the option of working full-time, spring semester beginning in
January. Students are welcome to apply. If interested, please send a cover letter,
updated resume, sample of a social media post for a congressperson, and
references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.

MEM-422-15

Congresswoman Candice S. Miller (R-MI) seeks legislative interns for the
Spring 2016 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the
United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents,
managing constituent phone calls, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with
constituent correspondence, and attend legislative briefings, congressional
hearings, receptions, and press events.
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information
with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team
environment, and possess a strong attention to detail. Applicants should have
working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness
Page 7 of 31

to perform a variety of tasks and administrative functions. Michigan ties are
preferred, but not required. To apply, please send cover letter and resume to
mi10intern@gmail.com.
MEM-421-15

Rep. Charles Rangel's Office seeks self-motivated and professional college
students or recent college graduates for a part-time or full-time spring internship,
from January to May 2016. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
answering phones, leading Capitol tours, conducting research on various
legislative issues, attending hearings, preparing follow-up memos, processing
constituent correspondence mail and other administrative duties. This internship
presents an opportunity for both a unique learning experience and an inside look
at the political process.
Applicants must be hard-working, have strong writing and communication skills
and have a demonstrated interest in public policy. This is an unpaid internship.
New York ties a plus. Please send a resume, cover letter, a 2-3 page academic
writing sample to CBR.intern13@mail.house.gov and a fill out the intern
application found here.

MEM-420-15

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns to fill winter/spring positions. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful
candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. California
ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter and dates of availability to
Austin.Laufersweiler@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-416-15

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) DC office seeks interns for the Spring
semester, from January to May 2016. The position requires a high deal of
professionalism and efficiency, as well as strong writing and communication
skills. The ideal candidate is organized, diligent, and positive. Duties include:
answering telephone calls, responding to general constituent inquiries and
requests for tours, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
administrative assistance to the legislative staff. Undergraduate students or recent
college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are
encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to: olivia.hodge@mail.house.gov. Please include your availability in your cover
letter.

MEM-415-15

The Office of Congressman Sam Graves (MO-06) is currently accepting
applications for his Spring 2016 internship program in his Washington, D.C.
office. The office is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated,
detail-oriented, and personable.
Page 8 of 31

Ideal candidates must be able to multi-task, have outstanding oral and written
communication skills, and a desire to learn about the legislative process. Interns
will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the
different career opportunities, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities
will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with
constituent correspondence, and supporting the staff on various projects. Missouri
or Midwestern ties are preferred. Interested candidates should email a resume and
cover letter to Abigail.Camp@mail.house.gov.
MEM-414-15

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for Spring of 2016. Ideal
candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional.
Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the
media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media
and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide
professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing
interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of
their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged
to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
No phone calls, please.

MEM-413-15

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking full-time
interns for her Washington D.C. office for Spring of 2016. Ideal candidate would
be professional, dependable and possess strong writing skills and work ethic.
Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent correspondence, Capitol
tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide
professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing
interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of
their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment
and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
No phone calls, please.

MEM-412-15

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
seeking paid and unpaid interns for the spring starting in January. Interns are
asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups.
Interns will work on substantive research projects and press matters.
Additionally, interns are critical to the daily operation of the office including
tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Page 9 of 31

Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the application
provided and send in a resume.
MEM-411-15

Minnesota Democrat seeks intern applicants for the Washington, D.C. office
during the 2016 spring semester. Interns should expect to primarily assist with
front office operations, but will also get opportunities to conduct legislative
research, and obtain first-hand and comprehensive knowledge of the day-to-day
operations of a Congressional office.
Interns will assist staff with front office duties, including sorting mail, answering
telephones, data entry, and list building tasks. Assist legislative and
communications staff on projects as needed. Perform research, attend briefings,
and assist with constituent correspondence. Greet visitors, conduct tours of the
Capitol, and other assignments as needed.
Candidates should demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills
and have a good understanding of the legislative process. Qualified applicants
will be organized, dependable, able to multi-task, willing and quick to learn, able
to work in a fast-paced environment and have a good sense of humor.
Internships are unpaid, but we are happy to work with your College or University
to receive academic credit for your internship.
Minnesota ties and full-time availability are preferred, but not necessary.
To apply, please submit a resume and cover letter here.

MEM-410-15

Congressman Gus Bilirakis (FL-12) seeks applicants for full and part-time
internships in his Washington, D.C. office for the spring semester. Washington,
D.C., interns are responsible for assisting staff with day-to-day functions within
the D.C. office, including but not limited to constituent correspondence and
legislative research. They may also assist constituents in their visits to
Washington, D.C., providing tours of the U.S. Capitol. The ideal candidate will
be a college student or recent graduate who is motivated, possesses strong writing
and organizational skills and is willing to jump in wherever needed with a
positive attitude. A congressional internship provides unparalleled value and
insight into the workings of a Capitol Hill office and the legislative process, as
well as networking opportunities and exposure to important issues before
Congress. While the internship is unpaid, college credit is available. Both parttime and full-time applicants will be considered. Florida ties preferred, but not
required. To apply, please email a current resume, cover letter, and writing
sample (500 words) with the subject line “Spring Internship” to
FL12Resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-409-15

Congressman Vern Buchanan (R-FL-16) has full-time and part-time, unpaid
internships available for the spring session (December - May) in his
Page 10 of 31

Washington, DC office. Duties include but are not limited to answering
telephones, greeting visitors, conducting tours of the Capitol, researching
legislative issues and writing letters. There will also be opportunities to
experience Washington DC and attend briefings, classes and hearings.
Qualified candidates should possess excellent organizational and communication
skills, should have a positive attitude, and a strong work ethic. Although
internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for
students to receive credit at their respective college or university.
All interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
sheila.heiman@mail.house.gov with “2015 Spring Internship” in the subject line.
Include in your cover letter why you would like to intern for Congressman
Buchanan’s Washington Office, why you believe you are qualified, and your
availability. Potential candidates will be contacted via email.
MEM-408-15

The Office of Congressman Raul Ruiz (CA-36) seeks highly-motivated, qualified
interns with excellent research and communication abilities to join his District
offices in Palm Desert and Hemet, California as part of the Spring 2016
Congressional Internship Program. Although congressional interns are unpaid
they are considered an integral part of the office and are given an opportunity to
expand their knowledge about public policy and the legislative process.
Congressional intern responsibilities may include, but are not limited to,
conducting research for staff members, assisting staff at community or public
events, attending meetings, transcribing documents, and providing general
constituent services in the form of answering phone calls. Congressman Ruiz’s
internship program also features staff-lead workshops designed to develop
essential and professional skill that students may apply in any setting.
Students interested in applying for a congressional internship in one of the offices
of Congressman Raul Ruiz have the opportunity to apply to the Spring 2016
session. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. Prospective interns
should complete an internship application (available here:
https://ruiz.house.gov/services/internships), attach their resume, and submit to
Tony Aguilar at tony.aguilar@mail.house.gov

MEM-407-15

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is seeking full or part-time
winter/spring interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess
conservative values and hold strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings, leading Capitol tours,
answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research.
While this is an unpaid internship, we are happy to work with current students
looking to receive college credit for their internship. Recent graduates are
welcome to apply. Interested applicants should send their resume and availability
Page 11 of 31

to Rachel.Long@mail.house.gov. Please use “2016 McClintock Internship” in the
subject line. No phone calls, drop-ins, or faxes, please.
MEM-406-15

The Office of Congresswoman Susan W. Brooks (IN-05) is seeking full-time and
part-time interns in her Washington, D.C. office. The internship would take
place over the Spring term, beginning in January and lasting through May (start
and end dates flexible). The office is looking for both legislative and press
interns. Legislative responsibilities include researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, answering constituent letters on various issues
before the House, and leading U.S. Capitol tours. Press responsibilities include
assisting the communications director with gathering news clips, drafting
releases, and maintain social media. Interns will also partake in administrative
duties such as answering phones and maintaining the office’s constituent
database. Candidates should be motivated and have a desire to learn about the
legislative process. Strong verbal and interpersonal skills required. Indiana ties
preferred, but not required. If interested, please submit an application on our
website, susanwbrooks.house.gov. Please refer to the “services” tab, click on
internships, and submit your application. In the comments section, please indicate
whether you are interested in legislative, press, or both. Any questions can be
directed to mimi.strobel@mail.house.gov.

MEM-405-15

The Office of Majority Whip Steve Scalise (LA-01) is seeking interns for Winter
and Spring. Interns will be placed on a rotational program through both the
leadership and personal offices of Congressman Scalise. Previous Hill internship
experience and/or Louisiana ties are preferred, but not required. Please send any
resumes and cover letters to John Woodard at John.Woodard@mail.house.gov.

MEM-404-15

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill winter/spring internship
positions. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting
legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and
congressional affairs. Spanish-fluency, California ties, and full-week availability
are all plusses. Please send a résumé, cover letter, a short writing sample (no
longer than one page), and dates of availability to jhostyn.duval@mail.house.gov
with “Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-403-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) is seeking
enthusiastic and motivated interns for Spring 2016.
The ideal candidates will interact well with constituents, be able to multitask, and
have a strong interest in public service. Excellent research and writing skills are
crucial. Arizona ties are a plus, but not required.
Page 12 of 31

Interns will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and
learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities
include answering the phone, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with
constituent correspondence, and attending briefings and hearings. Internships are
unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms for students to receive
academic credit.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and a 2-5 page writing
sample to AZ07Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Name—
Spring Internship Application.” Cover letters should include the applicant's
anticipated availability for the duration of the internship; writing samples may be
excerpts of larger works. Interns will begin early to mid-January, depending on
their availability, and end in mid-May. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, and qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview.
MEM-400-15

Senior Democratic Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-30) seeks highly motivated,
full and part-time interns for Spring 2016. Interns are responsible for both
administrative and legislative duties. Legislative support includes preparing
materials for hearings, attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies
and congressional offices, and researching legislation for the Member and
Legislative Staff. Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting
visitors, leading tours and sorting mail.
Candidates should be professional, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, have the ability to multitask, and have a good sense of
humor. Ties to California’s 30th Congressional District are a plus but not
required. Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter and resume to
brads.interns@mail.house.gov with “CA-30 Internship” as the subject.

MEM-399-15

The Office of Rep. Scott Rigell (VA-02) is seeking politically Conservative
unpaid Spring 2016 interns in their Washington, DC, office to begin in
December/ January through May. The Office seeks an outgoing, enthusiastic
person with at least 3 days/week availability who would like experience working
in a Congressional Office. Virginia ties are a plus but not required. Interested
persons should submit resume to Julie.Moorhead@mail.house.gov.

MEM-396-15

The Office of Congressman Sam Farr (D-CA) is looking to hire full and part-time
unpaid Legislative Interns to work in our Washington, DC office. The internship
will begin Jana and go through March. You’ll be responsible for attending
hearings and briefings, providing administrative support, guiding Capitol tours,
conducting legislative research, drafting correspondence and a variety of policy
related projects to assist legislative staffers. Excellent time management skills, a
healthy sense of humor, creativity and a strong commitment to teamwork are
qualities we’re looking for. CA ties a plus, but not required.
If you’d like to be considered for a Legislative Internship position, please send a
Page 13 of 31

cover letter with your availability and resume to
Dushani.desilva@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Intern Application” in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Please no phone
calls.
MEM-395-15

Congressman Lloyd Doggett (D-TX) is seeking Internship applicants for his
Washington, DC office for Spring 2016. These positions offer a unique
opportunity to help respond to individuals who need help with a federal problem,
and to learn about broader community and national concerns. Interns assist staff
with constituent services and legislative research. If you are interested in
interning, email Lloyd.Doggett@mail.house.gov with your resume and three
references, a writing sample, and advise when you would be available.
Candidates should have a strong work ethic and a positive attitude. Texas ties and
Spanish skills a plus.

MEM-394-15

The Office of Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14) is seeking full and part-time interns for
the Winter/Spring 2016 semester in its Washington D.C. office. Applicants
should possess strong written and verbal communication skills and a strong work
ethic. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting the staff with
general office duties, answering phones, responding to constituent mail,
researching legislative issues, leading Capitol Hill tours, and attending briefings
and hearings. Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any
necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or
university. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to Ryan
Diffley at Ryan.Diffley@mail.house.gov. State ties preferred, but not required.

MEM-393-15

The Office of Congressman David N. Cicilline (D-RI) is seeking full-time and
part-time interns for the 2016 Spring semester (January – May) in its
Washington, D.C. location.
The ideal candidate will have excellent research and writing skills, be able to
multi-task, and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity
to gain experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process,
and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include answering the phone,
guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and
supporting the legislative and communications staff on various projects.
Internships are unpaid, but both full-time and part-time positions are available.
Hours are 9-6 when Congress is in session, and 9-5 out of session. To apply,
please visit https://cicilline.house.gov/serving-you/internships or email
Annika.Lichtenbaum@mail.house.gov with a resume and one-page writing
sample.

MEM-392-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Luis V. Gutiérrez (IL-04) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill internship positions in the
Spring of 2016.
Page 14 of 31

Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting Capitol Tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting
legislative research and performing other administrative tasks.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast paced
environment, an eagerness to learn about the legislative process, as well as a
minimum four day per week availability. Spanish-fluency and Illinois ties are a
plus. Internships are unpaid.
Please send a résumé, cover letter, and dates of availability to
gutierrezopportunities@gmail.com with “Intern Spring 2016” in the subject line.
MEM-391-15

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks
qualified graduate and undergraduate interns for the spring 2016 semester. An
internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of their internship, interns will assist
staff with administrative tasks such as answering phones, organizing documents,
and running errands around the Capitol complex. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to perform legislative research, shadow staff at hearings, and
assist in drafting letters and memos on subjects within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two
references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.

MEM-390-15

The Office of Congressman Michael Capuano (D-MA) is looking for full-time
interns to aid our administrative and legislative teams. Responsibilities include:
researching legislative issues, attending legislative hearings, answering phone
calls, processing constituent mail, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, and assisting
in any other special projects/tasks that may arise. Applicants should be selfmotivated, reliable, hardworking, and have strong communication skills.
Massachusetts ties preferred, but not required.
Winter internships start in January and run through the end of April/May.
Internships are unpaid, but academic credit is available.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a one-page writing
sample in PDF format to eliza.ramirez@mail.house.gov.

MEM-389-15

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Donovan (NY-11) is seeking
applications for full- or part-time, unpaid interns for the Spring semester.
Applicants must be willing to work at least two full days a week. Interns will be
responsible for answering phones, talking with constituents, scheduling and
giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending briefings and hearings for legislative
Page 15 of 31

staff, and supporting the office with any additional duties. Interested candidates
should email a current resume, cover letter, and a list of three references, with the
subject line “Spring Internship” to NY11Resumes@mail.house.gov.
MEM-388-15

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as
recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its
Winter/Spring 2016 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns
will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member
services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support.
Please note that this is not a paid internship. Interested applicants should send a
cover letter, resume, and available hours to CHADem.Intern@mail.house.gov
with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship."

MEM-387-15

The Office of Congressman Curt Clawson (R-FL) is seeking full-time and parttime interns for the 2016 Spring semester (January – May) in its Washington,
D.C. location.
The ideal candidate will have excellent research and writing skills, be able to
multi-task, and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity
to gain experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process,
and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include answering the phone,
guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and
supporting the legislative and communications staff on various projects.
Internships are unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms for students
to receive academic credit. Full-time and part-time positions are available, and
hours are 8:30 – 5:30 on available days. Please contact
Alex.Krueger@mail.house.gov with a resume and one-page writing sample to
apply.

MEM-385-15

Congressman Ted W. Lieu’s internship program offers college students a unique
opportunity to learn about the functions of the U.S. House of Representatives, as
well as the Congressman’s work as the representative of CA-33, which includes
parts of Los Angeles, the West Side, and the South Bay.
An internship with Congressman Lieu presents a variety of opportunities to
participate in the daily operations of a Congressional District Office.
General intern responsibilities include:
Answering telephones, data entry, responding to constituent requests, assisting
with special projects such as legislative research, assisting with constituent
casework, and other miscellaneous tasks, as required.
Page 16 of 31

In the busy atmosphere of a Congressional office, it is imperative that interns
conduct themselves in a mature, professional manner, are well organized, able to
take initiative, follow instructions, perform well under pressure, and work as an
integral part of a team.
Skills required include:
Effective and professional phone manner, computer experience, good typing
ability, punctuality, attention to detail, ability to follow instructions, ability to
complete tasks efficiently and thoroughly, maturity, empathy, professionalism,
and discretion.
This internship is unpaid. Congressman Lieu supports students requesting credit
for their internship through their school or university. The deadlines for each
internship sessions are as follows: Spring- December 11th, Summer- April 1st,
Fall- August 5th. Preference will be given to residents of CA-33.
Please note that because of the competitive nature of the internship program,
internship positions are available to college students only. Part time and full time
internships are available.
If you would like to apply for our internship program please send your resume,
cover letter, and writing sample to internship.lieu@mail.house.gov with your
name and the term in the subject line. If you have any questions regarding the
application, please contact the Intern Coordinator, Ashley Fumiko Dominguez at
internship.lieu@mail.house.gov or 323-651-1040.
Congressman Ted W. Lieu serves on the House Committees on the Budget and
Oversight & Government Reform. He is also the Democratic Freshman Class
President and a Lieutenant Colonel in the Air Force Reserves.
MEM-384-15

Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D), member of the House Energy and
Commerce Committee, is currently hiring spring interns for his Washington,
D.C. office. Interns are responsible for answering phones, sorting mail and faxes,
giving tours of the Capitol, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Other
tasks may include attending briefings and hearings, letter writing, and assisting
press staff. Intern candidates should be current or recent college students,
regardless of major. To apply please email your cover letter, resume, a short
writing sample and a letter of recommendation to
LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-378-15

Congressman Coffman (R-CO) seeks hard-working, enthusiastic legislative
interns for the Spring 2016 semester in his Washington, DC office. Interns are
responsible for: giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering constituent calls,
sorting constituent correspondence, assisting legislative staff with research and
writing, processing U.S. flag requests, attending Congressional briefings and
hearings, and attending events with the Congressman as necessary. Applicants
Page 17 of 31

should have strong written and oral communication skills, exceptional
interpersonal skills, and have demonstrable interest in public policy and
government. Attractive applicants will have completed at least 60 credit hours of
undergraduate coursework. Those with Colorado ties and professional
proficiency in Spanish are encouraged to apply. Applicants should be aware that
this is an unpaid internship that tentatively lasts from January through May 2016.
To apply, please visit: http://coffman.house.gov/services/internships.
MEM-376-15

Intern needed to start immediately. Remainder of Fall 2015 & Spring 2016
We are seeking energetic and proficient interns in the Washington, D.C. office of
Congresswoman Corrine Brown (FL05). An internship in Congresswoman
Brown’s office will provide valuable experience to students as they prepare for
their professional careers.
Interns have the opportunity to work with and assist all members of the staff,
including legislative, administrative, outreach and press duties. Washington, DC
interns will be encouraged to take advantage of the many hearings, workshops
and seminars that are held on Capitol Hill.
In addition, we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for
academic credit. Applicants should be highly motivated and enthusiastic selfstarters.
Responsibilities include:
• Supporting administrative staff: answering phones, database entry, and sorting
mail.
• Supporting legislative staff: tracking constituent correspondence, drafting
letters, and conducting research.
• Attending briefings and hearings for legislative staff.
• Compiling Social Media Post.
• Promoting constituent outreach efforts by communicating with constituents and
constituent groups, attending meetings and events, and drafting correspondence.
Application process: Applicants should send a cover letter, availability and a
resume. Those interested in a Washington, DC internship should email
Brown.Website@mail.house.gov.

MEM-374-15

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a fulltime or part-time intern for the Spring of 2016. This is an opportunity to learn
about the inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced
work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting
events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities will include,
but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the
Capitol, conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing
tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and
Page 18 of 31

courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the legislative and governmental
process. To apply, please send a resume, three references, writing sample, and
cover letter to william.washington@mail.house.gov, with the subject ‘Norton
Internship.’ No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-373-15

The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Buddy Carter (GA-01) is
currently seeking applicants for the fall semester. Internships are available to
qualified college students seeking college credit or recent college graduates.
Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to
participants as well as an understanding of our federal legislative process.
Georgia ties are preferred, but they are not required. Responsibilities include but
are not limited to: providing tours of the Capitol, answering phones, helping staff
process constituents’ mail and inquiries. Other responsibilities may include
assisting staff with legislative research, writing meeting briefings, and attending
committee hearings. Candidates should possess an interest in the legislative
process, strong communication skills, along with organizational skills. If you are
interested in being considered for an internship, please send your resume, cover
letter, and any relevant writing samples to Hart.Thompson@mail.house.gov. No
drop-ins please.

MEM-371-15

The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Republican Staff is currently
seeking interns for Spring 2016 (available to start in January).
Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and
media work. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to, legislative
research, assembling information, assisting staff during hearing and markup
preparation and execution, and attending hearings, markups, briefings and
meetings. Media work may include assisting staff to organize and staff
Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news
clips relating to Committee’s issues. Undergraduate Interns are also trained to
perform administrative duties, such as answering phones, and sorting and
distributing mail.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter and resume to Brian Corcoran
at brian.corcoran@mail.house.gov.

MEM-370-15

Democratic Member of Congress seeks full-time or part-time unpaid
Congressional interns to begin immediately. The responsibilities of a
Congressional intern primarily focus on helping the Congressman communicate
with his 700,000-plus constituents. Interns will assist the team with phones, mail,
tours of the U.S. Capitol Building, and related front office duties. Additional
tasks, including drafting correspondence, research projects, and attending
hearings may be assigned on a case by case basis.
Candidates should possess excellent communication skills (both verbal and
Page 19 of 31

written) and an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress.
Ideal candidates are positive, energetic, and eager to assist with the legislative
and administrative needs of the staff. West Coast ties are preferred. Please send a
resume, cover letter, and writing sample to andy.hackbarth@mail.house.gov.
MEM-369-15

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks late fall/winter interns for her
Washington, D.C. office. Interns will work in a fast-paced and fun congressional
office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Additionally, interns will have the
opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
briefings for the legislative staff. The ideal candidates will possess exceptional
written and oral communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well
as a strong interest in public service. Prospective interns should be able to commit
at least 16 hours per week. Washington state ties are a plus, but are not required.
Interested applicants should send a current resume and cover letter to
Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.

MEM-366-15

The Office of Rep. Rich Nugent (R-FL-11) is seeking a highly motivated intern
for its office in Washington, DC. Successful candidates will be organized, hardworking, and detail-oriented. Intern will be responsible for assisting staff with
legislative and administrative duties such as greeting visitors, drafting constituent
correspondence, answering phones, and leading Capitol tours. Intern will also
have opportunities to attend staff briefings and committee hearings to gain
firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. The position is unpaid, and the
intern is responsible for finding housing in the DC area. Florida ties preferred. If
interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and available dates to
fl11internship@gmail.com. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-365-15

The office of Congressman Marlin Stutzman is seeking an unpaid intern in the
Washington, D.C. office for the 2016 spring semester. Responsibilities will
include but are not limited to: answering phones, sorting constituent mail,
attending committee hearings and briefings for staff, assisting in legislative
research, and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol. Applicants should possess
excellent written and verbal communication skills, be self-motivated, and able to
work as part of a professional team. Hill experience not necessary.
To apply, send resume and cover letter to in03internship@gmail.com.

MEM-363-15

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Maxine Waters, Ranking
Member of the Committee on Financial Services, is offering winter/spring
internship opportunities for students and recent graduates. First-hand experience
in Congresswoman Waters’ office will provide interns with an unparalleled
knowledge and understanding of public policy and the legislative process. Intern
responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents, attending committee
hearings, writing press releases, researching various issues for the legislative
Page 20 of 31

staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
The internship provides different professional development opportunities with
staff to discuss their experiences on the Hill and future employment strategies.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing
sample to Sean Higgins at Sean.Higgins@mail.house.gov.
MEM-362-15

A Tennessee House Republican seeks full-time and part-time interns to begin as
soon as possible for the spring 2016 semester. Duties will include:
• Conducting legislative research and writing memos,
• Attending Congressional hearings and briefings on behalf of the staff,
• Welcoming guests,
• Handling constituent communications, and
• Giving tours of the Capitol.
College students, recent graduates, and those with an interest in tax, budget, and
health care policy are encouraged to apply. Tennessee ties are a plus, but not
required. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter detailing
their interest and time commitment they are willing to make to
meghan.oakes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-361-15

Congresswoman Mimi Walters (R-CA) seeks part time/full time hard working
intern for Winter 2015.
Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting
with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings,
and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have
exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast
paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the
legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to Internshipsca45@gmail.com California ties
encouraged.

MEM-360-15

Congressman Dave Reichert’s Washington, DC office is looking for energetic
and hard-working interns to start as soon as possible. Qualified candidates
should have an interest in American government and working in a fast-paced
political environment.
All interns are expected to effectively communicate with staff members and
constituents. Daily tasks include, but are not limited to; administrative duties,
leading tours of the United States Capitol Building, communicating with
constituents and other offices on Capitol Hill, writing briefings and memos,
conducting research, and experiencing the city of Washington, DC. Interns will
also have the opportunity to attend hearings and meetings on a wide range of
Page 21 of 31

topics.
All internships are unpaid. However, if your college or university offers credit
hours, we are happy to complete any necessary evaluations. In addition, housing
is not provided but assistance will be offered.
If you are energetic, hard-working, and interested in a position in Rep. Reichert’s
Washington, DC office, please contact Isaac Tobis at 202-225-7761 or send your
resume and a cover letter to Isaac.tobis@mail.house.gov.
MEM-359-15

The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Martha McSally (AZ-02) is
currently seeking applicants for winter 2015/2016. Responsibilities include
assisting the staff with front office operations, conducting legislative research,
answering constituent calls and inquiries, conducting tours, and learning about
the day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be
ambitious, proactive, have a positive attitude, and demonstrate a strong interest in
the legislative process. Unpaid internships are available to qualified college
students seeking college credit or recent college graduates; stipends are offered
commensurate with experience. If you are interested in being considered for an
internship, please send your resume, cover letter, and any relevant writing
samples to keeley.christensen@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.

MEM-358-15

Congressman Paul Cook’s Washington, D.C. office is now accepting internship
applications for the Winter 2015 and Spring 2016 term. Interns are invaluable
multifunctional team members who manage an array of administrative tasks and
traffic flow in the office, relieving the pressure on the legislative team for daily
committee and voting activities. Interns will be responsible for assisting the team
with phones, mail, tours, flag-requests, and related front office duties. Additional
tasks, including drafting correspondence, research projects, and attending
hearings may be assigned on a case by case basis. Ideal candidates are positive
and energetic, have excellent people and organizational skills, and are eager to
assist with the legislative and administrative needs of the staff.
Undergraduate and post-graduate students are eligible to apply. Positions are
unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants,
but students have the opportunity to gain academic credit. California ties are
preferred. If interested, please contact our office at
Kassandra.Taira@mail.house.gov with "Internship" in the subject line. Please
include cover letter, resume and a writing sample.

MEM-357-15

Congresswoman Candice S. Miller (R-MI) seeks legislative interns for the
Spring 2016 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the
United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents,
managing constituent phone calls, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with
Page 22 of 31

constituent correspondence, and attend legislative briefings, congressional
hearings, receptions, and press events.
Requirements: Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find
information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as
part of a team environment, and possess a strong attention to detail. Applicants
should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a
willingness to perform a variety of tasks and administrative functions. Michigan
ties are preferred, but not required. To apply, please send cover letter and resume
to mi10intern@gmail.com.
MEM-355-15

The Office of Congresswoman Jackie Speier (CA-14) is seeking spring semester
interns for the DC office. Qualified candidates will be able to multi-task and
thrive in a fast-paced work environment, while providing high-quality “customer
service” to our constituents. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
handling constituent correspondence, answering phones, booking and leading
constituent tours, attending hearings and briefings, and assisting legislative staff
where needed. Students and recent graduates with ties to California’s 14th district
are strongly preferred. Interested candidates should send their resume, cover
letter, and a short writing sample to speier.internships@mail.house.gov. Interns
will begin early to mid-January depending on their availability and end in midMay. Qualified candidates will be contacted for interview. No phone calls, please.

MEM-353-15

California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the winter 2015/2016
internship session. Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips,
assist with front office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and
conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a
congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical
thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications and writing skills
are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not required. Please submit
a cover letter, brief writing sample, and resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-352-15

Democratic Member of Congress seeks applicants for full-time or part-time
unpaid congressional internship to begin immediately. Duties will include
drafting memos, attending briefings, conducting legislative research for various
legislative issue areas, as well as assisting with front office and administrative
tasks. Strong candidates are self-starters, able to multi task, and will exhibit
strong writing and communication skills. New York ties are a plus but not
required. Interest in issues under the jurisdiction of the House Committees on
Energy and Commerce and Small Business as well as Caribbean affairs are a
plus. Please send a resume and writing sample to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.

MEM-348-15

Congressman Ted Lieu (D-CA) seeks unpaid interns for the Spring 2016
internship cycle. Interns will assist the legislative team with research projects and
constituent correspondence, compile press clips and conduct social media
Page 23 of 31

projects, and perform clerical duties. Interns are also responsible for writing
cosponsorship, briefing, and hearing memos on topics of their choice to learn
more about the legislative process and particular issues. We expect interns to be
hard-working, friendly, and intelligent and possess strong writing and
communication skills. California ties are strongly preferred. Please send a
resume, writing sample, and dates of availability to lieu.staff@mail.house.gov
with “Spring 2016 Internship Application” as the subject line. Applications will
be accepted on a rolling basis until all spots are filled.
MEM-344-15

Democratic Leadership Office seeks highly motivated, part-time or full time
interns. Intern responsibilities include administrative duties and a few legislative
duties as necessary. Administrative support includes sorting mail, preparing
briefing binders, setting up events, and other special projects as assigned by staff.
The position requires the ability to multitask, strong organizational skills, and a
desire to work in a fast-paced environment. The internship is unpaid, but interns
will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience in a Democratic Leadership office.
Please send a resume and cover letter to deminternship@gmail.com. Please no
drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.

MEM-343-15

Congressman Tony Cárdenas is looking for interns to join his Washington, D.C.
team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting as soon as possible, for a
duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: assisting with scheduling, answering phone calls,
attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the
U.S. Capitol. A hard-working intern in our office will eventually move on to
assisting staff with more complex, legislative and press-related projects.
Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email resume and cover letter in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-342-15

Democratic Member of the House seeks an unpaid intern for their DC office.
Responsibilities include assisting staff with general office duties, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones,
researching legislative issues, giving Capitol tours, greeting visitors and
performing various other tasks. Candidates should be energetic, enthusiastic and
able to thrive in a fast-paced working environment. Strong communication skills
are a must. Candidates should have a general understanding of the governmental
process, knowledge of North Carolina, and interest in the legislative process. If
interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample via email to:
nc12internjobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or walk-ins. Minorities,
Page 24 of 31

LGBT and women are encouraged to apply. North Carolina ties preferred, but not
required.
MEM-341-15

Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-3) is currently seeking interns in his
Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2016 (January-May). Interns perform a
variety of responsibilities, including answering phones, receiving guests, and
providing tours of the Capitol Building. They will also research legislation for the
legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on
various issues before the House. Interns should possess strong research, writing,
analytical, and interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates should express an
interest in politics and conservative values. All internships are unpaid. However,
if your college or university offers credit hours we are happy to complete any
necessary evaluations. Interested candidates should contact Edward Rolwes and
email their resume and cover letter to: edward.rolwes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-340-15

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available full-time and part-time
internships for the 2015 Fall and 2015 Winter semesters in his Washington, D.C.
office beginning immediately. Interns will work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill
office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and
the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, answering
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building
tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist with correspondence, as
well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Interns will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Social media and other communications experience a
plus.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be able to
work both independently and as part of a team. Applicants should have working
knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist
with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred. Those interested please
send your resume and cover letter to ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.

MEM-339-15

Georgia Congressman David Scott seeks unpaid interns for spring semester.
Duties will include the following: attending hearings and briefings, responding to
constituent inquiries, researching legislation, conducting U.S. Capitol tours, and
basic administrative responsibilities. Qualified candidates must be highly
organized, responsible, detail oriented, possess excellent communication and
writing skills, and be able to multi-task. Georgia ties and/or an interest in
agriculture or financial services are preferred. All interested applicants should
send a resume, and cover letter to seema.ibrahim@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Name – Spring Internship Application.”

MEM-338-15

The Office of Representative Loretta Sanchez (CA-46) is seeking unpaid interns
for her Washington, DC office for the 2016 Spring Semester/Winter Quarter.
Page 25 of 31

Candidates should have an interest in and knowledge of the legislative process,
possess excellent writing and communication skills, and have an understanding of
the American political system.
Interns will be responsible for projects such as writing congressional
correspondence, fielding constituent phone calls, and other requests. Additional
duties include, but are not limited to, leading Capitol building tours, attending
briefings and committee hearings, and conducting research on various legislative
issues. Applicants are expected to start in early January.
Individuals with Orange County, California ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Knowledge of the 46th Congressional District is strongly recommended.
Applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and 1-2 page writing sample to
CA46internships@mail.house.gov. Qualified applicants will be contacted for
interviews. No phone calls, please.
MEM-336-15

The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an experienced
unpaid communications intern to assist with day-to-day operations and special
projects in the Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be soon-to-be or
recent college graduates with a preferred major in PR, journalism, English, or
communications. Interested applicants must be able to commit to at least 30 hours
per week. Qualified candidates will have a previous internship in
communications, journalism, a political office or on the Hill, excellent writing
skills, and a positive attitude and sense of humor. Photoshop experience is a plus.
Intern responsibilities will include monitoring news on relevant policy areas and
compile media reports, drafting social media posts and graphics on legislation,
issue positions, and news items. Interns will also help brainstorm creative ways to
concisely convey complex policy initiatives, draft press material, proof and edit
documents from Senior Staff, and assist the Communications Director with
special projects. Interested candidates should send their resume and two brief
writing samples to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com. Writing samples may
include: press release, advisory, professional Facebook post & corresponding
tweet, school newspaper article, etc.

MEM-335-15

The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid
intern for Spring 2016. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and
professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities
will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the
form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting
research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending
hearings. Western ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates
should send their resume, a cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
WesternStateIntern@gmail.com.

MEM-334-15

Internships are currently available in Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren’s (CA-19)
Washington, D.C. office. Congresswoman Lofgren represents California’s 19th
Page 26 of 31

Congressional District, which lies in the heart of California’s “Silicon Valley”.
Interns have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a busy
congressional office and gain invaluable work experience. This is an excellent
opportunity for those interested in the legislative process. Interns’ responsibilities
will vary—in addition to answering phones and running errands around the
Capitol, interns will have the opportunity to attend hearings and briefings,
research legislation for legislative staff, and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent writing and analytical skills, a
demonstrated work ethic, and ability to function in a fast-paced environment. A
successful candidate will be motivated, able to multitask, and have the ability to
work well under pressure. Full-time internship positions are available beginning
November 2, 2015. Internships are unpaid.
CA-19 and/or California ties are preferred but not required. Interested applicants
should apply through http://lofgren.house.gov.
MEM-333-15

Senior Republican Congressman is seeking a highly motivated, full-time intern
that can start immediately upon acceptance. The individual should be able to
multi-task and be prepared to work in a fast-paced office. Some responsibilities
include attending briefings, answering phones, guiding tours of the Capitol,
assisting with constituent correspondence and mail, and working on various
projects for the staff as needed. North Carolina ties are encouraged, but not
required. In order to apply, please send capitolhill45@gmail.com a resume and
cover letter with “NC Intern Application” in the subject line.

MEM-329-15

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently
seeking undergraduate interns for Fall 2015 (available to start immediately) and
Spring 2016 (available to start in January). We are also accepting graduate and/or
fellowship applications for both labor and education for Spring 2016 (available to
start in January).
Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and
media work. Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to, legislative
research, assembling information, assisting staff during hearing and markup
preparation and execution, and attending hearings, markups, briefings and
meetings. Media work may include assisting staff to organize and staff
Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily news
clips relating to Committee’s issues. Undergraduate Interns are also trained to
perform administrative duties, such as answering phones, and sorting and
distributing mail.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter and resume to
jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
Page 27 of 31

MEM-328-15

The Office of Congressman Reid Ribble is seeking qualified candidates to intern
in our Washington, D.C. office starting in January 2016. We are interested in
candidates of all academic disciplines.
Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office administration,
legislative research, constituent correspondence, and other duties as assigned.
Administration will include daily tasks such as welcoming guests, being aware of
the Congressman’s and staff’s schedules, answering phones, constituent tours,
mail administration, and other duties. Legislative research and constituent
correspondence will include being aware of current and pending legislation,
researching legislation for constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and
other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
the drive to take the initiative in a fast-paced environment.
This is an unpaid position. If candidates have any questions or wish to apply,
please send a cover letter, resume and writing sample to
dominique.yantko@mail.house.gov.

MEM-327-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Luis V. Gutiérrez is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill internship positions in the
fall of 2015. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering
phones, conducting Capitol Tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings,
conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast paced
environment, an eagerness to learn about the legislative process, as well as a
minimum four day per week availability. Internships are unpaid. Spanish-fluency
and Illinois ties are a plus.
Please send a résumé, cover letter, and dates of availability to
gutierrezopportunities@gmail.com with “Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-326-15

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Spring 2016. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are
preferred. Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per
week. Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and times
available (start and end dates as well as days per week) to
CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, CA52
Internship” in the subject line.
Page 28 of 31

MEM-324-15

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov by December 1st.

MEM-323-15

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated,
flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a
preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus,
but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
1-2 page writing sample to michelle.serrato@mail.house.gov.

MEM-322-15

Congressman Joe Wilson (SC-02) is currently seeking interns for the
Washington, D.C. office to start immediately.
Qualified candidates will possess an interest in the legislative process, excellent
writing and communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a willingness to
learn and take on new tasks.
Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to, assisting staff with general
office duties, attending hearings/briefings for staff members, answering phones,
sorting through mail, drafting response letters, and giving tours of the U.S.
Capitol. Candidates should be highly motivated and have good communication
skills. This position is unpaid, but does offer a great educational experience for
anyone with aspirations of working on Capitol Hill.

Page 29 of 31

All interested applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to
sc02.internship@mail.house.gov.
MEM-321-15

North Carolina Democrat seeks an unpaid Communications Intern for her
Washington, D.C. office. Duties include tracking press clips and traffic on social
media networks, updating and maintaining press contact lists, drafting press
releases, and assisting with the office's day-to-day communications operation.
Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications, new media,
or journalism. North Carolina ties are a plus. Women and minorities are
encouraged to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter to
nc12internjobs@gmail.com.

MEM-320-15

California Democratic Congressman Jared Huffman is seeking current college
students or recent college graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for a
full-time or part-time internship. We are seeking motivated, organized, and
reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-today duties. Such duties include attending briefings and hearings, answering
phones, drafting constituent correspondence letters, doing legislative research,
and various other tasks.
The internship is unpaid, though interns will gain valuable Hill and office
experience as well as have access to many unique Hill opportunities.
Congressman Huffman represents California’s 2nd congressional district, which
extends along the Pacific coast, from the Golden Gate Bridge to the Oregon
border. California ties are preferred, but not necessary. Please send resume and
cover letter to DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-319-15

Nevada Republican seeks a legislative intern for January 2016 and/or Spring
2016. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable
exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States
Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours,
and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with correspondence, as
well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, receptions, and press
events.
Legislative Internship Qualifications:
Our office is looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as
well as part of a team environment. Applicants should have working knowledge
of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to do assist with daily
office tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Legislative Internship Requirements:
Page 30 of 31

Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00am6:00pm). Students welcome to apply. Those interested please send cover letter,
updated resume, and references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.
MEM-318-15

Nevada Republican seeks an unpaid communications intern for January 2016
and/or Spring 2016. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the communications process and the
United States Congress. Communication intern responsibilities include tracking
and reporting on social media and news story comments, drafting social media
posts, establishing and managing a twitter account, and reaching out to
local/national reporters on social media. Interns will also have the opportunity to
attend events and committee meetings to take photos and videos, work with the
communications director to put press releases on the website, and assist with
writing projects at the discretion of the communications director. Interns will also
help facilitate our constituent communications program and guide constituents on
tours of the US Capitol building.
Communications Intern Qualifications:
Our office seeks an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently
and as a member of a team environment. Applicants must have a working
knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist
with daily communication tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Communications Intern Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00 am6:00 pm) with the option of working full-time, spring semester beginning in
January. Students are welcome to apply. If interested, please send a cover letter,
updated resume, sample of a social media post for a congressperson, and
references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.

MEM-317-15

Congressman Adam Kinzinger (IL-16) is looking for unpaid interns in his
Washington, DC office for the 2015 fall and spring semesters. Interns will
observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand
knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading Capitol
tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative
projects, and attending briefings and hearings. Ideal candidates should have a
strong work ethic, be energetic and engaging, and possess a positive attitude.
Candidates with Illinois ties are encouraged to apply. Please send resume and
cover letter (with availability) to internsIL16@gmail.com.

Page 31 of 31

