________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 4, 2022

MEM-181-22

Congressman Scott DesJarlais (TN-04)—paid; full-time internship
The DC office of Congressman DesJarlais is looking for summer interns— from
June through the end of July.
The responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer phones, conduct
Capitol tours, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process
and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Interested candidates should e-mail an updated resume and cover letter
to MeKenna.Carman@mail.house.gov

MEM-178-22

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-21) D.C. office seeks interns for the
upcoming Summer 2022 semester.
The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is
committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This
position demands the ability to multi-task, strong organizational skills and
working cooperatively and courteously with others in a shared space.
Duties include: answering telephones, compiling daily press clips relevant to the
office’s priorities, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
Page 1 of 10

administrative assistance to the D.C. staff. Undergraduate students and recent
college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are
encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF file.
Cover letter should detail reasons for applying to the position. Please indicate
which session is preferred – Session A (May 9- June 17) or Session B (June 21July 29).
A stipend will be provided to accepted applicants. Deadline to apply by is Friday,
April 15, 2022. All materials must be submitted
to Joelle.Lawrence@mail.house.gov.
MEM-175-22

Congressman Dan Newhouse (R-WA-04) is currently seeking paid congressional
interns for the Summer 2022 term. The internships are in-person and will run
from May to August. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to undergraduate
and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, opening and sorting mail,
greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks, and
producing a daily memo. Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong
work ethic, attention to detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced work
environment. District ties will be considered however are not required.
Interested applicants should send their resumes, cover letters, and any writing
samples with the subject line “Summer 2022 Internship”
to Ben.Savercool@mail.house.gov

MEM-174-22

Northwest Florida office is seeking summer interns in Washington, DC. The
summer semester runs from May through August, dates are negotiable.
The internship offers opportunities to gain hands-on experience working in a
congressional office including legislative research, operations, and
communications. Qualified applicants should possess strong writing and
communication skills, the ability to multi-task, a positive attitude, a strong sense
of professionalism, and a passion for public service. Candidates enthusiastic
about the America First movement are encouraged to apply.
Interns’ responsibilities will vary. Primary responsibilities include: checking
voicemails, leading Capitol tours, handling mail, assisting with special projects,
attending briefings, performing legislative research, drafting memos, assisting
with case work, and other tasks as needed.
To apply, send a resume and cover letter to northwestflorida000@gmail.com with
the subject “Summer Internship Application”. In your cover letter, please indicate

Page 2 of 10

expected start and end dates and hours available to work. The application
deadline is on a rolling basis.
MEM-167-22

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks
full-time, paid interns for Summer 2022.
Interns will help staff prepare for hearings and markups, take notes on relevant
committee activities, and work on research, oversight, and press-related projects.
Interns will also perform administrative tasks such as answering phones, greeting
visitors, and filing official documents.
Internship Description/Duties:
This position will be a combination of telework and in-office work as safety and
logistics permit. Interns will be given an opportunity to work on substantive
projects under the direction of Committee Staff while also serving a general
administrative function.
Typical Intern Duties include working closely with staff to complete long-term or
short-term projects, preparing research memos on scientific topics, supporting
staff in the preparation of Committee hearing materials, and participating in
events related to the Committee’s jurisdiction.
Qualification/Skills:
Candidate should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, have a strong appreciation for situational awareness, be
able to multitask, and be adaptable to a fast-paced environment. An interest in
topics relevant to the committee’s jurisdiction is preferred.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter
to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-166-22

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Government Operations, is seeking an energetic and selfmotivated graduate or law school student for a full-time internship for Summer
2022.
The position offers the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting
and fast-paced Subcommittee, while participating directly in the oversight
process and learning about the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting staff in preparing for
congressional hearings, writing floor speeches, conducting legal and factual
research, drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive Branch and private sector officials. Interns play a key role in the office
and will work closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Page 3 of 10

Background: The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to
investigate any matter at any time. The Subcommittee on Government Operations
has jurisdiction over issues related to the federal civil service, whistleblower
protections, the U.S. Postal Service; government management and accounting
measures; the economy, efficiency, and management of government operations
and activities; government reorganization; intergovernmental affairs, including
state and local governments; federal information technology security, acquisition
policy, and management; and federal property.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Applicants should be willing to be in the office full time.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing their
resume and cover letter in one PDF titled “last name, first name, Spring 2022
GovOps” to GovOpsSubcommittee@gmail.com with “Spring 2022 Internship
Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please. Only
applicants who are selected for an interview will receive a response.
MEM-156-22

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (D-WI-04) seeks
interns for the upcoming Summer 2022 term. The D.C. office has two types of
internships: A Legislative Internship and a Press Internship.
Legislative Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings,
drafting and editing constituent correspondence letters, researching legislation for
the legislative staff, and providing support for the day-to-day activities of the
office.
Press Intern responsibilities include drafting social media posts, designing
graphics, conducting interview preparation for the Member, drafting and editing
constituent correspondence letters, and assisting the Communications Director in
the day-to-day press operations of the office.
The office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged
to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, a one-page cover letter, and one short
writing sample to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov.
Additionally, applicants should indicate their expected start and end dates,
availability for Monday-Friday, and which position they are applying for (or state
Page 4 of 10

that you do not have a preference). We also ask that applicants for the Press
Internship submit 1-3 sample graphics.
Deadline to apply is 5:00 PM ET on Friday, April 15th, 2022.
MEM-150-22

Congresswoman María Elvira Salazar (FL-27) is currently accepting applicants
for interns in her Miami and Washington, D.C. offices for the summer session.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES: to assist in performing research, processing the
mail, data entry, reception duties, and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS: good oral and written communication skills (Spanish
language skills preferred); ability to work cooperatively and courteously with
others; good organizational skills; and willingness to learn. Ties to South Florida
and means of travel are a plus.
DUTIES:
•performs research and drafts briefs;
•attends community events and Congressional briefings;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephone;
•logs constituent correspondence, including their full names, addresses, and all
other relevant information;
•greets visitors; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the intern coordinator of their office.
DURATION: Summer interns will begin their internship programs no earlier than
May 1 and conclude their program no later than August 15. Interns are expected
to serve in the office at a minimum of 15 hours each week during their tenure.
HOW TO APPLY: the deadline for applications for the Summer 2022 internship
session is April 30.
Interested applicants may submit their resume and a cover letter to Howard
Senior at hs@mail.house.gov (Miami) or Liam Diebel
at liam.diebel@mail.house.gov (Washington, D.C.), in addition to completing the
online application available at https://salazar.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-145-22

District Office – Summer Internships
The Lacey Office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently
accepting applications for a paid summer internship (June-August).
Interns will be asked to answer phones, assist the constituent services team,
attend virtual events, research projects, and aid our press team, Congresswoman,
Page 5 of 10

and district staff. As a result, interns learn about constituent services and
engagement and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, strong attention
to detail, customer service skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. South Puget Sound ties are preferred, but not
required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a PDF format
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “District Office Intern-[LAST NAME]” in
the subject line. The deadline for applications is Friday, April 15, 2022.
Applicants are encouraged to submit their application early.
This office is Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin,
sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, military
service, or another non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants are encouraged to apply.
Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-144-22

DC Office – Summer Internships
The office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently accepting
applicants for paid summer internships which will run from June to August.
Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff located in Washington D.C. in
conducting research, drafting memos and constituent mail, answering phones,
attending hearings, inputting casework, attending virtual events, aiding
Congresswoman Strickland’s legislative initiatives.
The office is also looking to hire a press intern to assist the press team.
Responsibilities include compiling clips, drafting social media posts, op-eds,
press releases, digital content, and working with the press team to devise media
strategies and bolster the office’s communication efforts. Experience working in
press, communications, or a related field is a plus.
Ideal candidates for these internships should possess excellent communication
skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF document
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Summer Internship-[LAST NAME]” in
the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship you are
applying for.
Page 6 of 10

The deadline for applications is Friday, April 15, 2022, but applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are incomplete or
submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin,
sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, military
service, or another non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants and individuals in
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no unsolicited
phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-141-22

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic applicants for legislative internships in the
Washington, DC office for the Summer of 2022.
Qualified applicants should have strong communications skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. Interns will be provided with computers to complete official work.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Scanning voicemails, processing electronic constituent mail, assisting legislative
staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing
preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other
duties as necessary.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample
to Caitlin.Reedy@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter. The deadline to apply is April 8th, 2022.

MEM-138-22

The Office of Congressman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-00) is seeking motivated,
organized, and hardworking individuals for its summer internship program
(beginning in June and ending in August).
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
providing Capitol tours for constituents, drafting constituent correspondence,
sorting incoming mail, attending briefings and hearings, conducting legislative
research, and other tasks as needed.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, willingness to contribute to a team environment, and eagerness to learn
about the political process and congressional affairs. Delaware ties are a plus.
To apply, please send one compiled PDF of your resume, a cover letter that
describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and 2
Page 7 of 10

references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov, indicating the office (DC or
Wilmington) and the term you are applying for in the subject line. For example:
“DC Spring 2020 Internship.” Please note in the cover letter or body of the email
if the internship is for school credit.
Deadline for applications: April 9th at 11:59pm ET. No phone calls, emails, or
drop-ins please.
For more information visit: https://bluntrochester.house.gov/constituentservices/internships/
MEM-137-22

The Washington, D.C. office of Rep. Greg Stanton seeks enthusiastic and
motivated interns for the Summer 2022 semester.
Interns have a crucial part in our Washington office and are tasked to answer
phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and write
constituent letters on issues before the House, and perform other duties as
assigned. This is a paid opportunity that can accommodate a full or part time
position. Those with Arizona ties are strongly preferred.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, letter of interest and 1-2 page
writing sample to DC_Internships.AZ09@mail.house.gov
Applications are due April 8, 2022.

MEM-136-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a motivated
and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time digital intern
position this summer.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling
and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn is a must; sense of humor strongly
encouraged.
This position reports to the communications director. Candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

Page 8 of 10

MEM-135-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented undergraduate or graduate student with a
passion for communications to fill a full-time press intern position this summer.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, voracious consumer of
news, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Press intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, compiling press clips, maintaining
press lists, and drafting press releases. This position reports to the
communications director. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter or writing sample
to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-129-22

Illinois Democratic Office has immediate openings for full-time interns and
fellows to support our administrative, legislative, and communication teams in
our Washington Office.
Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending legislative
briefings and hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail,
researching information, and other duties as assigned.
Applicants should be professional, hardworking, reliable and have strong writing
and communication skills. Illinois ties are preferred, but not required.
Internships are paid/unpaid and are available for the Spring/Summer/Fall
semesters. Interested candidates should submit your writing sample and resume
to ResumeIL01@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-114-22

Spring/Summer Congressional Internship Opportunity:
Congressman John Garamendi (D-CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his DC team.
Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal
team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative,
administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points,
attending virtual hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls,
assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and
flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.

Page 9 of 10

Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-089-22

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a fulltime Press Intern for paid and unpaid internships.
Duties may include, but are not limited to, media monitoring and research,
writing media advisories and press releases, drafting social media and general
communications office support. Ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills,
works well under pressure, and is a skilled multi-tasker. Interns can receive
academic credit.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis until June 1, 2022 for the
summer and fall semesters. To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three
references, and two writing samples to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Press
Intern” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the requirements will not
be considered.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-083-22

Summer Internship Opening for Rep. Josh Gottheimer (D-NJ)
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Josh Gottheimer (NJ-05) is
seeking motivated, organized, and hardworking individuals for the summer term.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
providing Capitol tours for constituents, drafting constituent correspondence,
sorting incoming mail, attending briefings and hearings, conducting legislative
research, and other tasks as needed.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication,
willingness to contribute to a team environment, and eagerness to learn about the
political process and congressional affairs. New Jersey ties are a plus.
Please send a resume, cover letter, one-page writing sample, and dates of
availability as one PDF with subject line “DC SUMMER INTERNSHIP 2022”
to nj5jobs@mail.house.gov.

Page 10 of 10

