________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 12, 2018

MEM-092-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is
seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the
Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Summer 2018
semester.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff
to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital
content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting
press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or
graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips
at 8:00 am and ends at 4:00 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on
Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major
legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of
activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if
applicable, a portfolio sample to Sam Menchel at
Page 1 of 13

NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact Sam
at 202-225-3615 with any questions.
MEM-091-18

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is
offering Summer 2018 internship opportunities for college students and recent
college graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s
office provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and
implementation of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to
constituents, attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching
various issues for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and
together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to
increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal
government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative
process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s
position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing
sample to Sam Menchel at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do
not hesitate to contact Sam at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-090-18

The office of Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart (FL-25) is currently seeking
applications for our summer internship program running from May 2018 through
the beginning of August. This position requires greeting guests and constituents,
leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent correspondence
letters, and assisting in general day to day activities. While unpaid, this position
will strengthen your understanding of the legislative process and give you
firsthand experience of the operations necessary to run a Congressional office.
Qualified candidates will be hard working, organized, possess strong written and
oral skills, and have the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested
candidates should send a resume, availability, and cover letter to
Elizabeth.DosSantos@mail.house.gov. Deadline for applications: April 9th, 2018.

MEM-089-18

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Summer 2018 semester in Washington DC. Intern
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to
the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should
send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject
line “Summer 2018 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.

Page 2 of 13

MEM-087-18

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) seeks a Press Intern for
the summer of 2018 in the Washington, DC office. Primary responsibilities will
include: compiling and distributing daily news clips, media monitoring, drafting
graphics, social media content, press releases, and floor speeches. Candidates
must have strong written and verbal communication skills as well as the ability to
work under tight deadlines. Hawaii ties are preferred, but not required. Please
send a resume, brief cover letter, two short writing samples, and availability to
Lauren.Mcilvaine@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press Intern” by April
1st.

MEM-086-18

The House Judiciary Committee is looking for interns who can assist in
executing an aggressive communications strategy. Candidates should have a
strong interest in both public relations and public policy. Applicants should have
excellent organizational skills and strong research, writing, and communication
skills. Ideal candidates are college students, recent graduates, or graduate
students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Primary Duties:
•
•
•
•
•

Assisting with committee hearings, press conferences, panels, forums, and
other events
Drafting social media content (i.e. facebook, twitter, instagram, medium)
Taking photos of and recording events
Managing press lists, including creating issue-specific press lists
Compiling press clips

To apply please send resume and cover letter to: JudPressIntern@mail.house.gov.
Please note that this internship is unpaid.
MEM-085-18

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce
seeks a professional, dependable, and enthusiastic student or recent graduate for a
paid communications summer internship working closely with the press team
on a variety of tasks. Duties will include drafting and posting Committee web
content and social media, basic photography, drafting press releases and
statements (other written materials may include memos, one-minute floor
speeches, etc.), press list maintenance, compiling and distributing daily press
clips, media monitoring, answering the press office phone, and other
communications and administrative tasks as assigned. Communications,
journalism, public relations, public affairs or political science majors and recent
graduates preferred. Internship to begin in May and last through the end of July.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until a qualified candidate is
identified.

Page 3 of 13

Please send a resume, brief cover letter, and one short writing sample to
EdLaborPressJobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-084-18

Congressman Scott DesJarlais (TN-04)—unpaid; full time internship
The DC office of Congressman DesJarlais is looking for summer interns, MayAugust.
The responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer phones, conduct
Capitol tours, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process
and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Interested candidates should e-mail an updated resume and cover letter to
MeKenna.Carman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-083-18

Congressman Jim Langevin (D-RI) is seeking full-time and part-time interns for
summer 2018. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work
while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include
providing constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee hearings,
performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects
of interest. Rhode Island ties are preferred but not required.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and
written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All
internships are unpaid. To apply: send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing
sample to john.swords@mail.house.gov. Please also indicate your dates of
availability and whether you are interested in a full-time or part-time position.

MEM-081-18

The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience
in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates
will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary
responsibilities include office tasks such as answering phones and handling mail
as well as assisting with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist
with investigative research or other projects as needed. Summer 2018 clerk intern
applications are being accepted! To apply please submit your cover letter,
resume and writing sample at https://democratsoversight.house.gov/about/internships-and-fellowships.

Page 4 of 13

MEM-080-18

The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications for the
2018 Summer Semester. This is a full-time internship that requires a flexible
schedule and knowledge of House Democrats. Our internship term runs from
late-May through August. Interns will assist with weekly Caucus meetings,
Member outreach, legislative work, and press services. Caucus interns will also
handle front office duties such as answering phones, distributing mail,
coordinating Capitol tours, and greeting visitors. Qualified applicants must
possess a pleasant attitude, attention to detail and a great work ethic. Candidates
with prior Hill experience, great writing skills and strong familiarity with House
Democrats are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to
CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2018
Democratic Caucus Summer Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-079-18

The Office of Congressman Anthony G. Brown (D-MD04) seeks legislative
interns with excellent oral and written communication skills for Spring 2018 in
the Washington, D.C. Office. Responsibilities include compiling research on
bills and various issue areas, attending committee hearings and briefings, drafting
correspondence and memos, and completing other projects and duties as assigned
by the legislative team. Applicants must be able to work both in a group setting
and independently. Candidates should have strong organizational skills, a positive
attitude and a willingness to learn. Qualified applicants should submit a cover
letter, resume, and a writing sample to both hannah.cooper@mail.house.gov and
ann.mathew@mail.house.gov with “MD04 Spring Internship” in the subject
line. This will be a Monday/Wednesday internship. Maryland ties preferred, but
not required. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-077-18

The office of Congressman Randy Hultgren [IL-14] is seeking candidates for
full-time internships in his Washington, DC office. Interns will observe the inner
workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the
legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering
phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative projects, and
attending briefings and hearings. While preference is given to applicants from
Illinois, I encourage all candidates with a strong work ethic and positive attitude
to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter (with potential start date) to
IL14interns@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-075-18

U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ) seeks summer interns for his Washington, DC
office. This internship term runs from May through early August. Duties include
sorting and processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending
briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol,
assisting our press team, and drafting constituent correspondence. This internship
is unpaid. Ties to New Jersey are strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the
Page 5 of 13

Ways and Means Committee and as the Ranking Member on the Ways and
Means Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to work in a
veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. We are very open to interns
working in the areas that interest them most and taking on increasing
responsibility as the summer progresses. Interested applicants should send a
resume and cover letter to Christopher Hadad
(Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).
All applications are due by April 1st, 2018. Applicants will be considered on a
rolling basis.
MEM-074-18

Congressman Sean P. Duffy is looking for Summer interns! We are looking for
energetic and driven individuals who are eager to learn. Congressman Duffy
represents Wisconsin’s 7th Congressional District and serves on the House
Financial Services Committee as the Chairman of the House Financial Services
Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance. The internship program is a very
hands-on program where our goal is to make you feel like you are a part of the
team and not just an intern whose sole responsibility is to answer phones. The
main mission of the program is education and placement. Our hope is that after
our interns leave the program they are prepared to step right into a Staff Assistant
or maybe even a Legislative Correspondent position on Capitol Hill. If you are a
student or recent graduate and think you would benefit from this opportunity
please email your resume and cover letter to Wisc.internship@gmail.com. Ties to
Wisconsin are not required but preferred.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•
•

Legislative Research
Writing constituent correspondence
Administrative Duties
Tours of the U.S. Capitol

QUALIFICATIONS:
•
•
•

MEM-073-18

Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Track record of responsibility
Exemplifies great customer service

Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D), is currently hiring spring interns for his
Washington, D.C. office to start immediately. Responsibilities include answering
phones, sorting mail and faxes, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with
constituent correspondence, and providing general office support as
needed. Intern candidates should be current or recent college students, regardless
of major but with an interest in Congress and the legislative process. Full time
availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are encouraged to apply as well.

Page 6 of 13

To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to
LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. Please include any Iowa connections in
the body of the email. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-072-18

The Committee on House Administration Democratic staff is currently seeking a
full-time, unpaid intern for the 2018 Spring Semester. Interns will have various
responsibilities in assisting staff with administrative duties, franking, and
legislative research. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
sorting franking requests, compiling hearing materials, and assisting with front
office duties. Candidates must exhibit strong writing, communication and
organizational skills. Spanish fluency is a plus. Please send a resume and brief
writing sample in PDF format to Sydney.burns@mail.house.gov with “Spring
Congressional Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-071-18

COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY – Democratic Staff
JOB TITLE:
Summer 2018 Intern
SUMMARY:
Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with
legislative, policy and administrative support. The individual is required to
demonstrate exceptional research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Performs legislative and policy research.
• Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups
by:
o Researching background on witnesses and hearing topics.
o Finalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff.
o Delivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
• Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee.
• Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
o Answering Phones
o General office tidiness and maintenance
• Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and
policy negotiations, discussions and other activities.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least a sophomore in college. Coursework and experience in Political
Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related field is
preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written communication
skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines. Must be familiar
with Microsoft Office.

Page 7 of 13

Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
elise.phillips@mail.house.gov.
MEM-069-18

The DC office of Congressman Buchanan (FL-16) is looking for immediate start
interns.
Overview
Our internship program offers interns a chance to learn and work on the hill and
see how the highest levels of government work. Being the office of a senior
member of the House Ways and Means Committee, interns will have exposure to
healthcare, tax, and trade issues. Interns will assist staff with legislative projects,
attend briefings and hearings, and assist with maintaining data bases. Interns will
also work on a policy proposal under the guidance of staff and will present their
policy proposal at the end of their internship.
Interns will also have the chance to attend briefings independently and on the
behalf of staff. At the end of the internship, interns will have a firm understanding
of how Capitol Hill works, a bespoke policy proposal, and full understanding of
how the legislative process works.
Required Skills
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn
Application instructions
Please email your resume and available start date to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.

MEM-067-18

The Personal Office of Congressman Eliot L. Engel, the Ranking Democrat on
the House Foreign Affairs Committee, is searching for prospective students who
wish to intern at our Washington D.C office. Duties include: taking phone calls,
responding to constituent concern, and assisting official staff by attending
briefing and Congressional hearings.
Aside from the varying duties, a prospective intern should be able to
communicate effectively; be an attentive listener; and possess good writing
skills. This is an unpaid internship, but can be counted for course credit. Though
we are open to a variety of academic backgrounds, preferred candidates would be
those majoring in: Political Science, Social Work, Government Affairs, and
History. Most candidates are college students or recent graduates.
As an intern in the Office of Congressman Engel, one is expected to act with the
utmost courtesy and professionalism. We expect our interns to respect the office
and its constituents as the office serves not only at the pleasure of the community,
but also as the public face of Congressman Engel. Working at the District Office
will provide interns with the experience of working in an active, ground-level
Page 8 of 13

operation of a Congressional office. It is a concrete actualization of civics in
action.
If you would like to be considered for a position, please email your resume and
cover letter to Engel.Internship@mail.house.gov. In your application, be sure to
include the semester and/or dates you would be available to intern. NY ties a
plus, but not required.
MEM-066-18

Our Washington, DC office offers internship opportunities to college students
during the fall, spring, and summer semesters. Individual responsibilities will
vary, but all interns will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and
answer constituent letters on various issues. Internship hours are flexible, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session.
Fall internships run from mid-September through mid-December. Spring
Internships run from mid-January through mid-May. Summer internships run
from end of May through mid-August. Please send all resumes
to maximilian.devreeze@mail.house.gov.

MEM-065-18

The office of Representative Jason Lewis (MN-02) is accepting applications for
unpaid full-time interns to work in his District office in Burnsville, Minnesota
during the summer of 2018. In the District office, interns may be asked to carry
out a variety of duties including answering phones, writing letters, and assisting
with constituent intake. In addition, interns may be assigned to assist with
constituent casework or help with district-based projects.
Strong candidates will be motivated, meticulous, and eager to learn. Interested
candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
Angela.Sedlacek@mail.house.gov.

MEM-063-18

The Majority House Budget Committee is hiring an intern starting immediately.
As an intern with the House Budget Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting Committee staff in assignments that include compiling the daily Budget
News Clips, sorting and processing mail, answering the phones, assembling
reference material, administrative support, and special projects. Much of the work
you will do is actual work performed on a daily basis by other members of the
Committee staff.
Full and part-time positions are available. Paid internships are available to
anyone who is not receiving course credits through a university.

Page 9 of 13

Please submit the application found at https://budget.house.gov/about/internships,
your resume, cover letter and one page writing sample as one PDF package to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov.

MEM-062-18

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergrad and recent graduates to interns for our Summer 2018
program (May/June through August/September).
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well
as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidate is an organized and committed student or recent graduate
who is eager to join a fast-paced environment and build upon their knowledge of
how Congress works—in particular, the role that congressional committees play
in the federal legislative process. Superior writing and communication skills,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is
preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov, with
“Summer 2018 Democratic Staff Internship” in the subject line.
*In your cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling
purposes.*

MEM-061-18

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking
conservative, highly motivated, and organized applicants for a full or part-time
unpaid internship beginning in May and ending in August, with flexible start and
end dates.
Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not
required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or
Page 10 of 13

school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover
letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2018 Summer Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
MEM-058-18

The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff is
seeking a motivated and reliable digital intern to fill a spring position. This is an
excellent opportunity to those who are interested in digital design, social media,
technology, and the congressional process. Intern responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, content creation, website frontend and backend, analytics,
photography, videography, and performing other press and administrative tasks
as necessary. Successful candidates will possess skills in Adobe programs
(Photoshop, Illustrator, LightRoom, Premier Pro, Audition, and After Effects),
CMS, CSS, HTML, manual photography, analytics, and an ability to work in a
fast-paced, rapid response environment. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. To apply, please fill out all the fields in the following form
with “Digital Internship” as the internship type: https://democratsoversight.house.gov/about/internships-and-fellowships.

MEM-057-18

The Republican staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of
the House of Representatives seeks candidates for law student, graduate student,
and undergraduate student internships for spring 2018 and summer 2018. Interns
will have the opportunity to participate in substantive work on investigations and
legislation, attend hearings and briefings, and participate in an intern education
program. Undergraduate interns will also rotate through assisting in the front
office on a recurring basis.
Spring internships are available immediately and typically run through the middle
of April, although specific dates will be determined a case-by-case basis. Interns
must be available at least three days a week, and preference will be afforded those
available full time.
The strongest candidates will exhibit an excellent work ethic, discretion in
working on confidential matters, and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about
the Committee’s work.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter detailing their
interest in the position to Michael.Watson@mail.house.gov and
Robert.Brooks@mail.house.gov. Graduate students and law students are
encouraged to include an unedited writing sample.

MEM-054-18

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office this spring/summer. Candidates should be
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
Page 11 of 13

include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-052-18

The Republican office of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee is currently
accepting applications for full-time internships. Working closely with
Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge
of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional
committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced, front office answering
phones and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting staff with
hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research
projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates must have a
genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic, team player
attitude. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred. Please note the
internships are unpaid positions. Please send cover letter and resume to:
var.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-042-18

The office of Congressman Walter B. Jones (NC-03) is currently seeking
applicants for an internship in either his Washington, D.C. or Greenville, N.C.
office for the Summer 2018 term. Interns in the Washington office help draft
constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, and
function as a key part of the staff. Interns also assist with answering phone calls,
providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the constituent flag request our
office receives. In the state office, interns will interact with constituents, work
with federal agencies, and participate in outreach projects in order to resolve
problems facing the people of Eastern North Carolina, as well as assist the staff
with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or recent
graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fast paced
setting. The ideal candidate possesses strong organizational, communication, and
writing skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a
must. Although the internship is unpaid, you will gain valuable professional
experience and an inside look at the lawmaking process on Capitol Hill.
Academic credit is available for qualifying students. North Carolina and/or
Page 12 of 13

military ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should apply at
www.jones.house.gov by March 15th.

Page 13 of 13

