________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 12, 2015
MEM-315-15

Seeking intern who will report to the Intern Coordinator/Supervisor.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to assist in performing clerking duties, processing the mail, data entry, reception
duties and other office errands.
DUTIES:
• Sorts and distributes mail;
• Performs data entry, including logging in incoming letters;
• Answers the telephones;
• Assists staff with Committee business including: Hearings, Briefings, and
Business Meetings;
• Performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
To apply for this position, please send an email to
Brett.Cozzolino@mail.house.gov with a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample.

Page 1 of 19

MEM-314-15

Illinois Representative Mike Bost is looking for college students or recent grads
for a Congressional internship. These internships are available now on either a
full-time or part-time basis. Qualified candidates will be highly organized,
prompt, responsible, and ready to work in a fast paced environment. Strong oral
and communication skills are a must. Daily duties will include assisting staff,
answering phones, organizing mail, giving tours of the Capitol Building, and
attending hearings and briefings for legislative staff. Interns will gain valuable
Capitol Hill experience and further their understanding of the legislative process.
Illinois ties are preferred but not necessary. All interested applicants should email their resume and/or cover letter to midwestinternship@gmail.com.

MEM-313-15

Florida Republican is seeking interns for early January through May 2016.
Qualified candidates will be hardworking, motivated self-starters, detail-oriented,
and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Daily duties as an
intern will include providing general constituents services in the form of
answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting
research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending
hearings. Florida ties are a plus but not a requirement. This internship is unpaid,
however, individuals will gain invaluable experience. Please send a resume and
cover letter to FloridaConservativeRepublican@gmail.com with subject line
“Intern” for consideration.

MEM-312-15

The Washington, DC office of Rep. Mark Sanford (SC-01) seeks applicants for
unpaid fulltime internships for the fall season. Applicants should be able to
competently handle telephone calls, be well-organized, have an eye for detail,
possess strong writing skills, be generally knowledgeable of legislative and
related issues, and be able to complete tasks as directed. Main duties include
answering telephones, logging constituent calls, giving tours of the Capitol to
visitors, opening and sorting mail, and assisting with other projects. Interns will
have many opportunities to take on additional responsibilities within the office, at
the discretion of staff. Interest in fiscal responsibility and ties to South Carolina
preferred. Anyone interested should send a resume to Martha@mail.house.gov.

MEM-311-15

The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is currently
accepting applications for Spring 2015. Intern responsibilities include
researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings
and briefings, answering phones, day to day office duties, and answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House of Representatives. As a
result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of
a congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30
PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to
MeehanDCIntern@gmail.com. The deadline to apply is November 20, 2015. Ties
to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District are preferred, but not required.

MEM-310-15

The DC office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from Washington’s 6th
Page 2 of 19

district, is looking for personable, diligent full or part-time interns to start for the
upcoming Late Fall/Winter term. This is an opportunity to learn about the innerworkings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment.
The internship allows access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide
range of important issues. Responsibilities include assisting with constituent
correspondence, producing daily press clips, and leading tours of the Capitol.
This is a unique opportunity and prime for students or recent grads who are
interested in learning about the legislative process or may eventually want to
work for the federal government. To apply, please send a resume, contact
information for two references, and a cover letter outlining your interest in the
position to nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within
a week. Those with Washington state ties strongly encouraged to apply. We look
forward to hearing from you!
MEM-309-15

The Office of Congressman Juan Vargas (CA-51) is currently seeking interns for
the Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2015 semester.
Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to, assisting staff with
legislative research, administrative office duties, attending hearings/briefings for
staff members, answering phones, sorting through mail, drafting response letters,
and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol. This position is unpaid, but does offer a
great educational experience for anyone with aspirations of working on the Hill.
Ideal candidates should have good communication skills and a positive attitude.
California ties and Economics/Business majors are preferred.
All interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
daniel.gaytan@mail.house.gov.

MEM-308-15

Energetic NY Democrat is seeking a highly motivated Legal Fellow to assist
with a number of issues, including criminal justice, intellectual property, and
financial services. Responsibilities include analyzing policy issues, drafting
memos, researching policy positions, and assisting extremely active legislative
staff as needed. The ideal candidate is a law school student or recent law school
graduate and should possess strong communication skills, attention to detail, and
the ability to operate in a fast-paced environment. Candidates with New York ties
and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. This
fellowship is unpaid but is eligible for school credit where applicable.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample to
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov with “Legal Fellowship” in the subject line.
Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-307-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04) seeks highly
motivated interns, full time or part time, for Fall 2015. Successful candidates
will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and professional.
Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
Page 3 of 19

Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will:
answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the
US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative
research. Internships are unpaid, but arrangements may be made to earn academic
credit.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
OR04.InternCoordinator@mail.house.gov. Candidates with Oregon ties are
strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-306-15

Democratic Congressman Mike Honda is seeking interns for the fall.
Interns will:
‐ Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting incoming mail,
greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
‐ Assist in the preparation of letters to constituents.
‐ Perform legislative research.
‐ Respond to requests from constituents.
‐ Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
‐ Sit in on meetings with stakeholders.
‐ Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the legislative process.
Candidates with full-time availability are highly preferred. Additionally, ties to
the Bay Area and additional languages are preferred.
Congressman Mike Honda represents California’s 17th Congressional District,
which includes much of Silicon Valley. He serves on the prestigious
Appropriations Committee’s subcommittees on Commerce, Justice, and Science
and on Energy and Water. He is a champion of progressive ideals has a strong
focus on education, civil rights, and science and technology policy.
Applicants should email a resume and cover letter to:
bayareademocrat@gmail.com.

MEM-305-15

The Office of Congressman Trent Franks (R-AZ) seeks Fall 2015 interns for his
Washington D.C. office. Candidates should be energetic, hard-working, eager to
learn, and able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interns will be responsible for answering phones, speaking with constituents
about legislative affairs, scheduling and giving Capitol tours, attending briefings,
and supporting the legislative staff. Other responsibilities may include editing or
writing briefs, doing research on current legislation, planning events on the Hill,
and responding to constituent mail.

Page 4 of 19

Interested candidates should email a current resume to
Chelsea.Patterson@mail.house.gov.
MEM-304-15

Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for January through May 2016. Main responsibilities include
answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
researching legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There
will also be opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest.
Candidates should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate
(with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred.
Please e-mail your cover letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at
samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-301-15

Louisiana Republican seeks full and part time intern(s) to start immediately in
Washington, DC office. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
greeting constituents, answering phone calls, opening and sorting mail,
scheduling and guiding US Capitol Building tours, and assisting staff with
administrative tasks. Interns are also provided the opportunity to conduct
legislative research and attend briefings, hearing, and press events.
Ideal candidate will have excellent written and verbal communication skills,
strong work ethic, ability to multi-task, and a positive attitude.
Southern ties preferred, but not necessary.
Those interested please send resumes to Ann.Pierce@mail.house.gov with “Intern
Application” in the subject line.

MEM-300-15

Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for
his Fall 2015 and Spring 2015 internship program in his Washington, D.C.
office. He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated, detailoriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and
writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns
will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the
legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities will include
answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on
various projects. Although internships are unpaid, the office is happy to fill out
any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or
university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates
should email a resume and cover letter to Victoria.Bell@mail.house.gov.

MEM-298-15

Communications office for Democratic Leadership seeks a driven and dedicated
press intern to assist a fast-paced press team with daily operations to start
immediately. This is an unpaid, full-time, Monday through Friday position.
Page 5 of 19

Job Description: Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to: answering
phones, fielding reporter inquiries, assisting with the management of press
events, helping to monitor press clips, tracking social media and breaking news,
and transcribing interviews, speeches, and remarks.
Requirements: Interns should have a demonstrated interest in political
communication. Applicants should have strong writing and proofreading skills,
an ability to handle high-pressure situations, and a solid understanding of politics
and the legislative process. Prior Hill experience and/or social media and Spanish
language skills are a plus.
Please e-mail resume and cover letter to taylor.griffin@mail.house.gov.
MEM-296-15

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) is pleased to announce the availability of fulltime and part-time Congressional Communications Internships in his
Washington, D.C. office beginning immediately.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill office, gaining valuable exposure
and knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress. Intern
responsibilities will include working closely with the Communications Director
to draft messaging documents and respond to press inquiries messaging.
Additionally intern responsibilities will include greeting constituents, answering
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building
tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist with correspondence, as
well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills as well as social media and other
communications experience. Additionally, ideal candidates will be self-starters,
take and listen to direction, and be able to work both independently and as part of
a team.
Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics as
well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly
preferred. Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.

MEM-295-15

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as
recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its
Fall 2015 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member
Page 6 of 19

services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support.
Please note that this is not a paid internship. Interested applicants should send a
cover letter, resume, and available hours to CHADem.Intern@mail.house.gov
with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship.”
MEM-294-15

The Office of Congressman Garret Graves (LA-06) is currently seeking interns
for the Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2015 semester. Intern responsibilities
include but are not limited to, assisting staff with general office duties, attending
hearings/briefings for staff members, answering phones, sorting through mail,
drafting response letters, and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol. Qualified
applicants should be organized, enthusiastic and professional with have excellent
written and oral communication skills. This position is unpaid, but does offer a
great educational experience for anyone with aspirations of working on the Hill.
Having Louisiana ties is a plus. All interested applicants should send a cover
letter and resume to Chelsea.Keene@mail.house.gov.

MEM-291-15

The Washington, DC, office of a high profile Member of Congress has unpaid
Press internship openings to begin immediately until end of the year.
Press interns are expected to work long hours and commit between 3-5 days per
week. Internship duties include, but are not limited to compiling and daily clips,
drafting press releases and op-eds, proofreading and editing, maintaining press
lists, updating Member's communications calendar, website and social media
platforms. Intern may also assist with answering phones, incoming and outgoing
mail, addressing constituent concerns, and assisting the Legislative/District office
staff. Strong writing skills are needed and familiarity with new media and
website development is a plus. Priority will be given to those with journalism or
communications education/experience.
The ideal candidate will be creative, motivated, mature, detail-orientated, and
possess the ability to multi-task under high pressure. This is a great opportunity
for college students and recent graduates. Women and minorities, especially
those with Spanish language fluency, are highly encouraged to apply.
To apply for the position, please send your cover letter, resume and writing
sample addressed to the Comm. Director at ny13intern@gmail.com with the
subject: Press Intern.

MEM-290-15

Congressman Himes’ Washington D.C. office (CT-04) seeks motivated interns
available to start immediately. Potential interns should be able to work
independently, have good communication skills, and have an interest in the
legislative process. Tasks will include fielding constituent inquiries, drafting
memos and letters, attending briefings, leading tours of the capitol and helping
with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to learn more
about and focus on their issues of interest, through letter-writing and briefings.
Interns will work closely with the Staff Assistant, Legislative Correspondent,
Page 7 of 19

Legislative Assistants, and Scheduler on day-to day tasks and special projects.
Connecticut ties and full time availability preferred but not required.
Interested parties should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to
Kamilah.Tisdale@mail.house.gov.
MEM-289-15

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid full-time press intern
with exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring
interesting and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks
as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills.
All interested and qualified candidates should email a resume and two writing
samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject “Press Internship” to:
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-288-15

Southern Republican is seeking interns for the Fall 2015 semester to join the
Washington, DC office. Ideal candidates will have excellent written and verbal
communication skills as this position involves significant constituent interaction.
Applicants must be detail oriented, professional, and highly organized.
Responsibilities include scheduling and conducting Capitol tours, processing
constituent mail, answering phones, conducting general administrative tasks, and
supporting policy staff with various projects.
Interested applicants may send a resume and cover letter to
eliza.thurston@mail.house.gov.

MEM-287-15

Congressman Tim Walz (MN-01) is seeking prospective interns available to start
immediately. Applicants should be highly-motivated, well-organized and eager
to assist with the legislative, communications and administrative needs of the
office. Such duties include, but are not limited to, attending briefings, answering
phones, drafting constituent response letters, conducting research, giving tours of
the Capitol and various other administrative tasks. Applicants should possess an
interest in the legislative process, as well as strong written and verbal
communications skills. Minnesota ties are a plus, but not required.
Applications accepted for both full and part-time positions (min. 20 hours per
week). This is an unpaid position.
To be considered, please send a resume, cover letter and at least three (3)
references ASAP to: alyssa.berg@mail.house.gov.

MEM-286-15

Midwest Republican is currently seeking interns in his Washington, D.C. office
for fall 2015 (September-December). Interns perform a variety of
responsibilities, including answering phones, receiving guests, and providing
tours of the Capitol Building. They will also research legislation for the
Page 8 of 19

legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on
various issues before the House. Interns should possess strong research, writing,
analytical, and interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates should express an
interest in politics and conservative values.
All internships are unpaid. However, if your college or university offers credit
hours we are happy to complete any necessary evaluations.
Interested candidates should email their resume and cover letter to
MOCongressionalInternship@gmail.com.
MEM-282-15

Intern needed to start immediately. Stipend available. Please indicate any
connections to Minnesota in your cover letter's first paragraph.
We are seeking energetic and proficient interns in the Washington, D.C. office of
Congresswoman Betty McCollum (MN04). An internship in Congresswoman
McCollum’s office will provide valuable experience to students as they prepare
for their professional careers. Interns have the opportunity to work with and assist
all members of the staff, including legislative, administrative, outreach and press
duties. Washington, DC interns will be encouraged to take advantage of the
many hearings, workshops and seminars that are held on Capitol Hill.
In addition, we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for
academic credit. Applicants should be highly motivated and enthusiastic, as there
are far more applicants than available positions.
Minnesota ties are strongly preferred.
Responsibilities include:
• Supporting administrative staff: answering phones, database entry, and sorting
mail.
• Supporting legislative staff: tracking constituent correspondence, drafting
letters, and conducting light research.
• Attending briefings and hearings for legislative staff.
• Compiling news clips.
• Promoting constituent outreach efforts by communicating with constituents and
constituent groups, attending meetings and events, and drafting correspondence.
Hours:
• Internships are available year‐round.
• They are available on a part‐time or full‐time basis. Minimum 25 hours a week.
• Transportation and housing are the responsibility of interns.
Application process:
Applicants should send a cover letter, available hours and a resume.
Page 9 of 19

Those interested in a Washington, DC internship should email
scheduler_mn04dc@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate any Minnesota ties in the first paragraph of your cover letter.
MEM-281-15

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the fall 2015 semester. Interns will work in
a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of
the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as
attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able
to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as
well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and
resume. Availability must be in cover letter.

MEM-279-15

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available full-time and part-time, unpaid
internships for the 2015 Fall and 2015 Winter semesters in his Washington, D.C.
office beginning immediately. Interns will work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill
office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and
the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents,
answering constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol
building tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have
the opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist with correspondence, as
well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Interns will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Social media and other communications experience a
plus. Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be
able to work both independently and as part of a team. Applicants should have
working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to
assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Those interested please send resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.

MEM-278-15

Congresswoman Mimi Walters (CA-45), a Republican freshman member who
holds a GOP leadership positon, seeks part-time interns to start immediately in
Page 10 of 19

her DC office. Responsibilities will include but are not limited to administrative
duties, legislative research, helping with mail, assisting with tours and other
constituent services.
Preference is for an individual who can work part-time from now through
December. California ties are preferred, but not necessary.
If interested please send a resume and a brief cover letter to
InternshipsCA45@gmail.com with “Internship Application” in the subject line.
MEM-277-15

Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks part time/full time hard working intern
for fall 2015. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone
calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending
various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication
skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest
in learning more about the legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov.
Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.

MEM-275-15

Northeastern House Democrat seeks a full-time intern to start immediately in
Washington, D.C. office. Duties will include drafting constituent
correspondence, sorting mail, answering telephones, attending legislative
briefings, assisting the legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned.
Ideal candidates will have strong written and verbal communications skills, the
ability to multi-task, and a positive attitude.
Please email cover letter, resume, and availability to
housedeminterns@gmail.com.

MEM-274-15

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently
seeking undergraduate interns for Fall 2015. Interns perform a variety of tasks
that support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may
include, but are not limited to, legislative research, assembling information,
assisting staff during hearing and markup preparation and execution, and
attending hearings, markups, briefings and meetings. Media work may include
assisting staff to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting
with the production of daily news clips relating to Committee’s
issues. Undergraduate Interns are also trained to perform administrative duties,
such as answering phones, and sorting and distributing mail.
Applicants should be able to start in September and commit through midDecember.

Page 11 of 19

Interested applicants should email their cover letter and resume to
jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
MEM-272-15

The office of Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (NE-01) is seeking full and part-time
interns for the fall semester in its DC office. Interns engage in a variety of tasks,
and their responsibilities are assigned based on interests, capabilities, and the
needs of the office. Interns will have the opportunity to hone their legislative
research and writing skills and interact with senior legislative staff; attend
hearings and briefings on Capitol Hill; assist with media/communications tasks
and gain proficiency in IQ; and participate in our office’s top priority, constituent
outreach, by leading tours, greeting visitors, and answering phones. Exceptional
interns in the past have gotten opportunities to write constituent letters and
contribute to constituent and staff meetings on and around Capitol Hill.
If you are interested in applying for one of the most robust internship programs
on the Hill, please submit a cover letter including the reason you would like an
internship in Congressman Fortenberry’s office, your résumé, two writing
samples, and references to NE01internships@gmail.com.

MEM-271-15

The Office of Congressman Paul D. Tonko offers unpaid internship
opportunities for students and recent college graduates seeking to gain a better
understanding of the legislative process. Interns in our office are offered a
comprehensive learning opportunity that goes above and beyond a normal
internship on Capitol Hill.
Part of an intern’s responsibilities in our office are fairly typical, including
answering phones and helping with our mail program. However, they are also
offered the opportunity to research and draft constituent correspondences on a
wide variety of issues, provide Capitol tours to constituents, attend briefings both
for staffers and for their own learning purposes, and assist with research for
legislative staff members.
Every intern plays a critical role in the day-to-day operation of the office, and
staff members do everything they can to ensure they receive a beneficial and
rewarding experience here in our office.
Ideally looking for an intern who can start immediately or in early September and
can intern at least 3 full days a week. Full-time preferred.
If you have any questions regarding our internship program, please do not
hesitate to contact James Johnson by email at: james.johnson@mail.house.gov or
by phone at (202) 225-5076.

MEM-270-15

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting
Page 12 of 19

and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned.
The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and two writing samples.
Please submit all inquiries with the subject “Press Internship” to:
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
MEM-269-15

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
fall. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest
in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask, attention to detail, and a sense of humor.
Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional
briefings and hearings, responding to constituent correspondence, drafting policy
memos, and general office duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous
internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer.
No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-268-15

Arizona Republican is seeking fall semester interns for his Washington D.C.
office. Duties of interns include answering telephones, greeting visitors,
conducting tours, sorting mail, and assisting staff members with projects as
needed. Applicants should be organized, should have strong time management
and writing skills, and should be able to complete tasks with minimal
supervision. Arizona ties and previous Hill experience a plus but not required.
Please send a cover letter, one-page resume, and a two- to three-page writing
sample to GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com with “Internship Application” in the
subject line. No phone calls please.

MEM-267-15

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for Spring of 2016.
Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and
professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and
members of the media.
Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and
developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide
professional and educational value to participants.
Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as
work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to
Page 13 of 19

work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the
legislative process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience
strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
No phone calls, please.
MEM-266-15

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking full-time
interns for her Washington D.C. office for Spring of 2016.
Ideal candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong writing
skills and work ethic. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent
correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid
and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants.
Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as
work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in
a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
No phone calls, please.

MEM-259-15

The district offices of Congressman Rod Blum (R IA-01) are seeking candidates
for an unpaid internship to assist with day-to-day operations in Cedar Rapids,
Dubuque, or Cedar Falls, Iowa. Responsibilities include administrative office
duties, researching legislation, planning and attending district events, recording
constituent input, and attending meetings throughout the district.
Part-time or full-time positions are available.
The ideal candidate will be professional, responsible, have strong writing skills,
and above all, be dedicated to upholding the principles of the Constitution.
Interested applicants should send their resume and cover letter, including desired
office placement, to: Alexah.Rogge@mail.house.gov.

MEM-258-15

The Office of Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster (NH-02) is seeking qualified
candidates to intern full time and part time in our Washington, D.C. office.
Interns will have a chance to experience first-hand the operations of a U.S.
Congressional office, learn about the legislative process, and gain Capitol Hill
experience.
Responsibilities include administrative tasks such as answering phones,
welcoming guests, and leading constituent tours.
In addition, interns will be required to conduct legislative research, draft
constituent correspondence and vote recommendations, attend briefings and
hearings and other projects as needed.
Page 14 of 19

Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to the Northeast—especially New
Hampshire—are preferred, but not required.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter,
resume, writing sample, and references to NH02.Internship@mail.house.gov.
Please include “Last Name, First Name - Internship Application” in the subject
line and include your available start and end dates and weekly schedule in the
email.
MEM-257-15

The Office of Congressman Curt Clawson (R-FL) is seeking full-time and parttime interns for the 2015 fall semester (October – December) in its Washington,
D.C. location.
The ideal candidate will have excellent research and writing skills, be able to
multi-task, and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity
to gain experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process,
and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include answering the phone,
guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and
supporting the legislative and communications staff on various projects.
Internships are unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms for students
to receive academic credit. Hours are 8:30 – 5:30 on available days, ideally
Monday/Wednesday or Tuesday/Thursday with alternate Fridays. Please contact
Alex.Krueger@mail.house.gov with a resume and one-page writing sample to
apply

MEM-256-15

Senior New Jersey Republican Congressman is seeking interns for his
Washington, DC office.
Applications being accepted for Fall semester, and throughout the year.
Intern duties will include, but are not limited to: answering constituent letters on
various issues, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings and answering phones.
Interns will also conduct Capitol tours for visitors.
Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
Congressional office.
Candidates must be highly motivated; detail oriented, and possess strong
communication and organizational skills, while having a strong work ethic to
complete tasks on a deadline.
The internship is unpaid.
Interns can receive college credit based on policy of the educational institution.
Flexible work schedules are available, but full days preferred.
Page 15 of 19

Please send resumes and cover letters to Stephen Bradford at
NJ05Internship@mail.house.gov.
MEM-252-15

The Office of Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14) is seeking full and part-time interns for
fall 2015 in our Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong
written and verbal communication skills and a strong work ethic.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting the staff with
general office duties, answering phones, responding to constituent mail,
researching legislative issues, leading Capitol Hill tours, and attending briefings
and hearings.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
Ryan.Diffley@mail.house.gov, please use the subject “Fall 2015 Intern”.

MEM-250-15

Congressman Mike Honda represents California’s 17th Congressional District,
which includes much of Silicon Valley. He serves on the prestigious
Appropriations Committee’s subcommittees on Commerce, Justice, and Science
and on Energy and Water. He is a champion of progressive ideals has a strong
focus on education, civil rights, and science and technology policy.
Democratic Congressman Mike Honda is seeking interns for the fall.
Interns will:
- Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting incoming mail,
greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
- Assist in the preparation of letters to constituents.
- Perform legislative research.
- Respond to requests from constituents.
- Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
- Sit in on meetings with stakeholders.
- Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the legislative process.
Candidates with full-time availability are highly preferred.
Additionally, ties to the Bay Area and additional languages are preferred.
POC for resumes submission: Bayareademocrat@gmail.com.

MEM-247-15

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) seeks undergraduate or graduate
students for full-time or part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, DC
office. As a fast-paced office for an active member of the Democratic leadership,
we expect a lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship
program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail,
attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research
assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess excellent
writing and communications skills, strong attention to detail, and an interest in
the legislative process. Colorado ties preferred but not required.
Page 16 of 19

Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to CO01.scheduler@mail.house.gov.
MEM-243-15

West Virginia Republican Congressman is accepting applications for interns for
his Washington, D.C. office. Duties will include answering telephones, greeting
visitors, conducting tours, processing flag requests and assisting D.C. staff with
various projects. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills, time
management skills, and writing skills. West Virginia ties are preferred.
Please send a cover letter and resume to WV03Job@gmail.com with “Intern”
listed in the subject header. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-242-15

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks fall interns for her Washington, D.C.
office. Interns will work in a fast-paced and fun congressional office, gaining
valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress. Intern
responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone
calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting
with constituent correspondence. Additionally, interns will have the opportunity
to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and briefings for the
legislative staff.
The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Prospective interns should be able to commit at least 16 hours per week.
Washington state ties are a plus, but are not required.
Interested applicants should send a current resume and cover letter to
Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.

MEM-241-15

The Office of Congresswoman Marcia L. Fudge is looking for a motivated
unpaid press intern in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern responsibilities
include assisting the staff with general office duties, attending briefings and
hearings, assisting communications team with research and writing support,
compiling news clips, drafting press releases, developing copy for the web,
answering phones, sorting mail, and giving Capitol tours.
Applicants must possess strong writing and communication skills, have a positive
attitude and be well-organized.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resumé, and writing sample to
OH11pressjobs@mail.house.gov. Ohio ties preferred, but not required.

MEM-239-15

The Majority Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a
full-time or part-time Communications Intern for the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include compiling press clips, drafting talking points and
press releases, updating the website and working closely with the legislative staff.
The ideal candidate will possess strong written communications skills, the ability
Page 17 of 19

to work in a fast-paced environment, professionalism and a good sense of humor.
Interested applicants should send your resume, short writing sample and
completed application, including essay, found on our website,
http://veterans.house.gov/internship-opportunities to Jessica Eggimann at
(varinternship@mail.house.gov) with "Press Intern" in the subject line.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-238-15

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Fall 2015. Duties will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic
administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication
skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are preferred.
Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to
CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “Fall Congressional Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-236-15

Interns based in Washington, D.C. will focus on learning about the legislative
process and the federal government by working closely with the legislative,
communications and constituent services staff members.
Interested candidates should email their cover letter, resume, a short writing
sample and a letter of recommendation to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-233-15

Congressman Coffman (R-CO) seeks hard-working, enthusiastic legislative
interns for the Fall 2015 semester in his Washington, DC office. Interns are
responsible for: giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering constituent calls,
sorting constituent correspondence, assisting legislative staff with research and
writing, processing U.S. flag requests, attending Congressional briefings and
hearings, and attending events with the Congressman as necessary.
Applicants should have strong written and oral communication skills, exceptional
interpersonal skills, and have demonstrable interest in public policy and
government. Attractive applicants will have completed at least 60 credit hours of
undergraduate coursework. Those with Colorado ties and professional
proficiency in Spanish are encouraged to apply.
Although the internship is unpaid, this is a great way to learn about the legislative
process and begin a career on the Hill. To apply, please send a resume and cover
letter to ColoradoRepublican06@gmail.com.

MEM-232-15

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
Fall. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest
in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but
Page 18 of 19

are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office
duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer. No calls or
walk-ins please.

Page 19 of 19

