________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 4, 2017

MEM-475-17

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan (PA-7), a
Republican Member of the Ways & Means Committee, is currently accepting
intern applications for Spring 2018. Intern responsibilities include researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings,
answering phones, day to day office duties, and answering constituent messages
on various issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session. Ties to
Pennsylvania are preferred but not required. Please note, this internship is unpaid
but we will work with candidates seeking course credit for their work.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and brief (3-page
maximum) writing sample. The cover letter should detail why you would like to
intern with Congressman Meehan's Office. Application materials should be sent
to clay.bryan@mail.house.gov with "Meehan DC Internship" in the subject line.
No calls or drop-ins, please.

Page 1 of 15

MEM-473-17

The House Committee on Small Business is seeking interns for the Spring of
2018. Interns will have the opportunity to actively engage in the legislative
process on a daily basis through assisting the Chairman and committee staff.
Intern responsibilities include preparing for hearings and markups, conducting
research, attending hearings and briefings, assisting press team with social media
outreach, answering phones, and completing other administrative tasks as
necessary. Interns will work side by side with experienced, full-time staff and
play an integral part in the daily operations of the office. Interested applicants
should send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to
Hannah.Schmidt@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-472-17

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Raúl Labrador (ID-01) is seeking
full-time, paid interns to begin in January 2018. Congressman Labrador’s office
is looking for highly motivated, capable interns to assist his staff.
Successful applicants should possess conservative values and hold strong written
and verbal communication skills. Position duties include but are not limited to:
arranging/leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering the main office phone line,
drafting constituent correspondence, and assisting legislative staff with research
and committee materials.
Most importantly, a congressional internship is a great experience for college
students with a passion for public service and the legislative process. Internships
will teach students the inner workings of Congress and constituent services. They
will provide opportunities for students to improve their writing, legislative
research, and communication and interpersonal skills. Recent graduates are also
welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter summarizing their interest in working for Congressman Labrador to
Will.Johnson@mail.house.gov. Idaho ties are preferred, but not required. Please
use “(Your Name) - Labrador Internship Spring 2018” in the subject line.

MEM-470-17

The office of Congresswoman Terri A. Sewell (D-AL) is seeking a full time
Press and Digital Intern to start in January of 2018 and stay with the office
through May.
Internship Description:
• Learn how to write emails and campaign actions that you’ll send to over
100,000 constituents
• Design and curate content for social media and connect with our local and
national audience
• Work side-by-side with our Press Secretary, learning the ropes of digital
content production and press outreach
• Assist in traditional media outreach to newspapers, television and other
media outlets
Page 2 of 15

•

Analyze the results of your work and report on successes and failures

Qualifications:
• Passion for working to address issues of voting rights, health care,
education, and job growth
• Writing experience; ability to communicate message in concise and
compelling manner
• Understanding of what makes online content both shareable and
persuasive, including blogs and social media
• Interest in graphic design/infographic design
• Some experience with photography, and in HTML, Microsoft Word, and
Excel
To Apply:
Send your resume and cover letter to Sewell.Press@mail.house.gov
MEM-469-17

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for Winter 2018. We are seeking motivated,
organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff
with day-to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering
phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Florida ties
are encouraged but not required. Please send resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample to FL13Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-468-17

Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D) is currently hiring spring interns for his
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include answering phones, sorting
mail and faxes, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and providing general office support as needed. Intern
candidates should be current or recent college students, regardless of major but
with an interest in Congress and the legislative process. Full time availability is
preferred, but part-time candidates are encouraged to apply as well.
To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to
LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. Please include any Iowa connections in
the body of the email. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-467-17

California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time
interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified
candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office,
intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give
tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication,
research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and
briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid but the office will
Page 3 of 15

provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their
respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and
cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.
MEM-465-17

The office of Congressman Buchanan is seeking full time interns for an
immediate start.
Job Description
Our internship program offers interns a chance to learn and work on the hill and
see how the highest levels of government work. Being the office of a senior
member of the House Ways and Means Committee, interns will have exposure to
healthcare, tax, and trade issues. Interns will assist staff with legislative projects,
attend briefings and hearings, and assist with maintaining data bases. Interns will
also work on a policy proposal under the guidance of staff and will present their
policy proposal at the end of their internship.
Interns will also have the chance to attend briefings independently and on the
behalf of staff. At the end of the internship, interns will have a firm understanding
of how Capitol Hill works, a bespoke policy proposal, and full understanding of
how the legislative process works.
Required Skills
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn
Application instructions
Please email your resume and available start date to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.

MEM-464-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is
seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming spring
semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and
communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases,
answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability
to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political
process and congressional affairs. Candidates with an interest in issues associated
with the Congressman’s membership on the House Foreign Affairs Committee or
House Budget Committee are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume, cover
letter and dates of availability to Perry.Goffner@mail.house.gov with “Name Internship Application” in the subject line.

MEM-463-17

The office of Congresswoman Elizabeth H. Esty (CT-05) is currently seeking
unpaid interns for Spring 2018. Interns will gain valuable exposure to and
Page 4 of 15

knowledge of the legislative process, communications, and the United States
Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to: drafting constituent
correspondence, greeting constituents and answering phones, drafting constituent
outreach materials, performing legislative research, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional
tasks to assist the legislative and communications teams. We are seeking hardworking and detail-oriented college students with outstanding communication
and time management skills. Applicants should have an ability to work in a fastpaced environment, have basic computer skills, possess excellent writing skills,
and have an enthusiastic attitude. Interns are accepted throughout the year on both
a full and part-time (at least 15 hours/week) basis. District ties preferred but not
required. To apply for an internship in the DC office, please submit a cover letter,
resume, and a brief writing sample (1-2 pages) to
Sarah.Wiszniak@mail.house.gov. If you have any questions, please contact Sarah
Wiszniak at (202) 225-4476.
MEM-462-17

The Office of Representative Ro Khanna (CA-17) is seeking qualified candidates
to intern in the Washington, D.C. office from early January through late April to
early May of 2018. Although internships are unpaid, students gain invaluable
work experience on Capitol Hill. The hours can be flexible to accommodate
students' evening schedules but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Interns are
expected to be in the office at least 35 hours per week.
Interns’ responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run
errands, draft content for the communications team, research legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer
constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to California are preferred, but not
required.
To apply to intern in the DC office, please send your resume, a short writing
sample, and your dates and times of availability to
ca17dcinterns.resumes@mail.house.gov. Due to the high volume of applicants, a
response is not guaranteed. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-461-17

Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) seeks conservative and diligent interns for
the spring semester. Duties including helping to draft constituent
correspondence, welcoming constituents, leading Capitol tours, assisting with
research, and aiding legislative staff. This unpaid internship would last
Page 5 of 15

from January to May, and is a challenging and meaningful introduction to the
legislative process. To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to
KS04DC.InternshipApplication@mail.house.gov.
MEM-460-17

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) has immediate openings for unpaid fulltime and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be
motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability,
and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a
plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter –
including desired start date, and a 1-2-page writing sample to
Lujan.Tours@mail.house.gov.

MEM-459-17

Congressman Sean P. Duffy is looking for Winter/Spring interns! We are
looking for energetic and driven individuals who are eager to learn. Congressman
Duffy represents Wisconsin’s 7th Congressional District and serves on the House
Financial Services Committee as the Chairman of the House Financial Services
Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance. The internship program is a very
hands-on program where our goal is to make you feel like you are a part of the
team and not just an intern whose sole responsibility is to answer phones. The
main mission of the program is placement. Our hope is that after our interns leave
the program they are prepared to step right into a Staff Assistant or maybe even a
Legislative Correspondent position on Capitol Hill. If you are a student or recent
graduate and think you would benefit from this opportunity please email your
resume and cover letter to Wisc.internship@gmail.com. Ties to Wisconsin are not
required but preferred.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•
•

Legislative Research
Writing constituent correspondence
Administrative Duties
Tours of the U.S. Capitol

QUALIFICATIONS:
•
•
•

Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Track record of responsibility
Exemplifies great customer service

Page 6 of 15

MEM-457-17

The Office of Congressman Tim Walz (MN-01) is currently seeking motivated,
organized, and reliable full or part time interns for the Spring 2018 semester in
Washington DC. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, greeting
visitors, answering phones, conducting US Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail,
drafting letters to constituents, attending briefings, conducting legislative research
and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Ideal candidates will have
excellent written and oral communication skills, experience working in a
professional setting, ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and enthusiasm
for the political process and congressional operations. Minnesota ties are a plus,
but not required. Interested applicants should send a résumé, cover letter, and a
brief writing sample to Kate Rohr at Kate.Rohr@mail.house.gov with “Spring
Internship” in the subject line. Minorities and women are encouraged to apply.

MEM-456-17

Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is currently seeking interns for the Winter
term for his Washington D.C. office. Candidates must be self-starters, detail
oriented, have excellent writing and communication skills, and be able to multitask. The internship involves researching legislative issues, assisting with
incoming mail, attending lectures and hearings, giving Capitol tours, working
with legislative staff on special projects and assisting with other general office
duties. Please note that this is an unpaid internship, if you are seeking college
credit our office would be happy to assist in that. California ties a plus, but not
necessary. Please email your cover letter and resume to
kathleen.devlin@mail.house.gov with Winter Internship in the subject line.

MEM-455-17

Conservative Midwestern Member of Congress seeking a part/full time Intern.
Duties include, but aren’t limited to, performing administrative tasks, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
writing and research. Preferred start date is January 3, 2017 and end date is
negotiable. Interested applicants should submit their resume and a writing
sample to IA01resumes@mail.house.gov..

MEM-454-17

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a press intern
for Spring 2017. Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and
written communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about press
operations, the political process, and congressional affairs. The intern will assist
in the day-to-day operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting
congressional staff with press clips and constituent communication. The intern
will also help to draft press releases, prep memos, and social media posts, in
addition to assisting with legislative research and administrative
activities. Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this
internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, writing sample,
and cover letter to Lauren Mcilvaine, Lauren.Mcilvaine@mail.house.gov. No
calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-453-17

Democratic Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks current college
students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for summer
Page 7 of 15

2017 internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern duties include answering
phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail and faxes,
leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and other
responsibilities as needed. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral and
written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to work on
a variety of tasks. Preference given to interns with full-time availability, but those
seeking part-time internships will be considered. Pennsylvania ties a plus but not
required. Internship positions are unpaid. To apply, please email cover letter,
resume, and a brief writing sample (no more than two pages) to Jordan Sciascia at
Jordan.Sciascia@mail.house.gov. Please include availability in your cover letter.
MEM-452-17

Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Cambridge,
MA team for a full-time/part-time, unpaid internship during spring 2018.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Strong writing skills with
close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
This non-paying internship offers young professionals a hands-on opportunity to
be involved with the daily working of a United States Representative’s office.
Responsibilities include researching issues and information, aiding in responding
to constituent concerns, various clerical and administrative tasks, and attending
occasional meetings. To maximize this experience, interns work directly with
members of the district office staff. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and
previous internship and/or work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a brief writing sample, resume and cover letter to
jon.lenicheck@mail.house.gov.

MEM-451-17

West Coast Blue Dog Democrat seeks highly motivated communications interns
in the DC office for the Winter/Spring semester. Responsibilities include, but are
not limited to media monitoring; drafting press releases, talking points and social
media; developing press lists; performing research and generally supporting the
Communications Director. Candidates should be detail oriented with excellent
writing skills and an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Graphic/photo skills a plus, though not required. Candidates should submit a
resume and writing sample to or05.pressintern@gmail.com.

MEM-450-17

The office of Congressman Dave Reichert (WA-08) is currently seeking
candidates for full and part-time internships in his Washington, D.C. office for
the winter and spring sessions, with some positions available immediately. These
are unpaid internships; however, opportunities for school credit are available if
needed. The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of
major. Interns will observe firsthand the inner workings of a Congressional
office, while gaining relevant and valuable knowledge of the legislative process.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, conducting legislative
research, compiling press clips, assisting with front office operations, helping
with constituent relations, and receiving training in order to conduct U.S. Capitol
Page 8 of 15

tours. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend legislative briefings and
congressional hearings on Capitol Hill.
Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic and be detailed-oriented and well
organized. He/she will also possess strong communication and writing skills, as
well as an enthusiasm for the political process and fast-paced congressional
operations. Successful candidates will be personable, adaptable, good-humored,
and service-oriented. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.
Congressman Reichert is a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee
and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to
work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested
applicants should send a resume and cover letter to wa08internship@gmail.com.
MEM-449-17

Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for the Spring of 2018. We are seeking motivated,
organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff
with day-to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering
phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Nevada ties
are encouraged but not required. Please send resume and cover letter to
Catherine.chrobak@mail.house.gov.

MEM-448-17

Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard’s Oahu district office is searching for a full-time
staff assistant. Job responsibilities include fielding constituent calls, processing
mail, coordinating internship program, assisting with casework and constituent
requests for information, maintaining a photographic database, drafting
correspondence, maintaining office equipment, and other administrative duties. In
addition, the staff assistant occasionally represents Congresswoman Gabbard at
community events.
Strong ties to the state and organizational skills are a must. To apply for the
position, please e-mail your cover letter, resume, two writing samples and contact
information for three work references to hi02jobs@gmail.com with the subject
line "STAFF ASSISTANT." No calls or “walk-ins” please.

MEM-446-17

The office of Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart (FL-25) is currently seeking
applications for our Spring Internship Program running from January 2018
through the beginning of May. This position requires greeting guests and
constituents, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, and assisting in general day to day activities. While
unpaid, this position will strengthen your understanding of the legislative process
and give you firsthand experience of the operations necessary to run a
Page 9 of 15

Congressional office. Qualified candidates will be hard working, organized,
possess strong written and oral skills, and have the ability to work in a
professional environment. Interested candidates should send a resume,
availability and cover letter to Elizabeth.DosSantos@mail.house.gov. Deadline
for applications: December 8th, 2017.

MEM-445-17

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) seeks undergraduate or graduate
students for full-time or part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, DC
office. As a fast-paced office for an active member of the Democratic leadership,
we expect a lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship
program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail,
attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research
assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess excellent
writing and communications skills, strong attention to detail, and an interest in
the legislative process. Colorado ties preferred but not required. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to
matthew.allen@mail.house.gov.

MEM-444-17

Congressman Matt Cartwright (D-PA) seeks unpaid interns for his Washington,
D.C. office for the Spring 2018 semester. Intern responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, writing constituent letters, attending legislative briefings, assisting
staff with research and special projects, and preforming administrative duties as
needed. Successful candidates will be detail-oriented and responsible, and
possess strong written and oral communication skills. Pennsylvania ties are
preferred, but not required. Constituents from Pennsylvania’s 17th congressional
district are especially encouraged to apply.
Prospective candidates should submit their application, resume, and cover letter
online at www.cartwright.house.gov/services/internships. No phone calls or dropins, please.

MEM-443-17

The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Majority) is currently accepting
applications for full-time internships for the Spring 2018 session. Working
closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand
knowledge of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional
committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced, front office answering
phones and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting staff with
hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research
projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates must have a
genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic, team player
attitude. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred. Please note the
internships are unpaid positions. Please send cover letter and resume to:
var.internship@mail.house.gov.

Page 10 of 15

MEM-442-17

A West Coast Blue Dog Democratic office is now accepting internship
applications for the winter/spring term. Interns have the unique opportunity to
gain hands on experience in a Congressional office and to provide assistance to
the residents of Oregon’s 5th District. Ideal candidates are positive and energetic,
have excellent people and organizational skills, and are eager to assist with the
legislative and administrative needs of the staff.
Interns will be responsible for assisting the team with phones, mail, tours, flagrequests, and related front office duties. Additional tasks, including drafting
correspondence, research projects, and attending hearings may be assigned on a
case by case basis.
Applicants should be available to work part-time and least 20 hours per week.
Undergraduate and post-graduate students are eligible to apply for internships in
Congressman Schrader’s Washington D.C. office. This is an excellent
opportunity for those looking to enhance their network for post graduate life.
Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to
participants; but students have the opportunity to gain academic credit. Oregon
ties are preferred. If interested, please contact our office at
adrian.ballinger@mail.house.gov with "Winter/Spring Internship" in the subject
line. Please include cover letter, resume and a writing sample.

MEM-441-17

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified graduate and undergraduate interns for the Winter/Spring 2018
program. An internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee
Democratic staff is designed to give students a thorough understanding of a
Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process. Throughout the course
of the program, interns will assist staff with administrative tasks such as
answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials for
staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to
shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects
within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
The ideal candidate is an organized and committed student or recent graduate
who is eager to join a fast-paced environment and build upon their knowledge of
how Congress works—particularly the role of congressional committees in the
federal legislative process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention
to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred,
but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov, with
Page 11 of 15

“Winter/Spring 2018 Democratic Staff Internship” in the subject line. In your
cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes.
MEM-440-17

The Office of Congressman Sarbanes (MD-03) is currently seeking college
students or recent graduates for the Spring 2018 internship program in
Washington, DC. Intern responsibilities include attending briefings and writing
memos for legislative staff, drafting constituent correspondence, assisting the
Communications Director, conducting research for various legislative projects,
and providing administrative support for the office. Preference will be given to
interns with full-time availability.
Ideal candidates must possess a meticulous attention to detail, an enthusiasm for
learning, strong writing skills, and an ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
Ties to Maryland are strongly preferred. Interested applicants may send a resume,
cover letter, two short writing samples, and work availability (Monday-Friday,
etc.) with the subject line “Spring 2018 Internship” to Lucy Shaw at
lucy.shaw@mail.house.gov.

MEM-439-17

The Office of Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (NE-01) is accepting applications
for a motivated and hardworking Capitol Hill intern in our Washington, DC
office. The internship is full-time with room for growth.
Interns are responsible for politely greeting front office guests, professionally
answering calls, enthusiastically leading Capitol Tours for Nebraskans, assisting
the scheduler and staff assistants with administrative office duties, and assisting
the communications team with special projects. Ideal candidates will have a
strong work ethic, attention to detail, strong writing abilities, and thrive in fastpaced environments.
Interested applicants should send a resume with references and two writing
samples, a cover letter addressed to the Congressman detailing why you want to
work for him, and the ideal start and end date with the subject line “Fortenberry
Internship” to Diana.Shin@mail.house.gov. Nebraska ties a strong plus.

MEM-438-17

Democratic Congressman Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking highly motivated
interns to join his Washington D.C. office. Interns will have the chance to
experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a congressional office and gain valuable
work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the
legislative process. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and
briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with
tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence
letters on various issues before the House. Qualified applicants must possess
excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to
detail and ability to function in a fast-paced environment.
Full-time 3 month internship positions are available beginning December 1st,
2017. CA-31 and/or California ties are preferred but not required. Internships are
Page 12 of 15

unpaid, however current students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply,
please send cover letter and resume to Stephanie.Palencia@mail.house.gov..
MEM-437-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) is seeking interns for his Washington office
in the spring. Spanish skills and Texas connection a plus. Send resume, brief
writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use the
subject line: Spring DC Internship Application. No drop-ins please.

MEM-436-17

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking
conservative, highly motivated, and organized applicants for a full or part-time
unpaid internship for a start date beginning the second week in January and
ending the second week in May, with flexible start and end dates.
Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not
required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or
school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover
letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2018 Spring Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-434-17

The office of Congressman Robert Pittenger (R-NC) is currently accepting
applications for legislative interns. Candidates should be highly qualified and
have excellent writing, research, and interpersonal skills. Ideally, candidates
should also be motivated, analytical, and meticulous. This is an unpaid position,
but interns will have the opportunity to collaborate with the legislative staff on
various projects and regularly attend hearings, briefings, and meetings.
Responsibilities also include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
corresponding with constituents, and other miscellaneous tasks for the
legislative staff. Internships can be full or part-time with flexible hours to
accommodate student course schedules. Academic credit may also be available
based on the candidate's academic institution.
Interested candidates should email a resume to Sruthi.Prabhu@mail.house.gov.

MEM-433-17

NC Democratic Member of Congress seeks interns for the spring semester in
Washington, DC office. Although all internships in all offices are unpaid,
students gain invaluable work experience. Our interns' responsibilities are varied
but substantive. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, run errands, and
answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.

Page 13 of 15

The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session. Students will be supervised by the DC Office Staff
Assistant, who will train them to meet our high standards. Students will leave the
internship with a greater understanding of how a Congressional office works,
how constituent relationships are forged and maintained, and how the legislative
process works.
Students should be highly motivated, ready to learn, and eager to work in a fastpaced environment. Please apply by emailing your resume, a cover letter, and one
writing sample to nchousejobs@gmail.com.
MEM-432-17

Congressman Dan Kildee’s Washington, D.C. office is seeking motivated and
hard-working college students for spring internships. Although internships are
unpaid, students will gain valuable work experience in a fast-paced congressional
office.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral
and written communications skills, responsible, dependable, and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them.
Tasks include and are not limited to the following: Researching legislative issues,
preparing constituent correspondence, data entry, and helping maintain the
efficient day-to-day operations of an active Congressional office.
If interested, please send a cover letter and a resume to Jordan Dickinson at
jordan.dickinson@mail.house.gov.
For more information on Congressman Dan Kildee and Michigan’s 5th
Congressional District, please visit our website at www.dankildee.house.gov.

MEM-431-17

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for Fall 2017. We are seeking motivated, organized,
and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with dayto-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving
Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative
research and analysis, and various other tasks. Florida ties are encouraged but not
required. Please send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample to
FL13Internships@mail.house.gov. Applicants must be able to start immediately!

MEM-430-17

The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications
for the 2018 Spring Semester. This is a fulltime internship that requires a
flexible schedule and the ability to travel. Our internship term runs from
early-January through May. Interns will assist with weekly Caucus
meetings, Member outreach, legislative work, and the annual Issues
Conference. Interns will also handle front office duties such as answering
Page 14 of 15

phones, distributing mail, coordinating Capitol tours, and greeting visitors.
Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude, attention to detail and
a great work ethic. Candidates with prior Hill experience, great writing
skills and strong familiarity with House Democrats are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to
CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2018
Spring Democratic Caucus Internship” in the subject line.

Page 15 of 15

