________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 6, 2015

MEM-099-15

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks full time interns for her Washington,
D.C. office. Preference will be given to those able to start immediately. Interns
will work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining valuable experience and
knowledge of the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Washington, D.C. interns will have the
opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
briefings for the legislative staff.
The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Washington state ties are a plus, but are not required.
Interested applicants should send a current resume and cover letter to
Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
Page 1 of 9

MEM-096-15

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting
and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned.
The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and three writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject
“Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-095-15

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this summer.
Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the
legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties.
Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are
strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-094-15

Conservative Republican seeks highly motivated summer intern for DC office.
Successful candidates will be organized, hard-working, and detail-oriented. Intern
will be responsible for assisting staff with legislative and administrative duties
such as greeting visitors, drafting constituent correspondence, answering phones,
and leading Capitol tours. Intern will also have opportunities to attend staff
briefings and committee hearings to gain firsthand knowledge of the legislative
process. The position is unpaid and the intern is responsible for finding housing
in the DC area. Florida ties preferred. If interested, please send a cover letter,
resume, and available dates to fl11internship@gmail.com. No phone calls or
walk-ins, please.

MEM-093-15

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) D.C. office seeks interns for two
summer sessions: (1) May 12- June 27th and (2) June 30th to August 15th. The
ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity and can
take initiative, is committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive
attitude. This position demands the ability to multi-task, high efficiency and
strong organizational skills as well as an ability to work cooperatively and
courteously with others. Duties include: answering telephone calls, responding to
general constituent inquiries and requests for tours, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and providing administrative assistance to the DC staff.
Undergraduate students or recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a
plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should
send a resume and cover letter to: melissa.durity@mail.house.gov. Please include
your availability in your cover letter.

Page 2 of 9

MEM-089-15

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her District office
for unpaid Constituent Services and Outreach internships during the Summer
2015 term.
Constituent Service Internship - Constituent Service Interns will work in the
District office to assist Constituent Service Representatives. Responsibilities
include assisting with constituent files, gathering information from federal
agencies, and answering constituent calls. S/he will monitor congressional
inquiries through online databases.
Outreach Internship - The Outreach Intern will work in the District office
supporting the team with a variety of outreach projects and activities, including
event planning, and advocacy communications. The Outreach Intern also
conducts project research using the web and traditional sources such as booth set
up at events. S/he helps develop several databases and lists of state, local/civic,
and federal organizations and government agencies. S/he must monitor local and
national media through print, online/blog and television news media. The
Outreach Intern also responds to outreach-related initiatives and assists with
general outreach efforts.
Ideal candidates for both positions will be detailed oriented, well organized, and
able to conduct research. Interns should also possess strong written and verbal
communication skills in a professional setting. Undergraduates and recent
graduates of any major with ties to Maryland are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a brief and a one
page writing sample by April 24th to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.

MEM-088-15

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her Washington,
D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the Summer 2015 term.
Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative process and have a desire
to learn while being a part of a hardworking team. Ideal candidates will possess
strong writing and verbal communication skills, a demonstrated interest in
legislative issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an
enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist staff with
legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings, draft memos,
sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours. Candidates with Maryland ties are
strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume, cover letter stating your
availability, and a brief and a one page writing sample by April 24, 2015 to
internship.md04@mail.house.gov.

MEM-087-15

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a fulltime or part-time Press and Social Media intern for the Summer of 2015.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to compiling press clips,
monitoring daily news, drafting talking points and press releases, updating social
media and working closely with the communications director. The ideal
candidate will have previous experience in public relations or journalism, possess
Page 3 of 9

strong written communications skills, ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and professional manner. Please note that the internship is unpaid and housing is
not provided, but student can qualify for academic credit depending on the
requirements of the college or university. Interested applicants should e-mail a
cover letter, resume, short writing sample (in the form of a speech or press
release) and dates of availability with "Norton Press Internship" in the subject
line to william.washington@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-086-15

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a fulltime or part-time intern for the Summer of 2015. This is an opportunity to learn
about the inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced
work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting
events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities will include,
but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the
Capitol, conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing
tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and
courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the legislative and governmental
process. To apply, please send a resume, three references, writing sample, and
cover letter to william.washington@mail.house.gov, with the subject ‘Norton
Internship’. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-085-15

A Democratic California Congressman is seeking one intern to join his
Washington, D.C. team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting
immediately and ending in June with the possibility for extension. Candidates
should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide-range of
assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close
attention to detail, along with a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: assisting with scheduling, answering phone calls,
attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the
U.S. Capitol. A hard-working intern in our office will eventually move on to
assisting staff with more complex legislative and press-related projects.
Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email resume and cover letter in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-084-15

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking highly
motivated and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for
summer 2015. The internship will be broken down into two sessions, the first
running from mid-May to early July and second from early July until late August.
Candidates will only be allowed to participate in one session. Starting and ending
dates are flexible depending on candidate’s schedule. Candidates should possess
interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, and attention to
detail. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering
constituent calls, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing
Page 4 of 9

briefings for legislative staff, and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio
ties are preferred. If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to
intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2015 Summer Internship" in the subject line. No
phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
MEM-080-15

Internship opportunity available immediately in Congressman Bruce
Westerman’s office. The intern will interact with constituents, research legislation
for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, answer
constituent letters on various issues before the House, and other work to support
the Member’s office. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and
writing sample to Victoria.Bell@mail.house.gov.

MEM-079-15

Hawaii Democratic Office is currently seeking highly motivated summer intern.
Successful candidates will be well-organized, hard-working and detail-oriented.
Intern responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, constituent relations and press activities. Interns will
answer and screen telephone calls, greet visitors, assist staff, attend hearing and
briefings, lead Capitol tours and write legislative correspondence. Hawaii ties
preferred. Email cover letter, resume, and references to:
hawaiidemocrat@gmail.com.

MEM-077-15

Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern
for her Washington, D.C. office for winter/spring 2015. This internship position
will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fast-paced Congressional
office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties include answering
phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members with research and
special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to attend legislative
hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be motivated; detail
orientated and possesses strong communication and writing skills. This is a great
opportunity for recent graduates seeking Hill experience. Michigan ties are
preferred. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to
kevin.rambosk@mail.house.gov.
Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is currently seeking a full-time intern to
start mid-March with a flexible end date. Ideal candidates have excellent writing
and research skills, a positive attitude, and a willingness to go above and beyond
what is asked. Intern responsibilities include researching and writing
Congressional correspondence, helping constituents find information and fielding
constituent phone calls. This internship also provides the opportunity to work
closely with staff members and assist in various projects. Washington ties are
preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume, cover letter
and a writing sample to taylor.paquette@mail.house.gov. Please include "WA-02
Internship" in the subject line.

MEM-075-15

MEM-073-15

Congressman Adam Kinzinger (IL) is looking for unpaid interns in his
Washington, DC office to start immediately. Interns will observe the inner
workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the
Page 5 of 9

legislative process. Responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering
phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative projects, and
attending briefings and hearings. Ideal candidates should have a strong work
ethic, be energetic and engaging, and possess a positive attitude. Candidates with
Illinois ties are encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter (with start date) to internsIL16@gmail.com.
MEM-071-15

The Office of Congressman Ami Bera (D-CA) seeks professional, dependable,
and enthusiastic student or recent graduate for an unpaid congressional
internship working closely with the administrative and legislative teams on a
variety of tasks. Intern duties include, but are not limited to, answering phone
calls, attending briefings and hearings, conducting tours of the Capitol building,
researching legislation & drafting policy memos for the Congressman, writing
constituent correspondence, and various day-to-day office tasks. Applicants
should possess excellent written and oral communication, and proficiency in
Microsoft Office programs. Sacramento, CA ties preferred. Internship to start
mid-March or early April.
Please send resume and cover letter to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-070-15

The Office of Congressman Ami Bera (D-CA) seeks professional, dependable,
and enthusiastic student or recent graduate for an unpaid communications
internship working closely with the communications team on a variety of tasks.
Background/study in communications, journalism, public relations, or similar
field preferred. Duties will include: drafting and posting web content and social
media, drafting other written materials (constituent letters, memos, press releases,
etc.), compiling daily press clips, answering office phones, and other
administrative tasks as assigned. Sacramento, CA ties preferred. Internship to
start mid-March or early April.
Please send resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to
bera.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-068-15

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office from March through June. Candidates should be
collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral
and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings,
answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a
resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
Page 6 of 9

MEM-066-15

Democratic Member of the House seeks an unpaid intern for their DC office.
Responsibilities include assisting staff with general office duties, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones,
researching legislative issues, giving Capitol tours, greeting visitors and
performing various other tasks. Candidate should be energetic, enthusiastic and
able to thrive in a fast-paced working environment. Strong communication skills
are a must. Candidates should have a general understanding of the governmental
process, knowledge of North Carolina, and interest in the legislative process. If
interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample via email to:
nc12internjobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or walk-ins. Minorities,
LGBT and women encouraged to apply, North Carolina ties preferred but not
required.

MEM-064-15

Midwest Republican seeks full time hard working intern for immediate hire.
Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting
with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings,
and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have
exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast
paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the
legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.

MEM-060-15

The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Buddy Carter (GA-01) is
currently seeking applicants for the remainder of the spring semester.
Internships are available to qualified college students seeking college credit or
recent college graduates. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional
and educational value to participants as well as an understanding of our federal
legislative process. Georgia ties are preferred, but they are not required.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: providing tours of the Capitol,
answering phones, helping staff process constituents’ mail and inquiries. Other
responsibilities may include assisting staff with legislative research, writing
meeting briefings, and attending committee hearings. Candidates should possess
an interest in the legislative process, strong communication skills, along with a
motivation and organization. If you are interested in being considered for an
internship, please send your resume, cover letter, and any relevant writing
samples to Hart.Thompson@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.

MEM-057-15

Moderate Southern Democrat seeks applicants for part-time and full-time unpaid
congressional internships in Washington, DC. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents,
assisting constituents and visitors to the office, assisting with day-to-day
operations at the office, answering phones, leading tours of The US Capitol,
running errands and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates should
possess superior written and verbal communication skills and an interest in
learning the intricacies of the legislative process. Part-time interns will be
Page 7 of 9

expected to commit to at least two full day shifts (9:00am to 6:00pm) per week,
Monday through Friday. Ties to Florida are preferred, though not required.
Interested parties should submit a resume as well as two professional references
to FloridaDemResumeRepository@gmail.com.
MEM-055-15

Congressman Ron Kind (WI-03), a member of the House Ways & Means
Committee, seeks full or part-time interns to start immediately in his
Washington, DC office. Primary responsibilities include issue and legislative
research, writing constituent mail, composing statements and press releases,
administrative duties, and various other assignments. Washington, DC interns
will have the opportunity to attend staff issue briefings and committee hearings to
gain firsthand knowledge of how the legislative process works. The position is
unpaid and interns are responsible for finding their own housing. Preference is for
an individual who can work full-time from now through June but will also
consider a flexible part-time schedule. Wisconsin ties are preferred, but not
necessary. If interested, please send cover letter and resume to
alex.eveland@mail.house.gov.

MEM-053-15

The office of Congressman Ken Buck (CO-04) is seeking an intern to start
immediately. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone
calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, drafting
correspondence, attending various briefings, providing research for the legislative
staff, and assisting front office staff. Applicants should have strong conservative
values, exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, a committed work
ethic, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process.
Interested candidates should email their resume to
Nicole.Kirsch@mail.house.gov.

MEM-050-15

Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for February through May 2015. Main responsibilities include
answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
researching legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There
will also be opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest.
Candidates should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate
(with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred. Please e-mail your
cover letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at
samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-046-15

New York Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) is seeking unpaid interns for the
spring semester, preferably to begin in mid February and finish in late June.
Interns will:
• Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting incoming mail,
greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
• Assist in the preparation of constituent responses.
Page 8 of 9

• Perform legislative research.
• Respond to requests from constituents.
• Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
• Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the federal legislative process.
Congressman Jerrold Nadler represents New York's 10th Congressional District,
which includes the residents of most of the Upper West Side, Lower Manhattan
and sections of Brooklyn. Congressman Nadler serves on the Judiciary
Committee and on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, where he is
the highest ranking member from New York. He is the Ranking member of The
Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet.
To Apply:
Please e-mail or fax a resume, brief cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample to:
Email: Janice.Siegel@mail.house.gov
Fax: 202-225-6923

Page 9 of 9

