________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 6, 2023

MEM-575-23

Job Description: As a Congressional Intern for Congressman Rob Wittman, you
will have the unique opportunity to gain hands-on experience working for
Virginia's 1st Congressional District in the U.S. House of Representatives. Our
office is committed to serving our constituents, advancing thoughtful policies,
and making a difference in the lives of Virginians and all Americans.
This paid internship will provide you with valuable insights into the legislative
process and a chance to contribute to meaningful work in a congressional office.
You will have the opportunity for exposure to the legislative process and
policymaking, insight into the workings of a congressional office, and valuable
professional development and mentorship.
Key Responsibilities:
•Answering phone calls from constituents
•Sorting mail and emails from constituents
•Compile media clips
•Conduct legislative research on various issues
•Assist in drafting and editing policy briefs, speeches, and press releases
•Attend congressional hearings, briefings, and meetings
•Assist with administrative tasks and office operations
•Perform various other duties as assigned
Qualifications:
•Strong interest in politics, government, and public policy
•Excellent research and writing skills
Page 1 of 29

•Effective communication and interpersonal skills
•Enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working
•Detail-oriented and able to multitask
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office and other relevant software
•A willingness to learn and adapt in a fast-paced environment
How to Apply: To be considered for this internship, please submit the following
documents to Nicolle.Miranda@mail.house.gov:
1.Resume
2.Cover letter explaining your interest in the congressional internship and your
relevant qualifications
3.Writing sample (1-2 pages) on a policy or political topic of your choice
4.Contact information for two references
MEM-572-23

The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated
candidates for a paid Spring 2024 internship position in our D.C. office.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills,
can multi-task, and is committed to being a team player.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, attending policy briefings and
meetings, providing tours of the Capitol, and conducting legislative research to
support the needs of the Congresswoman’s staff.
The internship will run through the Spring semester, from 9am-6pm when
Congress is in session and from 9am-5pm when Congress is not in session. Ties
to Nevada’s First District are strongly preferred.
The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status. Women, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of
other historically marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and short (1-2 page)
writing sample in a single document to Ciara.Donovan@mail.house.gov with
“[LAST NAME, FIRST NAME] Spring 2024 Internship Application” in the
subject line. No calls or drop-ins, please. Applications will be accepted until
Friday, November 17th with applications considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-571-23

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight
and Investigations (Democratic Staff) is seeking a Law Clerk for the 2024 Spring
Semester to assist in conducting oversight and investigations of issues within the
Committee’s broad jurisdiction.

Page 2 of 29

Law Clerks will work closely with Subcommittee counsel and professional staff
on a wide range of issues related to the environment, energy, health care, and
consumer protection sectors.
Responsibilities include assisting in the preparation for Congressional hearings;
contributing to the management of investigations of governmental and private
entities; conducting research, document review, and analysis; drafting letters,
memoranda, and investigative reports; and coordinating with other
Subcommittees of the full Committee.
The successful candidate is a current law student or recent law school graduate
who is a detail-oriented and proactive problem-solver with strong communication
and legal research and writing skills. Women, people of color, veterans, and
LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Law clerks will receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s
assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C O&I Law
Clerk.”
MEM-569-23

Thank you for your interest in interning at my Durham District office or my
Washington, DC office!
Applications for the 2023 Spring Internship program in my Durham District
office or Washington D.C. office are now open!
DC intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending hearings and
briefings on behalf of legislative staffers, supporting staff members with
legislative research and other tasks as assigned, compiling daily press clips for
the Congresswoman, sorting constituent correspondence and drafting responses,
answering phone calls, and greeting visitors to the office.
District intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting research, assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent
correspondence, community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the
discretion of the District Director. As a result, the intern will gain invaluable
knowledge about our district and will be an integral part of the functioning of our
District Office.
The term of this internship will be during the spring semester. Part-time interns
must work at least 10-15 hours a week, Monday-Friday, and hours may be
flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules.
Page 3 of 29

Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and at least two
references to NC04Resumes@mail.house.gov. Applications will be reviewed on
a rolling basis and applicants are encouraged to apply early. Incomplete
applications will not be reviewed.
MEM-568-23

Congressman Jerry Nadler (NY-12) is seeking paid undergraduate student
interns for the Spring 2024 semester in his Washington DC and Manhattan
District Offices.
Applicants should be interested in learning the daily operations of a congressional
office. Tasks include responding to constituent concerns, writing letters, drafting
policy memos, legislative research, and performing general office tasks. Excellent
communication skills are important.
Interns must be able to commit to at least 24 hours per week and should have
completed their first year of college. This internship will run from January 2024 –
May 2024.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and 1–2-page writing sample
to NY12.Internship@mail.house.gov by November 17, 2023. In the subject line
of your email, please indicate which office location you prefer. In your cover
letter, note your availability on each day of the week, your legislative interests,
and why you would like to work for Congressman Nadler.
Congressman Nadler’s office strives to ensure that our internship class reflects
the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds
are strongly encouraged to apply. Congressman Nadler’s office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.

MEM-567-23

The office of Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) is seeking college juniors
and seniors, recent graduates, and grad students for spring interns in her
Washington, D.C. and District offices.
Responsibilities will include:
•Answering phones,
•Conducting a semester-long capstone project,
•Writing constituent letters,
•Assisting legislative staff with research,
•Categorizing mail,
•Attending briefings and hearings, and
•Conducting Capitol tours for constituents.

Page 4 of 29

Successful candidates will work well under pressure, are organized, hardworking, detail-oriented, have customer service/retail experience, and can have
some fun! Ohio ties are preferred but not required, and candidates of color,
women, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interns will
be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested applicants should send a resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to OH11InternResumes@mail.house.gov with “Fall Intern [LASTNAME]” in the
subject line. The deadline to apply is November 20 close of business. No phone
calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-566-23

Representative Tony Gonzales is seeking full-time interns in their Washington,
D.C. office for the Spring 2024 semester.
This is a rewarding experience that provides students and recent graduates the
opportunity to participate in the day-to-day operations of a Congressional office
while gaining a deeper understanding of the federal legislative process. Ties to
TX-23 are preferred, but not required.
Office hours operate from 9:00am-5:00pm on out of session days and 9:00am6:00pm in session.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to Maddie.bruno@mail.house.gov

MEM-563-23

Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is seeking applicants for the Spring 2024
internship program in his Washington D.C. office. The paid in-person internship
will run from January through May.
Internship duties will include (but are not limited to): leading tours of the Capitol,
answering phones, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and other
tasks to assist staff.
The ideal candidate for this internship can carry out independent research and has
strong written and verbal communication skills and attention to detail. Interns
must also have a positive and collaborative attitude.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
on our nation’s legislative process. Ties to Washington are preferred, but not
required. Women, people of color and LGBTQIA+ persons are strongly
encouraged to apply.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter indicating
availability to Danielle Hall at danielle.hall@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Spring 2024 Internship.” Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Deadline November 20, 2023.
Page 5 of 29

MEM-562-23

The Office of Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) seeks highly motivated,
detail oriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in
Washington, D.C. for the Spring of 2024.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping the 4th
Congressional District of Arkansas. Intern responsibilities include answering
constituent phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting
legislative research, and assisting with correspondence. Interns should have a
positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication
skills.
Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters who can take and listen to
directions, while being able to work independently and as part of a team.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics
as well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks and participate in office
activities. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates.
The office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Westerman, please
submit an application, including a resume and a cover letter, to the following
email address: ar04internship@gmail.com. If you have any questions, please feel
free to call our office at (202) 225-3772.

MEM-561-23

The office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is now accepting applicants
for Spring Congressional Internships in our Washington, DC office.
Successful applicants will be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work
ethic, and interact well with constituents. In addition, applicants should have a
strong interest in the legislative process and the function of Congress. A monthly
stipend will be provided to individuals selected for the internship.
Internship duties in the Washington, DC office may include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
• Attending congressional hearings and policy briefings
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House
• Helping the communications/press team
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Other projects as assigned by the staff
To apply, please email your resume to Wisconsin.resumes@mail.house.gov
Ties to the state of Wisconsin are preferred, but not required.
Page 6 of 29

MEM-560-23

The Office of Congresswoman Mikie Sherrill is currently accepting Spring 2024
internship applications.
To apply for an internship with the DC Office, please use the following link:
https://forms.gle/DtQL1JSSBzodsScQ9
To apply for an internship with the District Office, please use the following
link: https://forms.office.com/g/5EUMZUWRDv
In addition to completing the questionnaire, please email your resume and at least
one reference in PDF format to NJ11internships@mail.house.gov, with the
subject line:
Office of Application (DC or District), First Name Last Name.
The application deadline is Friday, November 24th at 5:00 PM EST. Late or
incomplete applications will not be considered. Spring internships will be on-site.
Hiring decisions will not be finalized until after the application closes to ensure
all applicants have the same opportunity to be considered. We appreciate your
patience and we will be in touch with you as soon as possible on the status of
your application. No calls or walk-ins please.
Interns will have the opportunity to learn about the inner workings of the
legislative branch of government through hands-on experience. Interns will assist
the office achieve its goals by performing a variety of tasks. Some tasks may
include: research on issues; drafting memos and other written documents;
assisting staff on special projects; assisting staff with congressional programs;
directing constituents to appropriate resources; and various administrative duties
(answering phones, updating databases, etc.).
Candidates for the internship program must be undergraduate or graduate college
students, have excellent written and verbal communication skills and a strong
interest in government and public service.
The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-559-23

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for the Spring 2023 semester.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
Page 7 of 29

drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample at the following link: cartwright.house.gov/services/internships
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-558-23

The Office of Congresswoman Summer Lee is committed to investing in the next
generation of public leaders and citizen activists. Congressional internships offer
a comprehensive learning opportunity to understand better how congressional
offices and the legislative process work. Both in the Washington, DC, and
District Office, the internship program is designed to be a learning experience in
which students are exposed to various areas including constituent services,
scheduling, office administration, press and communications, and legislative
policy.
Typical duties will include answering phones, leading Capitol tours (Washington,
D.C.-based), researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on a variety of
issues. The ideal candidate for this paid, part-time internship will be teamoriented and have strong written and verbal communication skills.
Students and recent graduates who are interested in the legislative process are
highly encouraged to apply. The Congresswoman is on the Oversight and
Accountability Committee and the Space, Science, and Technology Committee.
Ties to Pennsylvania’s 12th Congressional District are preferred, but not
necessary.
All applicants should apply at: https://summerlee.house.gov/internships

MEM-557-23

The Office of Congressman Eric Sorensen (IL-17) is seeking highly motivated,
flexible, and detail-oriented interns to serve in his Washington, D.C. office for
Spring 2024.
The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
Intern responsibilities include:
•Greeting constituents and handling constituent phone calls, assisting staff with
Page 8 of 29

administrative tasks, conducting research, assisting with constituent
correspondence, assisting the communications team, and conducting Capitol
Tours.
•Interns will also have the opportunity to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings
for the legislative and outreach staff.
•Ties to Illinois and/or the 17th Congressional District are encouraged but not
required.
Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be able
to commit at least 20 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Interested candidates should email a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Resumes.IL17@mail.house.gov and please put Spring 2024 D.C. Internship in
the subject line. In the body of the email, please also list any start and end date
constraints and the number of hours per week you can work, as well as any ties
you have to the state of Illinois and/or to the 17th Congressional District. The
deadline to submit applications is November 17th, 2023, by 11:59PM ET.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ+
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ+
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-555-23

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Education and the Workforce is
currently accepting applications for our spring legal internship in Washington
D.C. Law interns are unpaid, however, academic credit can be received.
Legal interns are paired with the policy team where they will assist with
researching and drafting legislation, writing memos, talking points, and letters,
covering briefings, hearings, and mark-ups. Interns will be selected based on the
quality of their application and demonstrated commitment to public service.
Candidates should have at least one year of law school, have strong research
abilities and written and oral communication skills, and be capable of managing
themselves and taking initiative. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, or disability. The office
encourages individuals from all backgrounds to apply.
Interested candidates should submit their intern application, resume, cover letter,
a writing sample up to five pages supporting your interest in policy areas related
to the jurisdiction of the committee – education, health, or labor policy: pensions,
unions, oversight, disability, workforce development, and workplace safety, and
three references in a single PDF to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov by November

Page 9 of 29

17th. Please format the subject line of your email "First Name Last Name – Legal
Intern – Spring 2024.”
MEM-554-23

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Education and the Workforce is
currently accepting applications for our spring press internship in Washington
D.C. This is a paid position.
Press interns are paired with the communications team where they will assist with
compiling daily news clips, developing social media content, helping prepare
online content, and other projects. Interns will be selected based on the quality of
their application and demonstrated commitment to public service. College
students and recent college graduates are encouraged to apply.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender
identity, national origin, age, or disability. The office encourages individuals
from all backgrounds to apply.
Interested candidates should submit their intern application, resume, cover letter,
a one-page writing sample, and three references in a single PDF
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov by November 17th. Please format the subject line
of your email "First Name Last Name – Press Intern – Spring 2024.”

MEM-553-23

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Education and the Workforce is
currently accepting applications for our spring internship in Washington D.C.
This is a paid position.
Prospective interns will demonstrate outstanding interpersonal, written, and oral
communication skills, and will be able to prioritize and follow through on
multiple tasks. Responsibilities include answering phones, sorting and responding
to daily mail, assisting the front office, attending briefings/hearings and preparing
memos for staff, performing various research projects, and assisting with other
policy events.
Interns will be selected based on the quality of their application materials and
demonstrated commitment to public service. College students and recent college
graduates are encouraged to apply.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender
identity, national origin, age, or disability. The office encourages individuals
from all backgrounds to apply.
Interested candidates should submit their intern application, resume, cover letter,
a one-page writing sample, and three references in a single PDF

Page 10 of 29

to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov by November 17th. Please format the subject line
of your email "First Name Last Name – Committee Intern – Spring 2024.”
MEM-550-23

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) is seeking motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individuals for a legislative internship in
Washington, DC for Spring 2024.
This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to dive into the inner workings
of Capitol Hill and learn about the legislative process. This is a stipend-paid
position.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting constituent correspondence
on a variety of issues, assisting legislative staff with research, leading Capitol
tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office,
participating in Committee hearing and markup preparation, drafting
memorandums, and other duties as necessary.
This position is available beginning mid-January 2024 through May 2024.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing
sample kriti.korula@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Garcia Spring
Internship Application”. Applications will be accepted until November 10, 2023,
COB. Due to the large volume of applicants, only those applicants who are
selected for interviews will be contacted.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-549-23

Congresswoman Lori Trahan (MA-03) is seeking a press intern for her
Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2024 semester.
Candidates should be driven, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals
with availability beginning in January.
Duties include developing social media content, drafting press releases, sorting
press clips, creating digital content, and assisting the team with a variety of
projects as needed. Interns will work closely with communications staffers and
learn about the press operation of a congressional office.
Candidates should have a foundation of technical knowledge on social media
platforms.
Page 11 of 29

Experience in studying Communications, Journalism, or Public Relations is a
plus. Submission of a sample graphic with application materials is recommended
but not required.
The Office of Congresswoman Trahan is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to
apply. Massachusetts ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should visit https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/ to
submit necessary materials, as well as email a cover letter, resume, and dates of
availability to LT.Internship@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name,
First Name: Press Internship Spring 2024”. The deadline to apply is 11:59 EST
on November 22nd, 2023.
MEM-548-23

The Office of Congressman Salud Carbajal (CA-24) is seeking a highly
motivated and creative Digital/Press Intern to assist with a fast-paced
communications operation based in his Washington, D.C. office for the 2024
Winter Term (January - March/April).
The Digital/Press Intern will help build out the Congressman’s digital and social
media footprint, with heavy emphasis on creating engaging social media content
and graphics. Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social
media skills to assist with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity
with graphic design/video editing software.
Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including internships)
are preferred but not required. California or Central Coast ties and Spanish
literacy are a plus. The intern will work closely with the Communications
Director, Digital/Creative Assistant, and Legislative Correspondent.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Compiling daily press clips
•Creating engaging graphics and editing photos
•Assisting the Digital/Creative Assistant with social media content, website
content and digital newsletters
•Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
•Assisting Communications Director with drafting press releases, op-eds,
advisories, and other written materials
•Creating and maintaining press lists
•Compiling regular comms reports on press and social media results
•Additional responsibilities include assisting the Legislative Correspondent with
administrative tasks (e.g. answering phone calls, greeting visitors, etc.) and
legislative tasks (e.g. batching incoming messages on Fireside, drafting
constituent letters, writing cosponsor recommendations, etc.)
Page 12 of 29

PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:
A qualified candidate will possess strong social media and graphic design skills.
Past experiences with Canva, Photoshop, and other digital/graphic/video design
platforms are a major plus.
TO APPLY:
The internship will run from early-January to March/April, 2024. The hours are
roughly 32 hours a week and are flexible to accommodate schedules and time
zones, but generally run 9a.m. to 6p.m. ET when Congress is in session and 9a.m.
to 5p.m. ET when Congress is out of session.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, two
digital samples, and dates/hours of availability
to Tommy.Vo@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(First Name) (Last Name)
– Digital/Press Intern.” This is a full-time, limited term position and offers a
monthly stipend from the office of Congressman Carbajal’s unless the intern is
already receiving credit/stipend through a third party. No phone calls, or walkins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages
candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Deadline to apply is Friday, November 9, 2023.
MEM-547-23

Office of Congresswoman Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick (D-FL-20)
Spring 2024 Interns – The Office of Congresswoman Cherfilus-McCormick, a
member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee (HFAC) and Ranking Member
of the House Veterans’ Affairs Subcommittee on Technology Modernization
(HVAC) seeks legislative, administrative, and communications interns for the
Spring of 2024 (January-May). Current college students and recent graduates are
welcome to apply.
Responsibilities will include:
Legislative Intern: Tracking legislation, assisting with briefing materials for
hearings, and researching policy topics for the Legislative team.
Administrative Intern: Answering phones, greeting guests, drafting memos,
attending briefings, and supporting office operations.
Communication Intern: Developing graphics/videos for social media, identifying
relevant media contacts at the local, state, and national levels, and drafting talking
points, floor speeches, press releases, and other communications collateral.
Expectations:
•Maintain a positive attitude and good working relationship with the Office;
•Exceptional writing, research, and analytical skills;
•Meet attendance requirements as established by the Office; and

Page 13 of 29

•Ability to work in a fast-paced environment while completing short and long
term-projects.
Compensation:
$800 monthly stipend (full-time availability preferred).
To Apply:
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. The Office will contact the bestqualified candidates to begin the interview process. To apply, please
email kaitlyn.kaufman@mail.house.gov with “Spring
[Legislative/Administrative/Communication] Intern” in the subject line and the
following materials: (1) cover letter, (2) resume, and (3) unofficial transcript. The
Office of Representative Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick is an equal opportunity
employer.
The Office does not discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color,
religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic
information, disability, or uniformed service. The Office is committed to
diversity and inclusion. Individuals from all backgrounds are encouraged to
apply.
MEM-545-23

Congresswoman Lori Trahan (MA-03) is seeking applicants for the Spring 2024
internship program in her Washington, D.C. office to start in January 2024.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, handling constituent
correspondence and communication, attending legislative hearings and briefings,
guiding Capitol building tours, managing the front desk, and assisting staff with
administrative tasks. Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic,
excellent written and oral communication skills, and eagerness to learn about the
political process and congressional affairs. District & Massachusetts ties are
strongly preferred, but not required.
Typical hours for internships are Monday through Friday from 9:00 am to 5:00
pm, although hours may be flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules.
Both part-time and full-time interns are encouraged to apply.
The Office of Congresswoman Trahan is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and dates of availability
to LT.Internship@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name, First Name:
DC Spring 2024 Internship”. The deadline to apply is 11:59 EST on November
22nd, 2023.

Page 14 of 29

MEM-542-23

Congressman French Hill (AR02) has internship positions available for the
Spring 2024 term in both his DC and Little Rock offices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping central
Arkansans. Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls,
assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, and
assisting with correspondence. Interns should have a positive attitude, strong
work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters, take and listen to direction,
and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team. Applicants
should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a
willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates.
The office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter
to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov. Indicate which location you are applying
for. Applications should be submitted by December 1, 2023, but will be accepted
on a rolling basis until all positions are filled.
If you have any questions, you can contact the office for additional information at
(202) 225-2506.

MEM-541-23

The Office of Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR-06) is seeking candidates
for a full-time (40 hours a week) eight-week spring internship in our Washington
D.C. office. The preferred dates of this internship are January 15th through
March 8th but can be flexible.
Interns will get an in-depth look at the operations and functions of a
congressional office, including policy, communications, office operations and
constituent services. Interns will get opportunities to attend hearings and
briefings; assist with constituent services; and research legislation.
Qualifications:
•Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
•Ability to speak courteously with constituents
•Ability to work independently and as a part of a team
•Attention to detail and eagerness to go above and beyond
•Professionalism and demonstrated interest in public service
•OR-06 ties are preferred, but not required
Compensation information:
•Interns will be paid $3,200 for the duration of an eight week long, full-time
position
Page 15 of 29

•Academic credit may be available and should be arranged with your academic
institution.
The Office is an equal employment opportunity employer and, consistent with the
Congressional Accountability Act (“CAA”) and House Rule XXIII, does not
discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, parental status, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable
federal law. This means that these factors will not be the basis for any hiring,
discharge, promotion, pay, benefits, or reassignment decision or action, or any
other personnel or job action affecting the terms, conditions, and privileges of
employment. Consistent with the CAA, the Office may, however, consider party
affiliation, domicile, and political compatibility in making employment decisions.
Application:
We are currently accepting applications for an internship based in Washington
D.C.. If interested in a district-based internship, please check Salinas.house.gov
for more information on all internships available.
To apply, please complete the online
form: https://salinas.house.gov/services/internships. Please note that you must
include your resume, cover letter, and a writing sample that is no longer than 2
pages all in PDF. Rolling applications are open until November 17th at 11:59 pm
PT.
MEM-540-23

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks
interns for the upcoming Spring 2024 term.
Responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings, drafting and editing
constituent correspondence letters, writing memos, conducting research for the
legislative staff, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing
support for the day-to-day activities of the office. Our interns have the
opportunity to work either in person or virtually, but preference will be given to
applicants who can commit to working in person. Interns are paid via a monthly
stipend.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and one short writing
sample to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should
indicate their availability for Monday-Friday. The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM
ET on Friday, November 17th, 2023.

Page 16 of 29

MEM-537-23

Press Intern:
Congressman Kevin Mullin’s (CA-15) D.C. office is seeking an in-person, parttime, paid press intern for Spring 2024. The press intern will work closely with
the Press Secretary and occasionally the legislative team.
Applicants should be organized, creative, familiar with current events, and detail
oriented. Responsibilities include answering telephones; compiling daily press
clips; creating content for social media; drafting press releases, newsletters, and
other written materials; maintaining press lists; clipping floor and hearing
remarks; and designing graphics.
The ideal candidate is team-oriented, has written and oral communication skills,
experience with graphic design, and relevant communications experience. A
strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
This position pays $15 per hour and will be based on an approximately 25-hour
work week. Interested applicants should send their resume, a cover letter
explaining their interest and any relevant experience, and one sample graphic
to Mullininternships@gmail.com with the subject line “last name, first name Mullin Spring Press Internship Application” in one PDF. California ties are
preferred, but not required. The deadline to apply is November 17th, 2023. Due
to the large volume of applicants, only those applicants who are selected for
interviews will be contacted.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity.

MEM-536-23

Legislative Intern:
The office of Congressman Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications for
paid legislative internships for the fall semester. The ideal candidate will have
excellent communication and written skills, interest in the legislative process,
resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fast-paced environment. Ties to
the Bay Area or California are preferred, but not required.
Responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislative issues, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and hearings,
recommending legislation to the Congressman, and other tasks as assigned. The
Spring term begins early- to mid-January and will end late-April early-May with
flexible start and end dates. Work will be in-person and is compensated at $15
per hour.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as
one PDF to MullinInternships@gmail.com. Email subject line should follow the
following format: LastName, FirstName – Spring Legislative Internship.
Page 17 of 29

Additionally, please note your availability and any ties to the Bay Area or
California in the body of your email. The deadline to apply is November 17th,
2023. Due to the large volume of applicants, only those applicants who are
selected for interviews will be contacted.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-534-23

Congresswoman Hillary Scholten is looking for highly motivated and driven
interns for Spring 2024.
Opportunities are available for both her Washington, D.C. office and her district
office in Grand Rapids. To apply, please submit your resume, cover letter, and
two references in one PDF to MI03Internships@mail.house.gov. The subject line
must include your full name and which office you are interested in for your
application to be considered. Interns will receive a monthly stipend.
DC OFFICE
Hours will typically be 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. when Congress is in session and 9 a.m. to
5 p.m. when Congress is out of session. Interns are expected to work full time but
hours can be flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules. The D.C.
Office internship allows interns to get involved with the legislative process.
Responsibilities include:
•Answering phone calls and greeting constituents and stakeholders that enter the
office
•Logging phone calls, mail, and other correspondence into our database
•Drafting letters addressing constituent concerns
•Putting together daily news clips
•Assisting the legislative staff with research and compiling information
•Giving Capitol tours
•Attending hearings and briefings
•Any other tasks assigned by the Internship Coordinator
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Ties to Michigan’s 3rd Congressional District/West Michigan are a plus.
DISTRICT OFFICE- Grand Rapids
The district office is open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday. Interns
are expected to work a minimum of 16 hours weekly, in no less than 4 hours
blocks. This is to accommodate their academic schedules. District office interns

Page 18 of 29

will engage with constituents and the community while being at the intersection
of the federal government.
Responsibilities include:
•Answering phone calls and greeting constituents and stakeholders that enter the
office.
•Logging phone calls, mail, and other correspondence into our database
•Drafting letters addressing constituent concerns
•Monitoring local news and social media for current activities in the district
•Assisting the district staff with research
•Attending meetings with local stakeholders or constituents
•Interacting with government agencies to resolve constituent issues
•Any other tasks assigned by the Internship Coordinator
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Ties to Michigan’s 3rd Congressional District/West Michigan are a plus.
MEM-533-23

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Spring Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
• Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
• Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample (no more
than 1-2 pages), and two references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “Spring Legislative Internship, NAME” by November 24th, 2023.
Please include availability in the cover letter and compile all application materials
into one PDF document.

MEM-531-23

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Spring
2024 internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates,
and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman
Page 19 of 29

DeLauro's office entail both administrative and legislative work. Interns are
involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment as well as possess excellent writing skills and an enthusiastic
attitude. Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to
work in a highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form along with a
cover letter, resume, brief writing sample (1-2 pages), and two reference contacts
to Claybrook.Vaughan@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring 2024
Internship” by 11:59PM on November 17. Please send completed application
form and all application materials in a single PDF file.
Link to website: https://delauro.house.gov/services/internships
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.
MEM-525-23

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Spring 2024 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
Page 20 of 29

attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other congressional
offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability
to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.
MEM-524-23

Spring Press Internship ---Congressman Dan Goldman offers internships in his Washington D.C. To apply,
please submit your resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample as one PDF
below.
We are proudly an office that is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, military status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Special consideration will be given to candidates with ties to NY-10 and those
who speak a second language so please include this information in your cover
letter.
Spring Priority Application Deadline: Friday, November 10th at 5pm.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Intern responsibilities may include but are not limited to:
•Compiling daily press and TV/Radio clips
•Drafting press releases
•Transcribing the Congressman’s public remarks
•Maintaining the office’s press list and identifying new contacts
•Supporting our Digital Manager in social media and graphic design projects
•Answering phones
•Batching emails and drafting responses to constituents
•Assisting staff with events
Applicant Requirements
•Effective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the office
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
•Attention to detail
•Willingness to learn new skills and tasks and be flexible in supporting Member
and all staff in various roles.
https://goldman.house.gov/services/internships

Page 21 of 29

Please do not call in or come to our office to ask the status of your application.
We will contact applicants to provide them with next steps.
MEM-523-23

Legislative Internship/Clerkship ---Congressman Dan Goldman offers internships and clerkships in his Washington
D.C. To apply, please submit your resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample as one PDF.
We are proudly an office that is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, military status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Special consideration will be given to candidates with ties to NY-10 and those
who speak a second language so please include this information in your cover
letter.
Spring Priority Application Deadline: Friday, November 10th at 5pm.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Intern responsibilities may include but are not limited to:
•Answering phones
•Batching emails and drafting responses to constituents
•Assisting staff with events
•Researching legislation and legislative ideas
•Giving Capitol Tours.
•Attending briefings and hearings for staff and drafting memos about them
Applicant Requirements
•Effective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the office
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
•Attention to detail
•Willingness to learn new skills and tasks and be flexible in supporting Member
and all staff in various roles.
https://goldman.house.gov/services/internships
Please do not call in or come to our office to ask the status of your application.
We will contact applicants to provide them with next steps.

MEM-521-23

Fern Holland International Affairs Fellowship:

Page 22 of 29

Team Moulton is seeking exceptional students interested in foreign policy and
national security to participate in the Fern Holland International Affairs
Fellowship program.
This is a full-time, paid foreign policy fellowship for Spring 2024. This
opportunity is only open to candidates who are Pell Grant-eligible. The
fellowship is in our Washington, D.C. office. Recent college graduates, and
students currently enrolled in graduate school are preferred. Under very rare
circumstances, the office will also hire undergraduate students.
Team Moulton is looking for hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to strengthening our democracy. This fully-funded
fellowship covers the cost of housing, transportation, and food with a stipend.
Women, people of color, and members of other underrepresented communities
are especially encouraged to apply.
This fellowship offers an in-depth look into a career of service to our nation.
Fellows will be expected to perform rigorous research, advise senior staff and the
Congressman on important issues, and craft policies in international affairs and
national security, in addition to some regularly assigned intern responsibilities.
To apply, please fill out the internship form below:
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd1NOVxgvmGvGyH_1u4e35RUk
weWU24Rmu7gA0Y3HOxKXTkjQ/viewform
If you have trouble accessing the application form above, please email Brenna
Goss (brenna.goss@mail.house.gov)
If selected, you will be required to submit a FAFSA form. We are accepting
applications for Spring through November 15, 2023 at 11:59pm. Feel free to call
our office with any questions you may have at (202) 225-8020 or email Brenna
Goss.
MEM-520-23

Digital Communications Internship:
Congressman Seth Moulton is seeking a driven Digital Production Intern to join a
fast-paced communications team for Spring 2024.
The internship is in-person and based out of our Washington, D.C. office.
Preference will go to applicants available to join us for a minimum of 20 hours
per week during the Spring semester. A financial stipend will be provided.
RESPONSIBILITIES
•Clipping and preparing videos from press hits and hearings
•Assisting in drafting social media graphics, copy, and posts
•Drafting press releases and our biweekly newsletter
Page 23 of 29

•Helping maintain and updating the Congressman’s website
•Conducting research and providing staff support for the communications team
•Candidates should be familiar with Adobe Illustrator or Photoshop **(please
indicate both or which on your resume)
•Have strong written and oral communications skills
•Have advanced creativity and artistic ability
•Ability to handle multiple tasks on tight deadlines
•Be a team-player
APPLICATIONS
Applicants can access the application here:
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd1NOVxgvmGvGyH_1u4e35RUk
weWU24Rmu7gA0Y3HOxKXTkjQ/viewform
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and three or more samples of your digital
work. Note that applications are due at 11:59pm on November 15, 2023.
If you have trouble accessing the application form above, or if you have any
questions please email Michael Suchecki (michael.suchecki@mail.house.gov)
MEM-519-23

Spring Internship:
Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his Salem office and
Washington D.C. office in Spring 2024.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, current graduate
students, and recent college graduates. Under very rare circumstances the office
will also host high school students. Interns receive a stipend distributed based on
total hours worked.
D.C. RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail.
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman.
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
•Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research.
DISTRICT RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
•Assisting the Casework Team on a variety of casework requests involving
federal agencies.
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
•Assembling press and news clips.
Page 24 of 29

•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research and attending community events.
APPLICATIONS
Applicants can access the application
here: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd1NOVxgvmGvGyH_1u4e35
RUkweWU24Rmu7gA0Y3HOxKXTkjQ/viewform
Applicants can find more information on the internship portal
at moulton.house.gov under the ‘Services’ tab. All applications are due on
November 15, 2023 at 11:59pm.
If you have trouble accessing the application form above, please email Brenna
Goss (brenna.goss@mail.house.gov).
MEM-518-23

Congressman Barry Moore (AL-02) is seeking part-time OR full-time interns for
the Spring 2024 semester in both his Washington, D.C. and District offices.
The internships are based in the Washington, D.C., Andalusia, Wetumpka, Troy,
and Dothan, Alabama offices. They are open to college students of all majors and
designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates
with an interest in public service. Hours are flexible to accommodate course
schedules, but generally run from 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, a passion for public service, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Intern responsibilities include answering the phones, drafting constituent letters,
listening to hearings and briefings, assisting the press & legislative team,
conducting research, and administrative work as needed. Interns will gain an
understanding of the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and class schedule/availability
to Internships.AL02@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring Intern
Application 2024 (Office Location).” Please specify in the email and subject line
which office you are applying for.

MEM-516-23

Spring Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Spring 2024. The internship is in-person and will run
from mid-January to mid-May. Dates are flexible.

Page 25 of 29

This internship is open to undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Spring 2024 Internship” to Grace.Looney@mail.house.gov, or by applying
through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships
MEM-514-23

Legal Fellowship
The Washington D.C. office of Rep. Ken Buck (CO-04) is seeking a legal fellow
for the fall semester.
The legal fellow will have a substantive role in the Judiciary Committee
portfolio, including all hearings and markups. The portfolio also includes
technology and telecommunications. The ideal candidate is at least a 2L and able
to commit to at least 20 hours per week, with some longer days depending on
Judiciary Committee activity. Candidates must be either in law school or have
graduated from a law school.
The paid fellowship lasts 4 months with the option to go from December through
March or January through April, the candidate must commit to staying all 4
months, in-person. Our office encourages you to work with your school for this
experience to count as course credit towards graduation.
Job responsibilities include communicating with Judiciary Committee staff and
other offices to advance the congressman’s legislative agenda; briefing the
congressman on all committee related activity; reviewing legislation and making
policy recommendations to the congressman (always in coordination with the
chief of staff); drafting House floor/committee remarks; drafting letters to other
government bodies or the private sector; and coordinating with the
communications team to publish the congressman’s legislative work.
This is a unique opportunity to work for a senior member of the House Judiciary
Committee. In this role, you will be able to build relationships in congress with
other staffers and with national interest groups. An individual who appreciates a
fast pace and a dynamic workload will thrive in this role.
Qualifications:
•Candidates must be either in law school at the 2L level or above, or have
graduated from law school.
•Competitive applicants will have strong written and interpersonal
Page 26 of 29

communication skills.
•Candidates must be able to work in-person, in Washington, DC for four months.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume, cover letter, and writing
sample to Stephanie Gross at Stephanie.Gross@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Spring 2024 Legal Fellow”. Please send all attachments as PDFs.
MEM-513-23

Congressional Internship
The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Ken Buck (CO-04) is currently
accepting internship applications for the Spring of 2024. Typical duties will
include answering phones, leading Capitol tours, researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering
constituent letters on a variety of issues. The ideal candidate for this paid
internship will be team-oriented and have strong written and verbal
communication skills.
Students and recent graduates interested in learning more about our country’s
legislative process are encouraged to apply. The Congressman sits on the
Judiciary Committee and the Foreign Affairs Committee, making this an ideal
opportunity for those interested in law and/or foreign policy. Colorado ties are
preferred but by no means required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume, and cover letters
to stephanie.gross@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring 2024
Internship.”

MEM-509-23

Washington, D.C., Office Intern
The Washington, D.C., Office of Congressman Adam B. Schiff (CA-30) is
seeking professional, enthusiastic, and hardworking interns to assist staff with
administrative and legislative work.
The Winter/Spring 2024 term runs from early January through late April and is
open to undergraduate students and recent college graduates. Interns typically
work three days per week, with flexibility to accommodate class schedules.
Interns will receive a stipend. Academic credit is also available.
Responsibilities
•Front office duties, including answering telephones, sorting mail, greeting
visitors, and assisting with the Congressman’s meetings
•Compiling press clips and assisting the communications team
•Processing and drafting responses to constituent correspondence
•Attending briefings and conducting policy research as requested by legislative
staff
•Performing various other tasks to ensure the office functions smoothly
Page 27 of 29

To Apply
To apply for an internship with Congressman Schiff, please fill out the internship
application form on our website (schiff.house.gov/help/internships) by 11:59pm
PST on November 15, 2023.
Please note that we always receive more applications than we can accommodate
and that applicants with ties to the 30th District are given preference. Candidates
from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
MEM-476-23

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Winter 2024.
•The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
•Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
•Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
•Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 20 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District. The deadline to submit applications is November 10,
2023, at 11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ+
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ+
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 28 of 29

MEM-465-23

Fall 2023 Legal Fellow – The Office of Congresswoman Cherfilus-McCormick,
a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee (HFAC) and Ranking
Member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Subcommittee on Technology
Modernization (HVAC) seeks a seeks a full or part time legal fellow to work on
their legislative team for the Fall of 2023 with an interest in either foreign affairs,
health care, housing, or economic development.
Primary responsibilities include supporting senior legislative staff in developing
legislative proposals, working with constituents and stakeholders, tracking
legislation, drafting letters, and participating in comprehensive research.
Candidates should have exceptional writing, research and analytical skills.
Demonstrated interest in working on policy issues – such as foreign affairs
(Africa and Western Hemisphere with a special focus on Haiti), health care,
housing, or economic development – is preferred. This is a full-time position
based in Washington, D.C.
Education/Experience:
•Must be currently enrolled in a Juris Doctor program.
•Congressional experience, including internships, is preferred.
Expectations:
•Full (preferred) or part time availability;
•Maintain a good working relationship with the legislative department;
•Meet attendance requirements as established by the Office; and
•Ability to work in a fast-paced environment while completing long termprojects.
Compensation:
$3,000 monthly stipend.
To Apply:
Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. The Office will contact
the best-qualified candidates to begin the interview process. To apply, please
email Fabian.Lucero@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2023 Legal Fellow” in the
subject line and the following materials: (1) cover letter, (2) resume, (3)
transcript, (4) two references including name, current title and organization,
phone number and email.
The Office of Representative Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick is an equal
opportunity employer. The Office does not discriminate on the basis of an
individual’s race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service. The
Office is committed to diversity and inclusion. Individuals from all backgrounds
are encouraged to apply.

Page 29 of 29

