________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 23, 2018

MEM-237-18

The Office of Representative Jason Lewis (MN-02) is accepting applications for
unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Fall 2018 in his district office in
Burnsville, MN. In the district office, interns may be asked to do a variety of
things including day-to-day office work such as answering phones, writing
letters, and assisting with constituent intake. In addition, interns may be assigned
to assist with constituent casework or work on district-based projects of
importance. Ideally, candidates should be motivated, meticulous, and have an
eagerness to learn. Internships can be part-time with flexible hours to
accommodate student course schedules.
Although this internship is unpaid, academic credit may also be available based
on the candidate’s academic institution. Interested candidates should email a
resume and cover letter to angela.sedlacek@mail.house.gov.

MEM-235-18

Chicago based Democrat Mike Quigley (IL-05) is seeking interns for the fall
semester in his Washington, DC office. Candidates should possess an interest in
the legislative process, excellent writing and communication skills, and a desire
to work in a fast-paced environment.

Page 1 of 25

Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative team to conduct
research, draft letters and policy memos. Responsibilities also include answering
phone calls, drafting constituent correspondence, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, and related administrative work. Interns will have the opportunity to
attend briefings, hearings, and other legislative events.
Individuals with Chicago ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified
candidates should email their cover letters and resumes to
Isabella.Spinozzi@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Internship Application.”
Although our application process is rolling, please be advised that preference will
be given to those who submit their applications by July 31st.
MEM-234-18

West Coast Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional
organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in their
Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent
constituent service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting
constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls
and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general
office administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and
work well in a team environment. Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to
westcoastgopinternship@gmail.com.

MEM-233-18

Member of Democratic leadership is currently seeking candidates for a full and/or
part-time social media fellow in his Washington, D.C. office, with positions
available starting in late July/early August.
The social media fellow will work closely with a fast-moving press shop for a
prominent Member of Congress and will be expected to contribute significantly.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: designing content for a variety of
platforms (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc.), creating videos and highlight reels
to highlight the Member’s legislative accomplishments, and working to engage
different audiences in the Congressman’s work through different and innovative
new-media approaches.
The social media fellow MUST be able to execute quickly in order to capitalize
on legislative success or trending moments. He/she will work closely with press
staff, but will be expected to complete assignments with a minimum of
supervision required. Furthermore, the successful candidate will be proactive in
proposing new content and news means to reach different audiences.
Women and minority candidates are particularly encouraged to apply. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Please, no calls or walk-ins.
This is an unpaid position; however, opportunities for school credit are available
if needed and social media fellows will also gain valuable exposure to the
Page 2 of 25

operations of a well-known House office. Interested applicants should send a
resume, cover letter, and two digital/video samples to
newyork08resumes@gmail.com with “Social Media Fellow” in the subject line.
MEM-232-18

Member of Democratic leadership is currently seeking candidates for full and
part-time press internships in his Washington, D.C. office, with positions
available starting late July/early August.
Interns will work closely with a fast-moving press shop for a prominent Member
of Congress and will be expected to contribute significantly. Responsibilities
include, but are not limited to: compiling daily press clips, preparing background
research on media requests and other projects as required.
This is NOT a typical Congressional internship. Interns will work closely with
press staff to create high-level content. Ideal candidates will be aggressive in their
pursuit of assigned tasks, have a strong work ethic, and will submit meticulouslyprepared material. New York State ties are preferred, but not required.
Women and minority candidates are particularly encouraged to apply. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Please, no calls or walk-ins.
These are unpaid positions; however, opportunities for school credit are available
if needed and interns will also gain valuable exposure to the operations of a wellknown House office. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and
two writing samples to newyork08resumes@gmail.com with “Press Internship”
in the subject line.

MEM-231-18

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Natural Resources is accepting
applications for unpaid, Full-Time Legislative Interns for the Fall 2018 term.
While working with the Committee, interns are provided the unique opportunity
to learn and experience the Congressional legislative process. Applicants must be
able to follow direction, work independently, possess clear and concise writing
skills, excellent research capabilities, and exceptional interpersonal skills.
Duties and responsibilities include:
• Research legislative policy issues
• Attend committee hearings, markups, briefings, and meetings
• Conduct background studies
• Perform stakeholder outreach
• Answer phone calls
• Sort and distribute mail
• Compile data and statistics
• Draft correspondence
• Assemble committee documents
• Track House floor proceedings

Page 3 of 25

Committee internships run concurrently with college semesters and/or quarters;
from September - December for fall/winter internships. Our office hours are from
9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. Internships are unpaid but may
be used for college credit. Interns are responsible for lodging and transportation.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
addressed to Omar Toro. Title your email with the subject line "Legislative
Internship Application" and send to nrdems@mail.house.gov.
MEM-230-18

The office of Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney (D-NY-18) is looking for a
digital/press intern who can assist in executing an aggressive communications
strategy. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills and strong
research, writing, and communication skills. Ideal candidates are college
students, recent graduates, or graduate students with experience using the Adobe
Suite – especially Adobe Premiere. Graphic design and photography experience
are a plus.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Primary Duties:
·
·
·
·
·

Assisting with graphic design, video production, video editing
Drafting social media content (i.e. facebook, twitter, instagram)
Taking photos of and recording events
Managing press lists, including creating issue-specific press lists
Compiling press clips, assisting with other Comms Shop projects

Please send a resume and cover letter to nyinterns18@gmail.com with the subject
line “FALL PRESS INTERNSHIP”. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
MEM-229-18

In the Washington, DC office, internships run throughout the fall, spring or
summer semesters for college students. Although all internships in all offices are
unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. The hours are flexible to
accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to
6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in
session.
In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to
answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process
and the many other functions of a congressional office.
U.S. Representative for the State of Montana. Greg Gianforte has a track record
as a businessman and entrepreneur, having launched and operated five successful
companies. Greg and his wife, Susan, founded their latest company, RightNow
Technologies, a cloud-based software provider, in their Montana home over 20
Page 4 of 25

years ago. The company grew into Bozeman’s largest commercial employer,
creating over 500 high-paying jobs. Greg continues to mentor aspiring
entrepreneurs across the state. As an electrical engineer, Greg has been solving
hard problems for decades. Greg’s top priorities are making sure the voices of
Montana are heard in Washington and protecting the Montana way of life from
federal overreach. Greg is focused on bringing accountability to Washington,
which has forgotten that the power rests with the people, not special interests. He
supports enacting term limits, banning members of Congress from becoming
lobbyists, and requiring members of Congress to balance the budget or not get
paid. Greg and Susan have been married for 29 years and raised their four
children in Bozeman, Montana. A strong supporter of Montana’s public lands,
Greg is an avid outdoorsman and sportsman. He enjoys hiking, hunting, fishing,
and backpacking. Greg could not have asked for a better place to raise his family
and build his business than Montana. Sworn into Congress in 2017, Greg is
honored and humbled to represent the people of Montana, and serves on the
House Committee on Natural Resources as well as the House Committee on
Oversight and Government Reform.
Interested candidates should apply at
https://gianforte.house.gov/services/internships to be considered.
MEM-227-18

Congressman Sean P. Duffy is looking for fall interns! We are looking for
energetic and driven individuals who are eager to learn. Congressman Duffy
represents Wisconsin’s 7th Congressional District and serves on the House
Financial Services Committee as the Chairman of the House Financial Services
Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance. The internship program is a very
hands-on program where our goal is to make you feel like you are a part of the
team. If you are a student or recent graduate and think you would benefit from
this opportunity, please email your resume and cover letter to
Scheduler.Northwoods@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling
basis, so there is currently no deadline to apply.
DUTIES:
•
•
•
•

Provide constituents with tours of the U.S. Capitol
Responsible for being responsive to constituent inquiries
Answer telephone calls and respond appropriately
Attend briefings, workshops, and/or house learning center classes

CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•
•

Legislative Research
Writing constituent correspondence
Administrative Duties
Tours of the U.S. Capitol

QUALIFICATIONS:
Page 5 of 25

•
•
•

Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Track record of responsibility
Exemplifies great customer service

MEM-226-18

California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the Fall 2018 internship
session to begin in August 2018. Interns will conduct legislative research,
compile press clips, assist with front office operations, help with constituent
relations, coordinate and conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day
operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking,
creative, critical thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications
and writing skills are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not
required. Please submit a cover letter, brief writing sample, resume and
availability to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-225-18

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Fall 2018. The
internship is scheduled to run during August through December, depending on
the availability of the applicant.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are
considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain
experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a
Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting
constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and
hearings. Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their
internship through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter,
writing sample and dates of availability to
internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with "2018 Fall Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-224-18

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton is currently accepting
applications for Fall 2018 interns. We are seeking undergraduate and graduate
students interested in gaining congressional work experience in her Capitol Hill
Office, or in her Main District Office.
Responsibilities of congressional interns include but are not limited to answering
telephones, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol tours to constituents,
tracking legislation, attending community events, assisting with constituent
casework, coordinating press-related activities, attending hearings, and preparing
constituent correspondence. These tasks give students valuable, direct interaction
with the inner workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process.
If you would like to be considered for an internship in Norton's office please
submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and at least one letter of
Page 6 of 25

recommendation to Marquis.Woods@mail.house.gov , with "Norton Internship"
in the subject line of the email.
Please note that internships require a minimum three-month commitment, are
unpaid, and require applicants to be enrolled in a post-secondary institution.
MEM-223-18

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time interns for his
Washington, DC office. Candidates should be enthusiastic, flexible, and detailoriented with immediate availability, and a preference for those who can stay 2-3
months. New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, guiding tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff with
projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should possess strong oral and written
communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a
good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico ties are strongly encouraged
to apply. Please email your desired availability and earliest possible start date to
NM03@mail.house.gov, with your application materials (resume, cover letter,
and a 1-2 page writing sample) attached as a single PDF and with “Internship
Application: [Your Name]” in the subject field.

MEM-222-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Steve Russell (OK-5) is seeking
candidates for full or part-time internships for Fall 2018. Interns will observe the
inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of
the legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours,
answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and
hearings, and working on special projects. Oklahoma ties are preferred, but not
required. Please send your resume and cover letter to
mitchell.wilkinson@mail.house.gov, with "Internship Application" in the subject
line.

MEM-221-18

California Congressman Jared Huffman is seeking current college students or
recent college graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for a full-time or
part-time Fall semester internship. We are seeking motivated, organized, and
reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-today duties. Such duties include attending briefings and hearings, answering
phones, drafting constituent correspondence letters, doing legislative research,
and various other tasks. The internship is unpaid, though interns will gain
valuable Hill and office experience and will have access to many unique Hill
opportunities. California ties are preferred, but not necessary.

Please send a resume and cover letter to DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov.
Please no drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.

Page 7 of 25

MEM-220-18

The office of Congressman Mark DeSaulnier (CA-11) is currently seeking
interns for his Washington, D.C. office for fall 2018. Duties will include
answering phones, sorting mail, conducting staff-led tours of the U.S. Capitol,
attending briefings, and other assistance to office staff. The ideal candidates are
energetic, resourceful, and able to effectively multitask in a fast- paced
environment. This internship is unpaid, and applicants should be available ideally
from August through December. Preference will be given to candidates with
district ties. Interested candidates should submit their application at
https://desaulnier.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-218-18

The House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific
seeks candidates for a Fall 2018 internship position. Undergraduates, graduate
students, and recent graduates with a demonstrated interest in U.S. policy towards
the Asia-Pacific will be considered. The Subcommittee offers full and part time
internships.
The Subcommittee intern is expected to be motivated and entrepreneurial, a
strong writer and communicator, detail oriented, and able to produce high quality
work products under time constraints. The intern will assist with daily
subcommittee operations such as research, database maintenance, fact checking,
content editing, and proofreading. The intern will also assist with the preparation
and execution of subcommittee hearings, which will include conducting research
and analysis, organizing documents for staff and members, and assisting staff in
the hearing room.
Proactive interns will be able to take advantage of this opportunity to enhance
their knowledge of Asia policy and professional life on Capitol Hill by
participation in hearings, briefings, and meetings, as well as other opportunities.
Interns are expected to demonstrate a high level of professionalism and
reliability. All internships are uncompensated, but staff are happy to support
interns seeking class credit for their work.
Information about the subcommittee’s membership and recent activities can be
found at http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/subcommittees/asia-and-pacific.
Interested candidates should send a resume and a cover letter explaining their
interest in the subcommittee’s work, qualifications for the position, and hours of
availability to hfac.asia.internship@gmail.com. Application materials must be
received by 11:59pm, Sunday, August 12, 2018, and will be considered on a
rolling basis.

MEM-217-18

The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for
unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Fall 2018. The internship will offer
students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative
process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors,
sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading
tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for
Page 8 of 25

various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our
internship program begins in August until the end of December. First priority will
be given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter, a
short writing sample (1-2 pages) and work availability with the subject line “D.C
Fall 2018 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus but are
not required.
MEM-216-18

The office of Congressman Dave Reichert (WA-08) is currently seeking
candidates for full and part-time internships in his Washington, D.C. office for
the fall session, with positions available starting mid-August. These are unpaid
internships; however, opportunities for school credit are available if needed. The
internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of major.
Interns will observe firsthand the inner workings of a Congressional office, while
gaining relevant and valuable knowledge of the legislative process. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, conducting legislative research,
compiling press clips, assisting with front office operations, helping with
constituent relations, and receiving training in order to conduct U.S. Capitol
tours. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend legislative briefings and
congressional hearings on Capitol Hill.
Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic and be detailed-oriented and well
organized. He/she will also possess strong communication and writing skills, as
well as an enthusiasm for the political process and fast-paced congressional
operations. Successful candidates will be personable, adaptable, good-humored,
and service-oriented. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.
Congressman Reichert is a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee
and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to
work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested
applicants should send a resume and cover letter to wa08internship@gmail.com.

MEM-215-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is
seeking both full and part time legislative interns for fall 2018. Start date in midAugust/Early September and applicants must be a college sophomore or higher.
Typical tasks include answering phones, drafting letters, attending briefings and
writing memos, guiding Capitol Tours, batching constituent mail, and assisting
staff with various special projects. Successful interns must be professional, selfmotivated, eager to learn, work well under pressure, and detail-orientated. An
interest in politics and a positive attitude is a must. New York ties are preferred
but not required.

Page 9 of 25

This internship is unpaid but provides invaluable professional experience, daily
interaction with Capitol Hill staff and officials, and the opportunity to be at the
center of American politics. Optional academic credit is also available.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter and resume to nyinterns18@gmail.com
with the subject line “FALL INTERNSHIP APPLICATION” by August 17th.
MEM-214-18

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for an internship in Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with
research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as
necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning August 27th,
2018. To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to
Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter.

MEM-213-18

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01), a Senior Member of the Energy and
Commerce Committee, seeks undergraduate or graduate students for full-time or
part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, D.C. office. Duties include, but
are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting
constituent correspondence, and providing research assistance to the legislative
staff. Qualified candidates will have strong communication skill and an interest in
the legislative process. Colorado ties are preferred but not required. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
DeGette.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-212-18

The Office of Congressman Paul Cook (CA-District 8), is seeking an Intern to
begin August 2018. This opportunity will provide college level students, or recent
graduates, hands-on work with legislation regarding foreign policy, international
relations, military affairs, and defense policy in a Republican office. Interns will
learn about the intricacies of the legislative process and how the House of
Representatives operates.
Responsibilities:
• Explore policy ideas and perform research projects
• Attend Congressional Hearings
• Assist staff with legislative research
Page 10 of 25

•
•
•

Answer telephones
Lead constituent tours
Other tasks as needed

Qualifications:
• Exceptional oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work in a group or with constituents and remain professional
and courteous at all times.
• Excellent organizational skills
• Responsible and dependable
• Eager to learn attitude
If you would like to apply for our internship program please contact our Intern
Coordinator, Bert Johnson, at Bert.Johnson@mail.house.gov with your Resume,
Cover Letter, and availability range.
MEM-211-18

U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY – Democratic Staff
POSITION DESCRIPTION

JOB TITLE:
Fall 2018 Intern
SUMMARY:
Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with policy
and administrative support. The individual is required to demonstrate exceptional
research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Performs legislative and policy research.
• Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups
by:
o Researching background on witnesses and hearing topics.
o Finalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff.
o Delivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
• Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee.
• Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
o Answering Phones
o General office tidiness and maintenance
• Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and
policy negotiations, discussions and other activities.
QUALIFICATIONS:

Page 11 of 25

Must be at least a Sophomore in college. Coursework and experience in Political
Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related field is
preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written communication
skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines. Must be familiar
with Microsoft Office.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Amanda.Mims@mail.house.gov.
MEM-210-18

Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Washington,
D.C. team for a full-time, unpaid internship during the fall, for a duration of three
months or longer. Ideals candidates will be able to start early or mid-August.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and
writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hardworking intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more
complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous
internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a onepage writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to
MA07.intern4@mail.house.gov.

MEM-311-18

Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) is seeking applications
for internship positions available in his Washington, D.C. office. Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis. This internship provides a great opportunity
to gain experience working in a Congressional office and get a first-hand look at
the legislative process.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, supporting legislative and
communications activities, helping with front office operations, assisting with
constituent relations, and giving tours of the Capitol. Candidates should be selfstarters with excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask effectively
and think critically, attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative and
governmental process.
This internship presents an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. Southern California ties are preferred,
but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color,
national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and
minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should email a
resume and cover letter to CA34.internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship
Application” in the subject line.

Page 12 of 25

MEM-310-18

Congressman Bill Posey (FL-08) is currently seeking highly motivated and
organized applicants for a part-time or full-time unpaid internship starting in
Mid-August. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process,
excellent communication skills, attention to detail, and a positive attitude.
Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones,
leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, constituent correspondence, legislative research,
and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred, but are not
required. If interested, please send a resume to FL.Conservative@mail.house.gov.

MEM-309-18

The Office of the Representative Linda Sánchez is currently accepting
applications for a full-time internship. Ideal candidates will possess excellent
communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will
include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol
tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and
assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are
preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with
“CA38 Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-308-18

Congressman Fred Upton is currently seeking interns for the Fall 2018 semester.
Fred represents Michigan’s 6th Congressional district in Southwest Michigan and
is a moderate Republican currently serving as Chair of the Subcommittee on
Energy. This position would be paid and the office is willing to work with
flexible hours. Typical duties for interns include taking constituent concerns,
giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, and assisting legislative and press staffers with
researching different policy issues. We hope you will consider applying. Please
send a resume and any questions to Ingrid at Ingrid.johnson@mail.house.gov, or
call our DC office at (202) 225-3761.

MEM-307-18

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04) seeks highly
motivated full or part-time interns for Fall 2018, available to start in September.
Internship will last into December. Successful candidates will demonstrate that
they are organized, detail-oriented, and professional. Strong written and oral
communication skills are essential.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will:
answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the
US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative
research. Internships are unpaid, but arrangements may be made to earn academic
credit. Interns will also participate in professional development activities within
the office.
Please send a resume, cover letter, three professional references and a brief
Page 13 of 25

writing sample to OR04.InternCoordinator@mail.house.gov with the subject
“Fall 2018 Internship”. Applicants with part time schedules should include what
days/times they are available during the week. Candidates with Oregon ties are
strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-305-18

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
legislative interns in our Washington, D.C. office. Interns in our office perform
legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational
experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending
policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research,
producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members
on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! All
internships are unpaid. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2018 Pocan Fall Internship” in the subject
line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis no later than August 10th.

MEM-304-18

The Office of Congressman David Price is currently accepting applications for
our Fall internship program running from August 2018 through the middle of
December. This position requires greeting guests and constituents, answering
phone calls, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, writing legislative memos, and assisting in general day to
day activities. While unpaid, this position ensures a wonderful work environment
and will strengthen your understanding of Congress and Washington.
The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of
major. Qualified candidates will be hard working, possess strong written and oral
skills, and have the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested
candidates should submit their application here: https://price.house.gov/kidsstudents/internships. Should you have any questions, please reach out to our
office via email at nc04.intern@mail.house.gov.

MEM-303-18

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) seeks a Press Intern for
the fall of 2018 in the Washington, DC office. Primary responsibilities will
include: compiling and distributing daily news clips, media monitoring, drafting
graphics, social media content, press releases, and floor speeches. Candidates
must have strong written and verbal communication skills as well as the ability to
work under tight deadlines. Hawaii ties are preferred, but not required. Please
send a resume, brief cover letter, two short writing samples, and availability to

Page 14 of 25

Lauren.Mcilvaine@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press Intern” by July
31st.
MEM-302-18

The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a press intern to
assist with a fast-paced communications operation for Fall 2018. Qualified
candidates will have strong writing, editing, event planning, social media, graphic
design, and photography skills, and be able to work on tight deadlines. Selected
candidate will also be expected to perform standard administrative duties.
Intern responsibilities include:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Social media content development
Event photography
Compiling press clips
Clipping videos
Creating graphics
Drafting press releases
Answering phones

Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, a 1-3 page writing
sample and dates of availability to GwenMoorePress.Moore@mail.house.gov
with “Press Internship” in the subject field.

MEM-301-18

The Office of Representative Ro Khanna (CA-17) is seeking qualified candidates
to intern full-time in the Washington, D.C. office from mid-August through midDecember of 2018. Although all internships in all offices are unpaid, students
gain invaluable work experience. The hours can be flexible to accommodate
students' evening schedules but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Interns are
expected to be in the office at least 35 hours per week.
In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to
answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process
and the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply to intern in the DC office, please send your resume, a short writing
sample, and your availability to ca17dcinterns.resumes@mail.house.gov. Due to
the high volume of applicants, a response is not guaranteed.

MEM-300-18

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the fall semester of 2018. Interns will work
in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge
of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the
Page 15 of 25

opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as
attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude,
strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to
work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and
resume. Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted
for consideration.

MEM-208-18

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergraduate and recent graduate student legislative interns for the
Fall 2018 program (August/September through December).
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well
as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Ideal candidates are organized and committed students (and/or recent graduates)
eager to join a fast-paced environment and build upon their knowledge of how
Congress works. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail,
and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but parttime candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Although internships are unpaid, applicants may request the Committee’s
assistance in receiving credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (no longer than two pages) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In
the subject line, please indicate the program session for which you are applying
(e.g. [Fall 2018] Legislative Intern Application):

Page 16 of 25

*In your cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling
purposes.*

MEM-207-18

The Office of Congressman Al Lawson (FL-05), is seeking full – or part – time
interns for the Fall semester in the Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities
include but are not limited to: assisting in legislative research, answering phone
calls, attending briefings, greeting front office visitors, and leading tours of the
Capitol. Ideal candidates will have a strong attention to detail, an enthusiasm for
the political and congressional processes, strong writing skills, and the ability to
thrive in an energetic office environment.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, short writing sample (1-2 pages),
and work availability to malikha.daniels@mail.house.gov.

MEM-206-18

The Office of Congressman Steve Pearce (NM-02) is accepting applications for
full or part-time interns in the Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking
responsible individuals who possess excellent written and verbal communication
skills and a strong work ethic. Interns assist with research, mail processing, data
entry, reception duties, tours, and other office tasks. Internships are unpaid, but
we are happy to work with students to receive college credit.
Interested applicants should send their resume, cover letter, and availability to
NM02.Internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-205-18

Congressman Erik Paulsen’s office is currently accepting applications for unpaid
internships in the District office in Eden Prairie, MN and in Washington, D.C.
A Congressional internship offers applicants an exciting opportunity to support
staff while learning about the daily operations of the Legislative branch. Interns
will assist the staff with constituent services, communications, administrative
tasks, and legislative research. Congressman Paulsen’s Internship Program is
designed primarily for the educational benefit of the participant. Interns working
in the District Office have the opportunity to contribute to the office’s interaction
with the surrounding community through constituent services, local events, and
community meetings. Interns in the Washington, D.C. Office will gain insight
into the federal government and the legislative process by working closely with
staff and attending hearings and briefings. Candidates should have a strong work
ethic, be highly organized and motivated, and possess a positive attitude.
This internship is unpaid. College credit, if applicable, will be provided. MN ties
preferred but not required. Qualified applicants should send their cover letter and
resume to Joe Dillon at Joe.Dillon@mail.house.gov.

Page 17 of 25

MEM-203-18

Congresswoman Debbie Lesko (AZ-08) is currently seeking interns for the Fall
Term for his Washington D.C. office. Candidates must be self-starters, detail
oriented, have excellent writing and communication skills, and be able to multitask. The internship involves researching legislative issues, assisting with
incoming mail, attending lectures and hearings, giving Capitol tours, working
with legislative staff on special projects and assisting with other general office
duties. Please note that this is an unpaid internship, if you are seeking college
credit our office would be happy to assist in that. Arizona ties a plus. Please email
your cover letter and resume to john.zwaanstra1@mail.house.gov with “Fall
Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-202-18

The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (NJ-01) is seeking qualified interns
for our D.C. office for Fall 2018. Intern duties vary on a daily basis, but are all
critical to the function of our office. Daily tasks include, but are not limited to,
answering phones, responding to constituent requests, compiling research on
targeted issues and assisting with staff-led projects. In addition, interns lead
Capitol tours, run errands and complete various administrative tasks as needed.
Interns will also have the opportunity to attend special events, such as committee
hearings, briefings and seminars. Internships run throughout the fall, spring or
summer semesters for college students. Although this internship is unpaid,
students gain invaluable work experience. The hours are flexible to accommodate
students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Prospective applications should be highly motivated self-starters, eager to learn
about Capitol Hill and the mechanisms of the United States Congress. We are
looking for individuals with an excellent work ethic, ability to multitask and most
importantly, a willingness to learn. They must demonstrate an ability to produce
polished work, to maintain professionalism in a work environment an interest in
the legislative process, strong communication skills, and experience using
Microsoft Office
Please submit a resume, cover letter and writing sample via email to:
beth.stanley@mail.house.gov with “DC Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-201-18

The Office of Congressman Kurt Schrader (D-OR) Fall Internship
The responsibilities of a congressional intern primarily focus on helping the
Congressman communicate with his 700,000-plus constituents by phone, letter,
and email; leading visiting constituents on tours of the historic US Capitol
building; as well as taking on any other assignments given by staffers based on
the interests/abilities of the individual intern. The position requires patience,
intellect, and exceptional people skills.

Page 18 of 25

The Congressional internship is unpaid and does not receive monetary
compensation. The compensation offered is optional academic credit.
Congressman Kurt Schrader is a Democratic Representative elected to the US
House of Representatives in 2008. The Congressman is a veterinarian and farmer
who lives owns a farm in Canby, Oregon. Congressman Schrader currently serves
as a member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce (E&C), which
oversees a wide portfolio of issues ranging from health care to the environment.
In addition to his Washington, DC office staff, who deal principally with
legislative issues, the Congressman has two additional offices and staffs in Salem
and Oregon City, Oregon, who handle the fifth district’s casework.
Candidates should possess excellent communication skills both verbal and
written, an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress, and
have a familiarity with the fifth congressional district of Oregon.
Start date: September 1 (Flexible)
End Date: December 18 (Flexible)
If you are interested, please email a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
adrian.ballinger@mail.house.gov.
MEM-200-18

The office of Congressman Jim Costa (D-CA) is currently seeking an unpaid
Intern for the Fall Semester. This is an excellent opportunity for college students
or recent graduates who want Hill experience. Interns will be expected to assist
legislative staff, while also performing administrative tasks such as answering
phones, sorting mail, etc. Individuals who are motivated, dependable, and have
good communication skills are encouraged to apply. Potential schedules may be
determined upon interview, but a minimum commitment of 32 hours per week is
requested. Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, and responsible,
possess the ability to multi-task and a good sense of humor is always a
plus. California ties are preferred but not required. Please send your resume,
cover letter, a writing sample (no more than 3 pages), and your dates of
availability to californiamoderate@gmail.com.

MEM-199-18

The Office of Congresswoman Elise Stefanik (NY-21) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Fall of 2018. Applicants
should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Interns will get to
work in a fast-paced environment and learn how a Congressional office operates.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting
legislative research, attending briefings/hearings, leading Capitol tours, assisting
with constituent relations, and managing the front office. The internship gives
students the opportunity to interact directly with the inner workings of Capitol
Hill and the legislative process. Internships are unpaid, and New York ties are
preferred. Please send your resume and cover letter to pattyjane.geller@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line.
Page 19 of 25

MEM-198-18

The office of Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) seeks motivated and
amiable applicants for his Washington, DC office. Interns in the DC office will
help draft constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional
hearings, and function as a key part of the staff. Interns will also assist with
answering phone calls, providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the mail
that the office receives. Applicants may be college students or recent graduates,
and class credit can be offered. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required.
Please send resume and availability to madeline.bryant@mail.house.gov.

MEM-197-18

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
legislative interns for Fall 2018 in our Washington, D.C. office. Interns in our
office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career
and educational experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent
correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing
legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and
supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! All
internships are unpaid. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2017 Pocan Fall Internship” in the subject
line.

MEM-196-18

The office of Congressman Ron DeSantis (FL-06) is currently accepting
applications for full-time and part-time interns for Fall 2018. Interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand legislative experience working for a
congressional office. Interns will work closely with staff to draft letters and press
releases, give Capitol tours to constituents, answer phones, produce legislative
projects, and attend briefings and hearings.
Ideal candidates possess a strong work ethic, a positive attitude, and excellent
written and oral communication skills, as well as an interest in politics and the
legislative process. Florida applicants are preferred but not required.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
FL06.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-195-18

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Fall 2018 semester in Washington DC. Intern
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
Page 20 of 25

to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to
the Pacific Northwest required. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover
letter, two references, and work availability with the subject line “Fall 2018
Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.
MEM-194-18

Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is currently seeking interns for the Fall
Term for his Washington D.C. office. Candidates must be self-starters, detail
oriented, have excellent writing and communication skills, and be able to multitask. The internship involves researching legislative issues, assisting with
incoming mail, attending lectures and hearings, giving Capitol tours, working
with legislative staff on special projects and assisting with other general office
duties. Please note that this is an unpaid internship, if you are seeking college
credit our office would be happy to assist in that. California ties a plus. Please
email your cover letter and resume to paige.boogaard@mail.house.gov with “Fall
Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-192-18

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Jim Renacci (OH-16) is now
accepting applications for Fall internships. Full and part-time internships are
available. Start/ stop dates are flexible. Basic intern responsibilities include
greeting visitors, answering phones, sorting mail, legislative research, assisting
staff on various projects, and conducting tours of the Capitol Building. Interns
will have the opportunity to attend briefings and hearings of interest as well as
see firsthand how a congressional office operates. Candidates must be motivated,
flexible, confident, and able to work well independently in a fast paced
environment. Ohio ties are preferred but not required. College students and recent
graduates considered. Internships are unpaid but course credit is available. Intern
housing information is available upon request. Qualified candidates should send a
cover letter and resume to Ben.Margolin@mail.house.gov.

MEM-190-18

U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ), member of the Ways and Means Committee,
seeks fall interns for his Washington, DC office. This internship term runs from
September through mid-December. Duties include sorting and processing mail,
greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings,
researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting our press
team, and drafting constituent correspondence. This internship is unpaid. Ties to
New Jersey are strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the
Ways and Means Committee and as the Ranking Member on the Ways and
Means Subcommittee on Trade. He holds a leadership position on the Democratic
Steering and Policy Committee. This internship is an opportunity to work in a
veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. We are very open to interns
working in the areas that interest them most and taking on increasing
responsibility as the summer progresses. Interested applicants should send a
Page 21 of 25

resume and cover letter to Christopher Hadad
(Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).
All applications are due by July 27th, 2018.
MEM-189-18

The office of Congresswoman Martha McSally is seeking fall interns for the
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
conducting Capitol tours, corresponding with constituents, researching legislative
issues, attending committee hearings, and assisting the Member and staff with
data management.
Interns will be expected to work a minimum of 24 hours per week, with
preference given to candidates who can work full time. Ideal candidates are selfstarters with strong interpersonal skills, writing capabilities, and attention to
detail. Interested candidates should email resumes to
chris.beckmann@mail.house.gov.

MEM-188-18

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the Fall of 2018. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful
candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. California ties are a plus. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of
availability to Robert.Clark@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2018 Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-187-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dwight Evans (PA-02) is seeking
highly motivated interns for the fall semester. Strong written and verbal
communication skills required. Must be dependable and a team player. Duties
include conducting research for legislative staff, leading Capitol tours, answering
constituent phone calls and inquiries, attending congressional briefings and
hearings, and compiling press clips. Interns will gain valuable professional
experience and inside knowledge of the legislative process on Capitol Hill.
Philadelphia or Pennsylvania ties strongly preferred but not required. This is an
unpaid internship, but we are happy to work with college students to receive
academic credit. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and
availability to Chandler.Mason@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2018
Internship.”

MEM-184-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is
seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming fall
semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and
communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases,
Page 22 of 25

answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability
to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political
process and congressional affairs. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of
availability to MaryBeth.Hervig@mail.house.gov with “Name - Internship
Application” in the subject line.
MEM-183-18

The Office of Congressman Daniel Lipinski (IL-03) is currently seeking both full
and part time spring interns for the fall semester in the Washington D.C.
office. Prospective interns should have a love for politics and the legislative
process, a desire to learn, and a willingness to work hard in this fast-paced office.
This is an unpaid internship.
Day to day intern responsibilities will include: drafting constituent
correspondence, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering phones, working
with legislative staff on policy issue research, and attending briefings and
hearings. Interns will work closely with legislative staff and will be given all the
tools necessary to learn to become a congressional staffer by the end of the
internship.
Applications can be submitted via the email link at
https://lipinski.house.gov/internships/. Applications will be accepted on a rolling
basis and should include: your name, contact information, university, year of
graduation, dates you are available, and an attached resume and cover letter.
Third District of Illinois ties are preferred. Please no drop ins.

MEM-181-18

Congressman Scott DesJarlais (TN-04)—unpaid; full time internship
The DC office of Congressman DesJarlais is looking for Fall interns, SeptemberDecember.
The responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer phones, conduct
Capitol tours, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process
and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Interested candidates should e-mail an updated resume and cover letter to
MeKenna.Carman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-178-18

Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2018 term. Intern
responsibilities include greeting guests in the front office, opening and sorting
Page 23 of 25

mail, guiding Capitol building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as
attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal
candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and cover
letter to caleb.baca@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling
basis, so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be
adjusted to accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties preferred but not
required.
MEM-176-18

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess
strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending
Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones,
sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research. Although all internships
are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students to receive college credit.
Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to hannah.cooke@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-175-18

Congressman Mike Bishop (MI-8th District) is a member of the U.S. House of
Representatives, representing Ingham County, Livingston County, and North
Oakland County. The Fall Internship Program will be based out of his Washington
D.C. Office. Chosen applicants will have the opportunity to develop expertise in a
congressional office and constituent relations. Applicants must possess excellent
writing skills, a proactive work ethic, and the ability to learn quickly. Internships
are unpaid, but our office is happy to support programs offering academic credit.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1 to 2 pages any
topic), and availability to Erin Beebe via email at Erin.Beebe@mail.house.gov.
Office Duties:
• Drafting constituent commendations and correspondence
• Assisting in research relating to legislation
• Conduct and lead tours of the Capitol building for our constituents
• Directing constituent phone calls
Requirements:
• Ability to communicate professionally and diplomatically at all times
• Experience in a professional work environment
• Knowledge of current events
• Commitment to staying informed on federal legislation and current
events

Page 24 of 25

Office Information:
• Office hours are from 9:00am to 5:00pm Monday through Friday
• Our D.C. office address is 428 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
• Business professional dress is required
MEM-155-18

The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for Fall 2018 Interns. We are seeking dependable, politically
conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and strong
work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school. The
deadline to apply is June 29, 2018. Applicants should email their resume, cover
letter, 2 references (1 professional and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and
completed application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov. These materials should
be in PDF format. Please visit budget.house.gov for the application and more
information. Late and incomplete application packets will not be considered. Paid
internships are available to any student working full time and not receiving
course credit.

Page 25 of 25

