________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 12, 2024

MEM-361-24 Representative Mary Sattler Peltola is seeking a highly motivated press/digital
intern to work in person in the Washington, D.C. office for the Fall Session.
Press/digital interns are an integral part of day-to-day operations and gain
hands-on experience, including having opportunities to take classes, attend
meetings and press conferences, and meet with senior Hill staff.
Press/Digital Intern Responsibilities:
• Draft and edit press releases, statements, op-eds, and other
communication materials
• Compile press clips and monitor emerging news stories
• Maintain and update media contact lists and databases
• Prepare press reports for internal distribution
• Draft social media and contribute to digital strategy
• Edit videos, and design graphics and posters
• Support the communications team with administrative tasks and project
coordination
• Other duties as assigned
Skills and Qualifications:
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills
• Strong attention to detail and organizational abilities
• Ability to multitask and prioritize in a fast-paced environment
• Majoring in Communications, Journalism, or a related field is a plus
Page 1 of 10

•
•
•

Familiarity with social media platforms and digital communication tools
A proactive and collaborative attitude
A sense of humor

Internship Details:
Fall internships will start in late August and go until mid-December, with some
flexibility. This is a paid opportunity. Alaska ties are a plus, but not required.
Please submit your application to Bryce.cluff@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “FULL NAME Press/Digital Intern Application,” with a resume, one-page
writing sample and digital sample (graphic, video, etc.) no later than COB
August 15, 2024.
We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation,
religion, national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and
encouraged to apply.
MEM-354-24 Fall internships in Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s office will be held inperson in the Washington, D.C. office. Schedules are flexible to accommodate
academic schedules. Interns are paid on an hourly basis.
Interns would have the chance to gain valuable hands-on experience while
serving the constituents of California’s 45th district. Interns would be exposed
to a wide range of policy areas, including the Congresswoman’s work on the
House Ways and Means Committee, Education and Workforce Committee, AI
Task Force, and the Select Committee on the Chinese Communist Party.
Responsibilities would include corresponding with constituents, performing
research for staff, giving tours of the Capitol building, attending Congressional
hearings, and helping prepare for upcoming hearings.
Interested applicants should send a copy of their resume
to Andrew.Weinstock@mail.house.gov. Successful interns have strong attention
to detail and communications skills, as well as a strong interest in learning about
the legislative process.
MEM-352-24 The Office of Congressman Maxwell Alejandro Frost is hiring an intern in our
Washington, D.C. office for the fall 2024 semester. Interns will gain invaluable
educational experience from working in Congress. The hours can be flexible to
accommodate students' course schedules, but we generally require 32 hours a
week and pay $18 an hour.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They may be asked to answer phones, run
errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, fulfill tasks for
communications staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent
letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the
legislative process and the many functions of a congressional office.

Page 2 of 10

District ties preferred. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should apply on our website
(https://frostforms.house.gov/forms/internships/?form) and indicate which term
they wish to apply for. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.
MEM-344-24 The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for part and full-time interns for the fall internship session. The
start date would be as early as September 2nd (flexible depending on
availability) with a flexible end date. This is an un-paid internship due to the
U.S. House of Representatives being on recess for all of October.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable
experience with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily
operations of the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional
manner at all times. Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors,
answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, opening and sorting mail,
attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various other tasks to
assist staff.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to nj02internships@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in your cover letter that
you’re applying for a fall internship and format the files as [Full
Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter].
MEM-340-24 Congressman Cory Mills’ (FL-07) Washington, D.C. office is currently seeking
qualified individuals to serve in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall of
2024.
Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office, while gaining
firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading
Capitol tours , answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with
legislative projects and attending briefings and hearings.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. This is a paid internship.
Please send resumes and cover letter to Milka.jurado2@mail.house.gov.
MEM-339-24 The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Kildee is seeking a highlymotivated and detail-oriented paid interns for the fall 2024 semester. Qualified
candidates will have demonstrated interest in research projects and learning
about the legislative process. Candidates should have strong writing and
analytical skills; and an interest in public service. Paid interns are all-around
Page 3 of 10

helping hands in the congressional office and will get the opportunity to work
on a variety of different projects. Michigan ties are a plus.
Internships are paid. The ideal candidate will be available from September
through November 2024.
Applicants interested in interning in the Washington, D.C. office should send a
cover letter and resume to Danielle.Stewart3@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Fall 2024 Legislative Internship”.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Oversee the front office, greeting constituents and guests in a
professional manner;
• Answer incoming telephone calls;
• Assist the Staff Assistant in organizing tours of the U.S. Capitol, White
House and other Washington, D.C. landmarks for constituents or
stakeholders;
• Assist the Staff Assistant in fulfilling flag requests;
• Assist the legislative staff by researching legislation and policies,
attending briefings and drafting cosponsor recommendations and
memos;
• Support the constituent mail program by batching constituent messages,
researching and drafting constituent mail;
• Performs other duties as assigned.
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
• Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Professionalism in interacting with constituents in person and on the
telephone;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Proficient in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation,
gender identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-338-24 The Flint and Midland offices of Congressman Dan Kildee are seeking a highly
motivated and detail-oriented paid interns for the fall 2024 semester. Qualified
candidates will have demonstrated interest in research projects and interacting
with constituents on the telephone, in person and at community outreach events.
Paid interns are all-around helping hands in the congressional office and will get
Page 4 of 10

the opportunity to work on a variety of different projects. Michigan ties are a
plus.
Internships are paid. The ideal candidate will be available from September
through December 2024.
Applicants interested in interning in the Flint office should send a cover letter
and resume to Zach.Neithercut@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2024
Internship”.
Applicants interested in interning in the Midland office should send a cover
letter and resume to Jacob.Sinclair@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall
2024 Internship”.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Oversee the front office, greeting constituents and guests in a
professional manner;
• Answer incoming telephone calls;
• Assist the District staff in conducting casework intake and directing
constituents to office resources;
• Support the field work team in drafting memos and conducting
background work for events in the community;
• Assist the Staff Assistant in drafting letters of support and Proclamations
for members in the community;
• Support the constituent mail program by batching constituent messages,
researching and drafting constituent mail;
• Performs other duties as assigned.
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
• Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Professionalism in interacting with constituents in person and on the
telephone;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation,
gender identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-337-24 The Office of Congresswoman Emilia Sykes (OH-13) is seeking a paid
Legislative Fellow to assist the legislative team with work in the Washington,
Page 5 of 10

D.C. office. This position is full time, Monday through Friday, and pays $3,000
a month. The position lasts from mid-August through mid-December.
The ideal candidate is hardworking and motivated; organized, detail-oriented
and resilient in the face of a fast-paced and ever-changing environment. The
ideal candidate is also proactive and comfortable working with diverse staff,
community members, and constituents. Our team values professionalism,
positivity, strategic thinking, and good humor.
The Office is an equal opportunity employer; women, people of color, members
of the LGBTQ+ community, and members of other traditionally
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send an email to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov
with their resume and cover letter in a single PDF. Please include last name and
position in the email subject line, e.g. “Legislative Fellow- [Last Name].” No
drop-ins, emails, or social media invitations please. Applications will be
accepted on a rolling basis.
MEM-336-24 The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a driven,
detail-oriented, hardworking, and engaged individual to work with her team.
This internship will be primarily in-person in the DC office with potential for
occasional work in the district office (Woodbridge, VA). The timing of the
internship is flexible based on the candidate’s schedule but would ideally start
in early September and could last up to 12 weeks. The intern would work with
the Congresswoman’s dynamic team to improve the lives of Seventh District
constituents and communities.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: • Constituent services: assist
the front office staff with answering constituent questions over the phone and
through the mail, draft correspondence, and assist with other office
administration tasks; • Legislative research: work with the legislative team to
conduct research on issue areas, write memos, and learn about the legislative
process; • District research: research and compile information for district events
and outreach; • Communications: collaborate with the Communications team on
tasks as needed such as writing letters; and • Other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES: • Responsible, reliable, punctual •
Has knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs • Able to problem
solve, think quickly, adapt, and handle sensitive information
HOURS & COMPENSATION: The schedule is flexible and based on
candidate’s schedule. This is a PAID internship; the office will pay an hourly
rate for applicants not supported by outside fellowships.

Page 6 of 10

TO APPLY: Please submit a resume and a 1-page cover letter that answers the
following questions in a single PDF:
• What, do you feel, is the biggest problem facing VA-07? • How do you want
to impact the community?
Please include the dates you are available, and any other scheduling constraints
(e.g. mornings or afternoons only) in your application. Email this information to
Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2024
Internship – First Name, Last Name.” DEADLINE: Applications received by
August 15, 2024 will be considered.
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger is an equal opportunity employer.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against because of race,
religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical disability, sexual
orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender expression) identity, color,
marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or any other classification
protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.
MEM-335-24 The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) is seeking full or parttime interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong
written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
research. This is a paid internship that complies with the House Paid Internship
Program.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: Fall 2024
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-334-24 The office of Congresswoman Victoria Spartz (IN-05) is now accepting
applications for paid, full-time congressional internships in our Washington,
DC office with an immediate start that continues throughout the fall.
Key opportunities: Interns in our office get the opportunity to attend
congressional briefings, hearings, and networking events. They also get to work
on a wide variety of legislative issues spanning foreign policy, education, and
economics. Interns who excel in their core duties will be given the opportunity
to direct more of their own work and focus on particular legislative areas of
interest.
Core internship duties in the Washington, DC office include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Assisting with office operations

Page 7 of 10

•
•
•
•
•

Attending congressional hearings and policy briefings and providing
insights to legislative staff
Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
Taking photos of the Congresswoman at important events
Conducting Capitol tours for constituents
Successful applicants will be highly motivated, possess excellent written
and verbal communication skills, and interact well with constituents. In
addition, applicants should have a strong interest in the legislative
process and the function of Congress.

To apply, please go to https://spartz.house.gov/services/internships.
MEM-333-24 Senior Republican Member of House Financial Services Committee Seeks
Financial Services Fellow
A senior Republican member serving on the House Financial Services
Committee is seeking a fellow to assist the Senior Policy Advisor in covering
the committee portfolio.
The person in this role will work on substantive financial services issues like
banking, crypto, housing, capital markets, fintech, insurance, and monetary
policy in the Member’s personal office. The fellow will be attending hearings,
monitoring legislation and regulations, assisting with official and constituent
correspondence, providing meeting materials, and more. The fellow should
leave this role with an in-depth understanding of how Capitol Hill operates, as
well as the major policy issues in financial services.
Ideal candidates must be excellent writers, able to work in a fast-paced
environment, and have good judgment. A background in finance is not required
but strongly preferred, whether it is in the private sector, government, or school.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Writing briefing materials for meetings with the Member
• Preparing materials for hearings, markups, and the House floor
• Conducting policy research
• Taking notes at meetings, hearings, briefings, and other events you
attend
• Tracking legislation and official correspondence
• Observing House proceedings
• Drafting constituent correspondence
This is a paid opportunity. Interested candidates should send their resume to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.
MEM-324-24 The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Fall 2024 session. Our internship dates are contingent
Page 8 of 10

upon the official House schedule. Tentatively, the fall internship is scheduled
from August 26th to December 20th, but these dates are subject to change.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge of the
day-to-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled
in an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an
ideal fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government –
however, any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the
legislative staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours,
and helping with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
• Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently
graduated.
• Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
• Have strong communications and writing skills.
• Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should
address their application materials to Katonya Pettaway at
Interns.NC03@gmail.com. Applications should include a cover letter, resume,
and what the individual’s internship schedule may look like.
MEM-316-24

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Fall
2024 internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates,
and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in
Congresswoman DeLauro's office combine administrative and legislative work.
Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form (also
located on delauro.house.gov/services/internships), cover letter, resume, brief
writing sample (1-2 pages), and two reference contacts in a single PDF file
to Lydia.McCarty@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2024 Internship”
by August 16.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
Page 9 of 10

compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.
MEM-312-24 Congressman Andrew Garbarino's (NY-02) Chairman of the Subcommittee on
Cyber Security and Infrastructure Protection seeks part-time paid interns for the
upcoming Fall 2024 semester in the Washington D.C. office.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting
staff with administrative duties, projects, legislative research, and drafting
constituent correspondence. Successful candidates will be able to work in a fastpaced environment, have a general understanding of the legislative process, and
possess strong written and
oral communication skills.
New York, and specifically Long Island ties, are preferred, but not required.
Undergraduate students and recent college graduates are preferred. Interested
applicants should submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF file
to Josh.Orenstein@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis.

Page 10 of 10

