________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 16, 2019

MEM-443-19

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform is
seeking energetic and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time
internships. The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain
substantive experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while
participating directly in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day
administrative operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes. Law
students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff. Background: The Oversight and Reform Committee is the
primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with
jurisdiction to investigate any matter at any time.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the
Page 1 of 10

office full time are preferred. Applications: Interested applicants should apply to
this position by emailing a cover letter and resume to
OversightJobs@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line.
No phone calls or drop-ins please. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-441-19

Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Fall 2019 in
Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with
various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones,
conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and
performing legislative research and analysis. We’re looking for responsible
individuals that are dependable, organized, and willing to learn. Internships are
open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Washington state ties are
encouraged but not required.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to:
Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor

MEM-438-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Mike Quigley (IL-05) is seeking a
highly motivated press intern to join an active communications team for a fulltime fall internship. Responsibilities will include drafting social media content,
distributing morning press clips, assisting the Communications Director with
drafting press releases and other written materials, and other responsibilities as
needed. The press intern will also complete traditional Congressional intern tasks
including answering phones, leading Capitol tours, and staffing the front desk as
needed.

Page 2 of 10

Ideal candidates will have ties to Chicago or Illinois and previous digital or
campaign experience. Women, LGBT, and minority candidates are encouraged to
apply. Please send a resume and cover letter to Victoria.Oms@mail.house.gov
with the subject line “Press Intern.”
MEM-434-19

Chicago based Democrat Mike Quigley (IL-05) is seeking interns for the fall
semester in his Washington, DC office to start immediately. Candidates should
possess an interest in the legislative process, excellent writing and
communication skills, and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative team to conduct
research, draft letters and policy memos. Responsibilities also include answering
phone calls, drafting constituent correspondence, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, and related administrative work. Interns will have the opportunity to
attend briefings, hearings, and other legislative events.
Individuals with Chicago ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified
candidates should email their cover letters and resumes to
Isabella.Spinozzi@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Internship Application.”

MEM-432-19

The Democratic Majority of the Committee on Rules is seeking a full-time press
intern for the upcoming semester (January-May). Opportunities will include
compiling daily press clips, working collaboratively to generate creative and
engaging content for digital platforms, and assisting communications staff with
the creation of additional materials as needed.
Ideal candidate is a politically savvy, detail-oriented, and creative self-starter who
is familiar with graphic and/or video design, with an interest in learning about
House procedure. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to
perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
diverse candidates, those with untraditional backgrounds, women, and LGBTQ
persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send both a resume and brief cover letter with the subject line:
Press Intern Spring 2020 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to
join, in particular, the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to
RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov. Please save requested documents
in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” The
deadline to apply is October 14, 2019.

MEM-431-19

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic
interns for the upcoming semester (January – May). Our interns work closely
with Committee staff to prepare materials for Committee meetings, process
Page 3 of 10

incoming amendments to bills, conduct research projects, answer phones, learn
about the Rules of the House and the special-order process, and complete a
variety of other administrative tasks.
Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work ethic, an interest in
learning about House floor procedures, and are detail-oriented. Applicants must
have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds or with untraditional
experience to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line:
Legislative Intern Spring 2020 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you
want to join the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to
RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov. Please save requested documents
in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” The
deadline to apply is October 14, 2019.
MEM-430-19

NJ Congressman seeks full or part-time interns for fall 2019 in Washington,
D.C. Typical duties include answering phones, conducting Capitol tours,
attending hearings and briefings on behalf of legislative staff, and drafting
constituent correspondence letters. This position is unpaid. No phone calls or
drop ins, please.
With “internship” in the subject line, please submit a cover letter listing your
availability in addition to a 1-2 page writing sample to:
Judi.Wolford@mail.house.gov

MEM-427-19

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a full
or part-time press intern. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
compiling press clips, photographing hearings, writing social media copy, and
other tasks as needed by the Communications team. Qualified candidates will
have strong oral and written communications skills as well as a desire to help
veterans and learn about the House and legislative process.
Submit a resume and cover letter to veterans.internships@mail.house.gov. Please
include in your cover letter how many days a week you would be available to
intern as well as your preferred start and end dates. Student veterans preferred,
but not required. Internships are unpaid.

MEM-424-19

California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time
interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified
candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office,
intern responsibilities will vary.

Page 4 of 10

Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give tours of the Capitol Building, run
errands, assist with constituent communication, research legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office.
Internships are paid and the office will provide any necessary assistance for
students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
CAGOPInternship@gmail.com
MEM-420-19

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks
a full-time, paid Communications Intern for the fall semester. Responsibilities
include updating and maintaining the website, creating social media content and
graphics, drafting press releases and op-eds, and compiling and tracking media
coverage.
Additionally, this intern is critical to the daily operation of the office including
tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, creative, reliable, and have excellent
writing and communications skills. Familiarity with social media and website
development is strongly desired. An interest in science policy is a plus.
Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and social media graphic sample
to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov with “Communications Intern” in the subject
line by September 20th. Please include your approximate dates of availability. No
calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-418-19

The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking
undergraduate interns for fall of 2019. Interns perform a variety of tasks that
support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include,
but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing
including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup
preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and
meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft
legislation and policy proposals.
Media tasks may include helping to organize and staff Committee press
conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips. Applicants
should be able to start in September and commit through December.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume, references and
internship applicant information form to
E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov. Please visit our website at
https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Applicants
should aim to submit their materials as soon as possible.

Page 5 of 10

MEM-417-19

The Office of Congressman H. Morgan Griffith (VA-09) is currently seeking full
or part-time unpaid interns for his Washington, D.C. office during the fall
semester. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication
skills.
Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings,
answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research.
Although all internships are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students
to receive college credit. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to josie.hammon@mail.house.gov No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-416-19

The Democratic Staff on the House Education and Labor Committee seeks a
health care intern/fellow. This position will work on the health team. Candidates
should have familiarity with health policy, including the Affordable Care Act.
Knowledge of other statutes and policies within the Committee’s jurisdiction and
how they impact health and human services policy is preferred. Prior Hill
experience or policy experience is also preferred.
Tasks will include supporting the development of legislation regarding health
policy, conducting issue and legislative research, and preparing written materials
and legislative analyses. Applicants should be available to start in September
2019 and commit through December 2019.
To apply, applicants must submit the internship applicant information form
(https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships/form), a resume and a short writing
sample. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates
of diverse backgrounds to apply. Please email resume and writing sample to
E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov with "Health Policy Intern/Fellow" in
the subject line.

MEM-415-19

The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking Fall 2019 interns for our
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones,
managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting
legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work
well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have
excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are
preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are
encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.

Page 6 of 10

Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall Intern” in the subject line. No phone calls
or walk-ins please.
MEM-413-19

Southern Democratic Member of Congress seeks both full-time and part-time
interns for Fall 2019 in the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include
answering phones, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings, running errands, and drafting constituent
correspondence. Applicants should have excellent written and verbal
communication skills, and work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment.
No drop-ins or phone calls.
Please email nchousejobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Fall 2019 Internship Application” and attach a resume, writing sample, and include
information regarding your full-time or part-time availability. The office is an
equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.

MEM-411-19

“Congressman Jodey Arrington (TX-19) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office in September or October for a 3-4 month
internship. Candidates should be motivated, professional, quick learners, and
phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close
attention to detail are important. Duties include assisting staff with legislative,
administrative, and press related projects, attending hearings and meetings,
answering constituent phone calls, and leading tours of the US Capitol.
Full-time candidates with Texas ties are preferred. This is a paid internship.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
marisa.burleson@mail.house.gov”

MEM-410-19

The District Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton is seeking
motivated and hard-working college students for our Fall 2019 internship
program. Interns will gain valuable work experience in a fast-past, community
based congressional office. If you are an undergraduate student who is passionate
about public policy, the District of Columbia and serving its constituents, our
internship program offers a unique opportunity for growth, learning and
community involvement in meaningful work. We are looking for people who are
dependable, professional and enjoy contributing to rewarding public service
work.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral
and written communication skills, responsible, dependable, flexible, and eager to
learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them.
Task include but are not limited to the following: Community engagement, event
planning, flyer distribution, data entry, project management and helping maintain
Page 7 of 10

the efficient day-to-day operations of an active community facing Congressional
district office. Interns must be willing to commit to a minimum of 20 hours per
week and available occasionally on some evenings and weekends. Each intern
will receive a stipend.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Norton.Interns@mail.house.gov
For more information on Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, please visit
her website at https://norton.house.gov
MEM-409-19

Congressman Andy Levin (D-MI) is seeking a Digital Media Intern for a
temporary paid position in his Washington, D.C. office. The intern will assist
with the greater communications operation, but will focus on digital media
content creation. Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to social media
content generation, website maintenance, analytics, photography, videography,
media monitoring and staffing the member.
Candidates will have a keen eye for design, a desire to grow and learn in the
political communications space, knowledge of graphic design and video editing, a
positive attitude and a sense of humor.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a
resume, cover letter, a writing sample, graphic design sample and a link to a
video using the subject line “Digital Media Intern” to
MI09.Resumes@gmail.com

MEM-408-19

The Republican staff of the House Committee on Education and Labor is
currently accepting applications for Fall 2019 interns. We are seeking
dependable, politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive
attitude and strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide
vital support by assisting staff in assignments that include but not limited to:
compiling daily Education and Labor news clips, sorting and processing mail,
answering phone calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and
special policy based projects. Full and part-time positions are available.
College students pursuing a Political Science degree, or those interested in
government are strongly encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available
through your school.
Applicants should email their resume to
ELRIntern.Applications@mail.house.gov

MEM-405-19

The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Republican Staff are
actively seeking full-time and part-time fall interns to serve in our Washington,
DC office. Interns will work closely with our Committee staff and gain

Page 8 of 10

experience working on legislative research, press work, and Committee
processes.
Current college students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply.
Students interested in applying should send their resume to Shawn Bloch at
shawn.bloch@mail.house.gov
MEM-404-19

The House Small Business Committee Minority Staff is currently looking for
full-time interns for the Fall 2019 semester (September-December). Interns will
be responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative
support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending
staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research, and other tasks.
This internship is open to undergraduates (juniors and above) and recent
graduates. The office is an equal opportunity employer and minorities, women,
and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is
unpaid.
If you would like to be considered, please submit a one-page resume and cover
letter to housesmallbusinessinternshipr@gmail.com and include “Fall 2019
Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.

MEM-403-19

A senior member serving on the House Financial Services Committee is seeking
a fall semester, financial services intern to assist the Senior Advisor covering the
financial services portfolio. The person in this role will work on substantive
financial services issues ranging from banking, housing, capital markets, fintech,
insurance, monetary policy, etc.
This will not be a typical internship answering phones or giving tours. You will
be attending hearings, monitoring legislation, assisting with industry and
constituent correspondence, auditing briefings, etc. You will gain an in-depth
understanding of working on the Hill and within the Committee. You should
leave this internship with a better understanding of both the financial services
industry as well as current policy that is impacting our the industry.
Ideal candidates must be hard working, have an interest in financial services, and
a willingness to learn. Candidates do not have to have a background in financial
services in order to be considered.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Attend Committee hearings and briefings.
•Conduct legislative and policy research.
•Track and monitor legislation.
•Formulate hearing questions from witness testimony.
•Assist with preparation of hearing, markup, and Floor briefing books.
•Observe House proceedings.
Page 9 of 10

•Acquire an understanding of Committee mechanics.
•Prepare memoranda on meetings, hearings, and briefings attended or researched.
•Collect signatures from Member offices for letters, dissenting views, etc.
•Attend Congressional Research Training seminars.
Please contact Ashely.gunn@mail.house.gov if interested”

Page 10 of 10

