________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 9, 2020

MEM-107-20

Seeking paid full-time and part-time interns in Rep. Drew Ferguson’s (GA-03)
Washington, D.C. congressional office to start immediately. Intern
responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run errands,
research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and
briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office. Generally, the office hours run from 8:30 a.m.
to 5:30 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in
session.” Applicants may send resumes to robert.redding@mail.house.gov

MEM-104-20

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Mike Johnson (LA-04) is seeking
candidates for full-time and part-time internships for Spring 2020. Interns will
have the opportunity to observe the inner-workings of a Congressional office
while acquiring specific knowledge about the legislative process.
Responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, assisting staff with legislative
projects, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, and working on
special projects. Louisiana ties are preferred but are not required.
Page 1 of 16

In order to apply, please visit our website:
https://mikejohnson.house.gov/services/internships
MEM-103-20

The Office of Congresswoman Madeleine Dean (PA-04) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for press internships in Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: designing graphics, drafting social
media content, editing short video clips, and working closely with the
Communications staff. Additional duties include: answering and screening
telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors,
leading Capitol tours, and other duties as necessary.
Positions are available beginning in May 2020. To apply, please send a resume
and cover letter to pa04applications@gmail.com with the phrase “Press
Internship Application” in the subject line. In your cover letter please indicate
expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is
available for this internship. District ties are preferred but not required.
Deadline to submit applications is March 29th.

MEM-102-20

The Office of Congresswoman Madeleine Dean (PA-04) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington,
DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Answering and screening
telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors,
leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending
congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, tracking media coverage, and other duties
as necessary.
Positions are available beginning in May 2020. To apply, please send a resume
and cover letter to pa04applications@gmail.com with the phrase “ Legislative
Internship Application” in the subject line. In your cover letter please indicate
expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is
available for this internship. District ties are preferred but not required.
Deadline to submit applications is March 29th.

MEM-101-20

The Democratic Majority of the Committee on Rules is seeking a full-time press
intern for the summer (May-August). Opportunities will include compiling daily
press clips, working collaboratively to generate creative and engaging content for
Page 2 of 16

digital platforms, and assisting communications staff with the creation of
additional materials as needed.
Ideal candidate is a politically savvy, detail-oriented, and creative self-starter who
is familiar with graphic and/or video design, with an interest in learning about
House procedure. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to
perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
diverse candidates, those with untraditional backgrounds, women, and LGBTQ
persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send both a resume and brief cover letter with the subject line:
Press Intern Summer 2020 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to
join, in particular, the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to
RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov
MEM-100-20

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic
interns for the summer (May – August). Our interns work closely with
Committee staff to prepare materials for Committee meetings, process incoming
amendments to bills, conduct research projects, answer phones, learn about the
Rules of the House and the special-order process, and complete a variety of other
administrative tasks.
Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work ethic, an interest in
learning about House floor procedures, and are detail-oriented. Applicants must
have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds or with untraditional
experience to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line:
Legislative Intern Summer 2020 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you
want to join the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to
RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov

MEM-099-20

The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting
applications for a full-time legislative intern for the spring-summer 2020 session.
Working closely with Committee staff, legislative interns will have the
opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the legislative process and the inner
workings of a congressional committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced
front office, answering phones, and greeting visitors.

Page 3 of 16

Responsibilities also include assisting staff with hearings/markups, day to day
administrative operations, legislative research projects, and various other tasks as
assigned.
Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and
possess an energetic, team player attitude. Previous Hill experience is preferred
but not required. Note that Committee internships are unpaid positions.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to:
var.internship@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-098-20

The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting
applications for a full-time press internship for the spring 2020 session. Working
closely with Committee communications staff, the press intern will have the
opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of a Committee-wide communications
strategy, the legislative process, and the inner-workings of a congressional
Committee. The press intern will be working in a fast-paced front office,
answering phones, and greeting visitors.
Responsibilities also include assisting communications staff with
hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, compiling press clips,
taking photos, updating press lists, legislative research projects, and various other
tasks as assigned.
Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in communications and issues
affecting veterans, while also possessing an energetic, team player attitude.
Previous Hill experience is preferred but not required. Note that Committee
internships are unpaid positions.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to:
var.internship@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-097-20

The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is
seeking a press fellow to assist with an aggressive and fast-paced
communications operation for Summer 2020. This is not a traditional Hill
internship - applicants must have strong writing, editing, and digital
communication skills.
Ideal candidates are recent graduates or graduate students with prior experience
working on the Hill, creating content, and writing under tight deadlines.
Fellowship is paid and highly competitive. It traditionally runs from midMay/early-June through the end of August. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ
persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Page 4 of 16

Primary Duties:
·Writing press releases
·Drafting daily social media content (i.e. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram)
·Maintaining website
·Designing graphics, video editing
·Compiling daily press clips
·Managing press lists
·Providing research for op-eds and press releases
Please email a resume, cover letter, short writing sample, and 3 digital samples to
ny18pressfellowship@gmail.com with “SUMMER 2020 PRESS
FELLOWSHIP” in the subject line.
MEM-096-20

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a press intern for
the DC office this summer. Qualified applicants have very strong writing and
communication skills, experience with video editing and content creation, a
strong sense of professionalism and a solid work ethic. Spanish speaking
candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: working closely with staff to draft
social media content on a variety of issues and social media platforms, tracking
media coverage, executing daily press clips, and editing the weekly video shoot.
The position is available beginning in April 2020. To apply, send a resume and
cover letter to robert.julien@mail.house.gov and CC
zachary.conti@mail.house.gov with the subject “Summer Press Internship
Application.” In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates,
hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-095-20

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individual for a legislative internship position this
summer in Washington, DC. This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to
gain hands-on office experience while learning about the legislative process.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and a solid work ethic.
English and Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged
to apply.

Page 5 of 16

Responsibilities include but are not limited to: drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative
staff with research, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front
office, participating in hearing preparation, tracking media coverage, and other
duties as necessary.
The position is available beginning in late April or early May 2020. To apply,
send a resume and cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject
“Summer Internship Application.” In your cover letter please indicate expected
start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for
this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-092-20

Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-17) has Summer 2020 openings for full and parttime congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be
motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning in
May, and a preference for those who can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania
ties are a plus but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects
in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and
written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and
availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov

MEM-091-20

Congressman Steve Watkins (R-KS) is seeking a paid intern to start immediately
in his Capitol Hill office. The internship dates and schedule are flexible to
accommodate classes. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee
hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence
process, as well as assist with other constituent services. If interested, you will
also be able to assist with regular press/communications duties.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume to Dylan.Jones@mail.house.gov.
Please specify what your internship schedule may look like, including preferred
start/end dates.

MEM-090-20

The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking a second
or third year graduate or law student as a ‘Labor Policy Intern’ or ‘Labor Policy
Page 6 of 16

Fellow’ for the spring of 2020. Interns and Fellows perform a variety of tasks that
support the staff in our legislative work.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research, legal
research, and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and
speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and
attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of
informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy
proposals.
Applicants should be able to start immediately and commit through May.
Graduates and Fellows should be able to demonstrate study, practical or policy
experience in issues relevant to the Committee. Fellows must be participating in
an established fellowship program.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship
applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov. Please,
also, include two short, relevant writing samples in your application materials.
Applicants may visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships
for more information.
MEM-089-20

Congresswoman Elaine G. Luria (VA-02) member of the House Armed Services
Committee and House Veterans Affairs Committee, where the Congresswoman
serves as Chair of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee,
seeks a paid press intern for her Washington DC office.
Responsibilities may include drafting social media content, monitoring social
media platforms, drafting constituent correspondence and outreach, and assisting
the Communications Team with other tasks as needed. The press intern will
report to and work closely with the Press Assistant and the Communications
Director.
Qualified candidates should be motivated, detail-oriented, a team player, and
possess strong oral and written communication skills. Virginia ties are a plus.
Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please email a single PDF including your cover letter listing your
availability, resume and a 1-2 page writing sample to
VA02DC.Interns@mail.house.gov with “Your Name: VA-02 Summer Press
Internship” in the subject line.
Please no drop-ins or phone calls.

Page 7 of 16

MEM-088-20

Congresswoman Elaine G. Luria (VA-02) member of the House Armed Services
Committee and House Veterans Affairs Committee, where the Congresswoman
serves as Chair of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee,
seeks paid interns for her Washington DC office. Responsibilities may include
answering phones, leading Capitol tours, up-keeping constituent mail and
correspondence, preparing memoranda, attending briefings and hearings, and
assisting staff with legislative projects.
Qualified candidates should be motivated, detail-oriented, a team player,
outgoing, and possess strong oral and written communication skills. Virginia ties
are a plus but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are
encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please email a single PDF including your cover letter listing your
availability, resume and 1-2 page writing sample to
VA02DC.Interns@mail.house.gov with “Your Name: VA-02 Summer
Internship” in the subject line.
Please no drop-ins or phone calls.

MEM-087-20

The Office of Congresswoman Frederica Wilson is seeking full-time and parttime interns for spring and summer 2020.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
greeting constituents, assisting legislative staff, assisting with constituent letters,
and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates will have excellent customer service skills, a strong work
ethic, keen attention to detail, and the ability to navigate an active office.
Qualified candidates will also have strong oral and written communication skills
and be able to work well on a team.
Internships include a stipend and the office will work with current students to
receive college credits. Interested applicants should send in one document their
resume, a brief writing sample, and their expected start and end dates to
Devin.wilcox@mail.house.gov.
Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, age, or any other identifier.

MEM-085-20

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full or part-time congressional
internship in the Washington, D.C. office for remainder of spring and
summer. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos,
assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks.
Page 8 of 16

Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. California
residents or strong ties to San Diego are preferred. Candidates should be prepared
to work a minimum of 10 hours per week.
Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and availability
(start and end dates as well as days per week) to
CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “Last Name, First Name, CA52
Internship” in the subject line.
Our office offers a paid internship to one college student per internship session.
Students applying for the paid internship must meet one of the following criteria:
a) be eligible for the Pell Grant or b) receive financial aid as a student with
disabilities. We accept applications from college sophomores, juniors and seniors
(at the time of applying).
Participation in this program is intended to open opportunities for students who
are seeking a career in public service, but do not have the personal or family
means to participate in an unpaid internship. To prove eligibility for the Pell
Grant/other need-based awards, please have the financial aid department at your
college complete the form at the bottom of this page:
scottpeters.house.gov/services/internships
MEM-083-20

The office of Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro is accepting applications for the
Summer 2020 internship program in the Washington, DC office. Applicants
should have an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, possess excellent
writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Intern responsibilities include supporting legislative and press staff, attending
hearings and briefings, answering constituent phone calls, leading US Capitol
tours, organizing constituent mail, greeting office visitors, and various ad hoc
projects. For application information, please visit
https://delauro.house.gov/services/internships. Please email your completed
application to Harper.White@mail.house.gov
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability or sexual orientation.

MEM-081-20

The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is seeking to fill an immediate
vacancy for a paid undergraduate internship. Interns perform a variety of tasks
that support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may
include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical
writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and
markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups,
briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they
Page 9 of 16

work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping
to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the
production of daily news clips.
Applicants should be able to start immediately and commit through May.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship
applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov and put
‘Spring 2020 Undergraduate’ in the subject line of the email. Please visit our
website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
Interviews will be scheduled on a rolling basis.
The Committee on Education and Labor is a legislative office within the U.S.
House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over a broad array of
child welfare, education and labor policy areas, including early childhood
education, K-12 education, higher education, employer/employee relations,
worker safety, and employer provided health care. Representative Robert C.
“Bobby” Scott (D-VA) serves as Chairman.
MEM-080-20

The Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, Civilian
Security, and Trade is seeking full-time and part-time interns based in
Washington, D.C. Interns will work closely with subcommittee staff while
learning the inner workings of Congress and the legislative process. Successful
candidates will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detail-oriented,
with strong writing and communication skills and an ability to thrive in a fastpaced work environment.
The terms of the Internship will be from April to June 2020 and June to August
2020. Undergraduate or graduate school students and recent alumni interested in
foreign affairs and Western Hemisphere policy are encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, attending
hearings and briefings, providing administrative and research support to staff, and
assisting with subcommittee hearings and events, among other office and
research tasks. Spanish, French or Portuguese proficiency preferred but not
required.
Qualified applicants should send a one-page resume and cover letter to
WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “ Late Spring 2020 Internship
Application” or “Summer 2020 Internship Application.” Minorities, women, and
LGBTQIA+ individuals and those with disabilities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Please be sure to include your preferred start and end date. Late spring
candidates should apply immediately and summer candidates can submit
application by March 31st.
No calls or drop-ins.

Page 10 of 16

MEM-078-20

A senior member serving on the House Financial Services Committee is seeking
a summer semester, financial services intern to assist the Senior Advisor
covering the financial services portfolio.
The person in this role will work on substantive financial services issues ranging
from banking, housing, capital markets, fintech, insurance, monetary policy, etc.
This will not be a typical internship answering phones or giving tours. You will
be attending hearings, monitoring legislation, assisting with industry and
constituent correspondence, auditing briefings, etc.
You will gain an in-depth understanding of working on the Hill and will have
valuable exposure to the Financial Services Committee and network. You should
leave this internship with a better understanding of both the financial services
industry as well as current policy that is impacting the industry.
Ideal candidates must be hard working, have an interest in financial services, and
a willingness to learn. You also must be able to work full-time. Candidates do not
have to have a background in financial services in order to be considered.
This is a paid internship.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Attend Committee hearings and briefings.
•Conduct legislative and policy research.
•Track and monitor legislation.
•Formulate hearing questions from witness testimony.
•Assist with preparation of hearing, markup, and Floor briefing books.
•Observe House proceedings.
•Acquire an understanding of Committee mechanics.
•Prepare memoranda on meetings, hearings, and briefings attended or researched.
•Collect signatures from Member offices for letters, dissenting views, etc.
•Attend Congressional Research Training seminars.
To apply, please send a resume to Ashley.Gunn@mail.house.gov

MEM-077-20

Congresswoman Lauren Underwood (IL-14) is delighted to announce 2020
summer internship opportunities in her Washington, DC and West Chicago, IL
offices.
Internships are designed to offer students and recent graduates direct participation
in public service through supporting our offices' constituent engagement and
services, administrative responsibilities, and research.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, assist
with correspondence, coordinate and conduct tours, research legislation, assist
with constituent casework, and attend hearings and briefings on various issues.
Page 11 of 16

Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, flexible, and possess the ability
to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Summer internships are available from May until August, with start and end dates
tailored to accommodate an academic calendar year. Internship hours run from
9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. on weekdays. Please note that interns are expected to work
a minimum of 20 hours per week. A limited number of paid positions are
available for internship applicants who are not sponsored by outside
organizations.
The deadline to apply, for the summer semester is March 20, 2020. Preference
will be given to applicants with ties to the Illinois 14th.
To learn more and apply, please click here.
(https://underwood.house.gov/services/internships/internship-form)
For questions about internships please call our office (202) 225-2976.
MEM-075-20

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-21) D.C. office seeks interns for the
upcoming Summer 2020 semester. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of
professionalism and maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a team player
with a positive attitude. This position demands the ability to multi-task, strong
organizational skills and must work cooperatively and courteously with others in
a shared space.
Duties include: answering telephone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol,
assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing assistance to the D.C.
staff. Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South
Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested
applicants should submit a resume and cover letter. Cover letter should detail
reasons for applying to the position. Please indicated which session is preferredSession A (May 11-June 19) or Session B (June 22- July 31).
Deadline to apply by is March 2nd, 2020 COB. All materials must be submitted
to Acree.Trivett@mail.house.gov

MEM-071-20

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
Summer Interns for the Washington, D.C. office starting in May/June. Interns in
our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable
career and educational experience.
Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending policy
briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, producing
daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members on various
projects of interest.

Page 12 of 16

Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! Candidates
of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2020 Summer Pocan Internship” in the
subject line. For further information regarding the internship program, please see
the internship page on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/
Deadline to apply: March 15, 2020
We also highly encourage every applicant to apply to our scholarship program
after submitting an application. The application can be found here:
https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program
MEM-070-20

The Office of Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez is currently accepting
applications for a full-time legislative internship. The internship is paid and
offers metro reimbursement.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention
to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of
humor. Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors,
answering phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and
constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks.
Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to
DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Internship” in the
subject line.
The application deadline is Friday, April 17th.

MEM-069-20

The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking a highly motivated,
proactive Summer Press Intern with strong writing and organizational skills. The
internship is paid and offers metro reimbursement.
Duties include assisting the Chief of Staff and Press Secretary with day-to-day
operations – including but not limited to: creating daily social media and video
content, tracking press clips and traffic on social media, and drafting press
releases, op-eds, newsletters and video scripts.

Page 13 of 16

Responsibilities may include creating, drafting and posting content on all
platforms and growing the Congresswoman’s e-newsletter program and updating
the website. Ideal candidates are politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative
self-starters familiar with social media and digital trends.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter with their availability,
and three digital or writing samples in a single PDF to
DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Press Internship” in
the subject line. The application deadline is Friday, April 17th.
MEM-068-20

The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking a highly motivated,
proactive Spring Press Intern with strong writing and organizational skills. The
position will be filled on a rolling basis, and offers a stipend and metro
reimbursement.
Duties include assisting the Chief of Staff and Press Secretary with day-to-day
operations – including but not limited to: creating daily social media and video
content, tracking press clips and traffic on social media, and drafting press
releases, op-eds, newsletters and video scripts.
Responsibilities may include creating, drafting and posting content on all
platforms and growing the Congresswoman’s e-newsletter program and updating
the website. Ideal candidates are politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative
self-starters familiar with social media and digital trends.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter with their availability,
and three digital or writing samples in a single PDF to
DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Spring Press Internship” in
the subject line.

MEM-067-20

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Summer of 2020. Qualified applicants should
possess strong communication skills, be interested in learning about the
legislative process, and have a willingness to work in our fast-paced office.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional
tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
intern.OH06@gmail.com

MEM-065-20

The Office of Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez is currently accepting
applications for a full-time paid internship. Ideal candidates should possess
excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in
a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor.
Page 14 of 16

Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering
phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and
constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks.
Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to
DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Internship” in the
subject line.
The application deadline is Friday, April 17th, 2020.
MEM-050-20

The Office of U.S. Representative Grace Meng is accepting intern applications
for Summer 2020. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course
schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session,
and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
In Washington, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer
phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff,
attend hearings and briefings and draft constituent letters on various issues before
the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many
other functions of a congressional office.
Interested candidates should email NY06_Intern_App@mail.house.gov a cover
letter, resume, a 1-2 page writing sample, and three references.

MEM-041-20

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time summer 2020 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives.
Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings
(hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phones, and providing
support to all Committee staff.
Page 15 of 16

To apply, please visit : https://republicans cha.house.gov/about/internshipapplication and submit your application by March 13th.

Page 16 of 16

