________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 10, 2023

MEM-212-23

Summer Press Intern – Office of Congressman Eric Swalwell (CA-14)
The Office of Rep. Eric Swalwell (CA-14) seeks a press intern for the upcoming
Summer 2023 term from May to August. Interns are eligible for a stipend. The
ideal candidate will have strong written and oral communication skills,
familiarity with graphic design including Canva and Adobe creative suite, and
relevant internship experience related to communications, government, or
campaigns.
Duties include assisting with editing video clips, creating digital content,
developing social media content and helping the team with a variety of projects
as needed throughout the week. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fastpast environments, and a willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
Hours are flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules; generally, a fulltime fellowship would run from 9:00AM to 5:00PM ET. at least three days a
week.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. To apply please email
resume, cover letter, and two examples of previous digital media or graphic
design products to Cassie.Baloue@mail.house.gov with “Press intern” in the
subject line.
Page 1 of 11

MEM-205-23

House Natural Resources Committee (Committee) Democrats seek full-time
interns for Summer 2023 (May - July).
Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we
seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
eager to learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research,
prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aide
communications.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the
needs and concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and
orientations. Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and
social inequality in the U.S. and has a passion for working to dismantle these
systems.
Primary responsibilities include:
•Assist with administrative duties
•Assist with legislative and policy projects
•Research legislation, regulations, and public law
•Assist with communications and outreach
•Respond to requests for information
•Attend briefings/meetings/hearings on behalf of the staff
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work inoffice when Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a
monthly stipend of $3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.
To apply, address your application materials to Professional Staff, Qay-liwh
Ammon, at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “HNRC
Summer Internship Application – First Name Last Name” by COB Friday, April
14, 2023. Include a cover letter, résumé, a short writing sample, and your
availability during the Summer Internship timeframe (May – July).
Due to the volume of applications, we will only be reaching out to candidates
who are being actively considered for this position.
Page 2 of 11

MEM-204-23

SUMMARY:
The Office of Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley (MA-07) seeks a highly
motivated Communications Intern to support the Congresswoman’s district
office from May – September. The Communications Intern supports the office’s
fast-paced and dynamic communications operation, including content capturing,
photographing and livestreaming events, and media monitoring. This position
also assists with various administrative duties at the request of the
Congresswoman, the District Director, and Deputy District Director.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Support implementation of digital communications for the Congresswoman;
• Support maintenance of digital and photo archives;
• Capture photos and film videos to use on social media and public facing
platforms for community events;
• Support with logistics for town halls, press conferences, and other public-facing
engagements, both virtual and in-person;
• Support on administrative functions of the office such as constituent calls,
casework and data entry.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Our office prioritizes building a diverse team committed to advocating for the
residents of the Massachusetts 7th. Experience with digital, graphic design, press,
organizing, or advocacy experience is strongly recommended. As a practice as an
office, we do not require any pre-requisite degrees. Ties to Massachusetts
preferred, but not required.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong communications skills, including writing, editing, and proofreading;
•Experience creating content for social media platforms (Instagram, TikTok,
Twitter);
•Experience with photography and/or videography;
•Experience in customer service or advocacy/organizing;
•A commitment to the inclusive and progressive values of the office;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•20 hours weekly, divided between the Boston District Office and community
events in the MA 7th.
•Intern must be able to travel within Massachusetts 25% of the time
•Noise levels in the office are usually moderate
•Ability to work in small a workstation without an expectation of privacy.
•Proof of COVID 19 vaccine & booster is required prior to start date.
• This role is based in Boston, MA in the Congresswoman’s District office.
COMPENSATION & QUALIFICATIONS:
Our office is committed to building a team with diverse lived and professional
Page 3 of 11

experience that well equips our team to serve the Massachusetts 7th. Candidates
are encouraged to apply and describe in their cover letter how their experience
translates to the needs of the office and the role. Ties to the MA 7th are
considered but not required. Intern candidates must be at least 18 years old.
While we are happy to sponsor course credit when available, enrollment in a
higher education institution is not required. All internships in our office come
with a stipend of $18/hour, paid at the close of each month.
Program runs mid-May to early September. Schedule can be negotiated to
accommodate school commitments if relevant.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please send a cover letter, resume, 3 references and digital/communications
portfolio (optional) to intern.pressley@mail.house.gov, subject line
“Communications Internship Boston Summer 2023” no later than May 1st
2023..Please do not call or stop into the office. If you have any questions or
would like to submit a recommendation for a candidate, please email.
MEM-190-23

Congressman Dan Goldman offers internships in both his Washington D.C. and
District Offices in Manhattan and Brooklyn.
To apply, please submit your resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample as
one PDF at https://goldman.house.gov/services/internships
We are proudly an office that is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, military status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Special consideration will be given to candidates with ties to NY-10 and those
who speak a second language so please include this information in your cover
letter.
Summer Priority Application Deadline: Monday, April 3rd at 5pm. Applications
will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Intern responsibilities may include but are not limited to:
•Answering phones
•Batching emails and drafting responses to constituents
•Assisting staff with events
•Researching legislation and legislative ideas
•Giving Capitol Tours if in DC
•Assisting with resolving constituent issues with federal agencies (casework) in
NYC
•Attending briefings and hearings for staff and drafting memos about them
Applicant Requirements
•Effective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
Page 4 of 11

members and leaders in the office
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
•Attention to detail
•Willingness to learn new skills and tasks and be flexible in supporting Member
and all staff in various roles.
Additionally, Interns and Law Clerks, depending on their location and
specialization will assist with casework/constituent services, press or legislative
assignments where needed.
MEM-188-23

DC Office – Summer Internships
The DC office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently
accepting applicants for paid and unpaid summer internships (June - August
2023). The DC office offers two types of internships:
Legislative Internships
Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff by preparing briefing notes and
memos, researching legislation, tracking legislative activity, providing mail
program support, answering phones, inputting casework inquiries, attending
hearings, and advancing the Congresswoman’s legislative agenda.
Press Internships
Press Interns assist the communications staff by compiling clips, drafting social
media posts and press releases, creating digital content, and aiding the
Congresswoman’s communications efforts. Experience working in
communications is a plus.
-Ideal candidates for these internships possess strong communication skills, an
excellent attention to detail, an ability to succeed in a fast-paced workplace, and a
good sense of humor. Ties to Washington State are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF document
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Summer Internship-[LAST NAME]” in
the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship you are
applying for.
The deadline for applications is Tuesday, April 18, 2023, at 5 PM PT, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are
incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity,
Page 5 of 11

national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information,
age, military service, or another non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants and
individuals in underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no
unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-186-23

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Spring 2023 session. This internship would start
immediately and last until early May 2023.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge of the
day-to-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled in
an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an ideal
fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government – however,
any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the legislative
staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping
with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. This will be an in-person
internship. Interested candidates should apply through our
website https://gregmurphy.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-178-23

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks
interns for the upcoming Summer 2023 term.
Responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings, drafting and editing
constituent correspondence letters and memos, conducting research for the
legislative staff, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing
support for the day-to-day activities of the office. Our interns have the
opportunity to work either in person or virtually, but preference will be given to
applicants who can commit to working in person. Interns are paid via a monthly
stipend.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal-opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and one short writing
sample to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should

Page 6 of 11

indicate their availability for Monday-Friday. The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM
ET on Friday, April 21st, 2023.
MEM-174-23

The Office of Congresswoman Laurel Lee (FL-15) is currently seeking
candidates for a paid Spring 2023 internship in her Washington D.C. office.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering and logging
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, drafting constituent letters,
performing legislative research, leading Capitol tours, and assisting with
communications tasks. The internship provides a valuable opportunity to
contribute to the daily operations of a congressional office and gain first-hand
experience with the legislative process.
Ideal candidates will be team-players who have a strong work ethic, quality
written and verbal communication skills, possess a positive attitude and a
commitment to exceptional constituent service. Florida ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested candidates should submit their cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Hannah.So@mail.house.gov.

MEM-172-23

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking an enthusiastic, highly
motivated press/digital intern to work in person in the Washington, DC office for
the summer 2023 session.
Press/Digital Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day
operations of our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities
to assist our communications staff. This includes, but is not limited to attending
press conferences, compiling press clips, drafting social media posts, drafting
press releases, talking points and other written materials, answering phones, and
sorting mail.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual and have strong writing and editing
skills. A working knowledge of digital content creation products (Adobe Creative
Suite, Canva, or equivalent products) is a plus. Preferred applicants have District
ties, though not required. This is a full time position that offers a monthly stipend.
Please submit your application with a one-page writing sample and graphic
design sample (if applicable) to meeks.house.gov no later than Friday April 14th
at 5 PM.

MEM-171-23

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking an enthusiastic highly
motivated legislative intern to work in person in the Washington, DC office for
the summer 2023 session.

Page 7 of 11

Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day operations of
our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
legislative and communications staff. This includes attending congressional
hearings, writing memos, administrative tasks, answering phones, sorting mail,
and assisting staff.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and
editing skills. Preferred applicants have District ties, though not required. This is
a full-time position that offers a monthly stipend.
Please submit your resume, cover letter, up to 2-page writing sample
to meeks.house.gov, no later than Friday April 14th at 5 PM.
MEM-166-23

Rep. Frost Internship
In the Washington, D.C. and district offices, internships run throughout the fall,
spring or summer semesters for college students. Students gain invaluable
educational experience from working in Congress. The hours can be flexible to
accommodate students' course schedules, but generally run 9:30 am to 4:30 pm, 5
days a week.
In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will vary. They may be asked to
answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process
and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Undergraduate students, recent college graduates and district ties preferred.
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should apply via https://frost.house.gov/services/internships
Cover letters should detail reasons for applying to the position. A stipend will be
given to accepted applicants. Deadline to apply is April 15, 2023.

MEM-144-23

Congresswoman Brittany Pettersen’s Washington DC and District offices are
seeking paid congressional interns for Summer 2023. The internship is in-person
and will run from late May to August. Dates are flexible. This internship is open
to undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
This internship provides students a firsthand understanding of the functions of a
congressional office and the legislative process. Intern responsibilities vary but
include answering phones, sorting mail, researching legislation for the Member
and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, giving tours of the Capitol
building, and drafting press releases and constituent letters on various issues.
Additionally, the office encourages and will facilitate networking opportunities
for interns and staff members.
Page 8 of 11

Internship hours are flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules, but
generally run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. EST in the DC office, and 9:00 a.m. to
6:00 p.m. MT in the District office. Applicants must be able to commit to
working at least 20 hours a week. Applicants with Colorado ties are prioritized.
Internships are eligible for a paid monthly stipend.
To apply for the DC position, please send an email with your resume, cover letter
and writing sample to Hannah.illathu@mail.house.gov with “[Your Last Name]
Summer 2023 DC Internship” in the subject line. For the district position, please
send an email with your resume, cover letter and writing sample
to David.clark@mail.house.gov with “[Your Last Name] Summer 2023 District
Internship” in the subject line. Please include dates of availability in your
submission.
If submitted after April 15th, applications will only be considered on a rolling
basis.
MEM-143-23

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for Summer 2023.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, (including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample) to https://cartwright.house.gov/services/internships.htm. No phone calls
or drop-ins please.

MEM-133-23

Summer 2023 Internship Position:
The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (DC-00) is seeking to
hire a motivated, detail-oriented, current college undergrad student, graduate
student, or recent graduate wishing to gain constituent-oriented internship
experience in the DC District Office.
District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, conducting research,
assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the
Page 9 of 11

District Director. As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions
of our impactful District office.
The term of this internship will be from June 2023---August 11th, 2023. The
internship is paid full-time internship, interns must work at least 30 hours a week,
and will be provided a travel stipend. Typical hours for internships are Monday
through Thursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm, although hours may be flexible to
accommodate students' hectic course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at
least one reference to norton.casework@mail.house.gov.
The deadline to apply is 9:00 am EST, Tuesday, April 11th. District ties are
encouraged but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
MEM-054-23

Summer Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Summer 2022. The internship is in-person and will run
from late May to early August. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Summer 2022 Internship” to Jerome.Vainisi1@mail.house.gov, or by
applying through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships

MEM-597-22

House Democrat seeks a paid Legislative Fellow to assist senior legislative staff
with a wide variety of legislative topics and tasks. The Legislative Fellow will
gain experience in preparing for committee hearings and markups; developing
and advancing legislation; drafting speeches; and meeting with constituents and
other stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will possess superb written and oral communication skills;
have some policy experience; and will enjoy collaborating with others in a fastpaced environment.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Page 10 of 11

Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to housedemjobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Fellow” in the subject line.

Page 11 of 11

