________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 19, 2019

MEM-406-19

The Republican staff of the House Committee on the Budget is currently
accepting applications for Fall 2019 interns. We are seeking dependable,
politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude and
strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital
support by assisting staff in assignments that include but not limited to: compiling
daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available.
College students pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those
interested in government are strongly encouraged to apply. Course credit may be
available through your school. The deadline to apply is August 30, 2019.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, one page writing sample and
completed application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov. Please visit
republicans-budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and
incomplete application packets will not be considered. Paid internships may be
available to any student working full-time and not receiving course credit.
Page 1 of 15

MEM-405-19

The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Republican Staff are
actively seeking full-time and part-time fall interns to serve in our Washington,
DC office. Interns will work closely with our Committee staff and gain
experience working on legislative research, press work, and Committee
processes.
Current college students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply.
Students interested in applying should send their resume to Shawn Bloch at
shawn.bloch@mail.house.gov

MEM-404-19

The House Small Business Committee Minority Staff is currently looking for
full-time interns for the Fall 2019 semester (September-December). Interns will
be responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative
support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending
staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research, and other tasks.
This internship is open to undergraduates (juniors and above) and recent
graduates. The office is an equal opportunity employer and minorities, women,
and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is
unpaid.
If you would like to be considered, please submit a one-page resume and cover
letter to housesmallbusinessinternshipr@gmail.com and include “Fall 2019
Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.

MEM-403-19

A senior member serving on the House Financial Services Committee is seeking
a fall semester, financial services intern to assist the Senior Advisor covering the
financial services portfolio. The person in this role will work on substantive
financial services issues ranging from banking, housing, capital markets, fintech,
insurance, monetary policy, etc.
This will not be a typical internship answering phones or giving tours. You will
be attending hearings, monitoring legislation, assisting with industry and
constituent correspondence, auditing briefings, etc. You will gain an in-depth
understanding of working on the Hill and within the Committee. You should
leave this internship with a better understanding of both the financial services
industry as well as current policy that is impacting our the industry.
Ideal candidates must be hard working, have an interest in financial services, and
a willingness to learn. Candidates do not have to have a background in financial
services in order to be considered.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Attend Committee hearings and briefings.
•Conduct legislative and policy research.
•Track and monitor legislation.
Page 2 of 15

•Formulate hearing questions from witness testimony.
•Assist with preparation of hearing, markup, and Floor briefing books.
•Observe House proceedings.
•Acquire an understanding of Committee mechanics.
•Prepare memoranda on meetings, hearings, and briefings attended or researched.
•Collect signatures from Member offices for letters, dissenting views, etc.
•Attend Congressional Research Training seminars.
Please contact Ashely.gunn@mail.house.gov if interested”
MEM-396-19

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Fall 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties
are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
To apply, email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample,
and cover letter listing your availability to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-393-19

Congressman Paul Cook (CA-08) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his
Washington, DC office in September or October for a 3-4 month internship.
Candidates should be motivated, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal
team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are important.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings,
answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, and sorting and distributing mail.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are preferred. This is a paid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and
dates of availability to anna.dove@mail.house.gov

MEM-392-19

Congressman Anthony G. Brown (MD-04) is currently accepting applications for
both paid and unpaid interns in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall
semester. Interns will have the opportunity to learn about the legislative process
first hand and gain invaluable experience working on Capitol Hill.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, conducting research on bills and
various issue areas, attending briefings, drafting correspondence and memos,
working with House Intranet Quorum (IQ) system, and assisting congressional
staff with assignments.
Applicants are required to have U.S. citizenship or a valid work permit. To be
considered for the paid position, interns must be a recent graduate or current
graduate student, possess a strong interest in defense and military issues, and able
Page 3 of 15

to commit to three months of 30-40 hours per week. Paid interns will receive a
$1,600 monthly stipend plus metro/transit benefits. Unpaid interns must be able
to work at least three days a week.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and two references to
raelea.taylor@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2019 Internship” in the subject line by
August 30th.
MEM-391-19

Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere,
Civilian Security, and Trade is seeking a full- or part-time intern based in
Washington, D.C. This intern will work closely with subcommittee staff while
learning the inner workings of Congress and the legislative process.
Successful candidates will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detailoriented, with strong writing and communication skills and an ability to thrive in
a fast-paced work environment. Undergraduate or graduate school students and
recent alumni interested in foreign affairs and Western Hemisphere policy are
encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, attending
hearings and briefings, providing administrative and research support to staff, and
assisting with subcommittee hearings and events, among other office and
research tasks. Spanish proficiency preferred but not required.
Qualified candidates should send resume and cover letter to
WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Fall Intern.” No calls or drop-ins.

MEM-389-19

The Office of Congressman Anthony Brindisi (NY-22) is currently seeking
candidates for a full-time paid internship for the Fall 2019 Semester in our
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting
legislative research and projects, attending briefings/hearings, leading Capitol
tours, and managing the front office.
New York ties are preferred but not required. To apply, please send a resume,
cover letter, and writing sample to Kevin.Porter@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Fall Internship Application”.

MEM-388-19

The House Democratic Caucus Office is seeking motivated, detail-oriented
interns to work in a fast-paced leadership office. Interns will be primarily
responsible for operational tasks such as managing the front office, answering
phones, helping to execute weekly meetings, running the letter folding program
and additional administrative tasks. The program will also include an educational
work component where interns will attend Congressional briefings and hearings,
conduct research and draft internal memos.
Page 4 of 15

The term of the Internship will be from early September through late December
2019. Ideal applicants will have a professional and positive attitude, proficiency
with Excel, a demonstrated knowledge of the House Democratic Caucus and a
passion for politics and the legislative process. Event management experience is a
plus.
Qualified applicants should send resume, cover letter and three references to
caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov. Women, minorities, LGBTQIA+
individuals and those with disabilities are encouraged to apply. No drop-ins or
calls please.
MEM-387-19

The Office of Congressman Doug Lamborn (CO-05) is currently seeking
candidates for a paid internship for the 2019 Fall semester in our Washington
D.C. office.
Interns will assist the legislative staff by conducting research, answering phones,
leading tours, and helping with administrative tasks. Interns will also greet
constituents and should be team-oriented and have strong communication skills.
This is a paid internship that provides a truly unique experience to gain
experience in a fast-paced office on Capitol Hill. Qualified candidates should
submit a resume and cover letter to Wesley.Harkins@mail.house.gov with the
subject line saying “Fall Internship”. Colorado ties not necessary but preferred.

MEM-386-19

A House committee minority office is looking for motivated, detail-oriented, and
energetic individuals for internships in Washington, D.C. Qualified applicants
should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks,
possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Duties include:
researching legislation for legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings,
keeping track of relevant news, and performing administrative duties.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to adele.borne@mail.house.gov
with the phrase “Fall 2019 Internship Application” in the subject line. Please
indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to work in your
cover letter.

MEM-383-19

The Office of Congressman Glenn “GT” Thompson (PA-15) is accepting
applications for 2019 fall interns in his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants
should be self-motivated and detail-oriented, as well as be able to successfully
multitask in a fast-paced, professional environment. Duties include, but are not
limited to: data entry, attending briefings, assisting with legislative research, and
providing aid to staff-members with various projects.
A qualified candidate will have strong oral and written communication skills.
Pennsylvania ties are preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should
Page 5 of 15

submit their resume and cover letter to danny.reeves@mail.house.gov with “Fall
2019 Internship” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls or walk-ins.
This position is paid.
Contact: Danny.reeves@mail.house.gov
MEM-377-19

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office in early September. Candidates should be
collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral
and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings,
answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are preferred. This is a paid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and
dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov

MEM-372-19

The Office of Congressman Ted Yoho (FL-3) is currently seeking candidates for
an unpaid internship for the 2019 Fall semester in our Washington D.C. office.
Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable, and hold strong
communication skills. Primary responsibilities include answering phones,
corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, assisting the
legislative staff, attending Congressional hearings, and completing legislative
projects in a timely manner.
Successful candidates will be personable, flexible, detail-oriented, willing to
learn, and proactive. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the
legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. Florida ties are
preferred but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover
letter with the subject line “Fall 2019 Congressional Internship” to Alejandro
Puga at Alejandro.Puga@mail.house.gov
Congressman Yoho sits on the Foreign Affairs Committee and Agriculture
Committee.

MEM-371-19

Congressman Dan Meuser (PA-09) seeks applicants for part-time and full-time
internships for Fall 2019 in his Washington, D.C. office. Interns will assist with
legislative and administrative tasks by conducting research, answering phones,
leading tours, drafting letters, among other tasks. Pennsylvania ties are preferred
but not required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
PA09Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please no drop-ins or phone calls.
Page 6 of 15

MEM-368-19

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for
full-time interns for the Fall 2019 semester. Interns will be responsible for
providing staff members with policy and administrative support. Duties may
include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff briefings,
performing legislative and policy research, drafting memoranda and other written
materials, and a variety of other tasks. Candidates should be team-oriented,
resourceful, upbeat people who have skills beyond research and require little
supervision.
This internship is open to undergraduates (rising seniors and above), recent
graduates, and Master’s and law students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ
persons are strongly encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is
unpaid.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page
resume and cover letter to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “Fall 2019
Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.

MEM-366-19

Congressman Tom Malinowski (NJ-07) seeks a Communications and Digital
Media Fellow. Responsibilities include drafting press releases and speeches;
crafting social media posts; maintaining website and digital platforms; designing
graphics, and compiling daily press clips. Candidates must have strong written
and verbal communication skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
professionalism, and a good sense of humor.
Ideal candidate would be a graduate student or recent graduate with a background
in communications, journalism, public relations, public affairs or political
science.
This position offers a stipend of $500 per month and provides a unique
opportunity to gain experience in a fast-paced Capitol Hill communications
operation. Qualified candidates should submit a resume, writing sample and
social content/graphic design sample to nj.07resumes@gmail.com the subject line
“Communications and Digital Media Fellow”.

MEM-363-19

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek a motivated
and reliable digital intern to fill a full-time position in the fall. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation, website
maintenance, analytics, photography, videography, and performing other press
and administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess skills in
Adobe programs (Photoshop, Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro, Audition, and
After Effects), CMS, CSS, HTML, manual photography, analytics, and an ability
to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Page 7 of 15

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and portfolio to
oversightpress@mail.house.gov
MEM-362-19

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek a detailoriented student or recent graduate with a passion for communications to fill a
full-time press intern position in the fall. The ideal candidate should be a strong
writer, team player, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. This
position reports to the deputy press secretary and broader communications team.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter oversightpress@mail.house.gov

MEM-359-19

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking a Communications Intern for
the Fall Semester. Communications interns assist with a fast-paced
communications operation. Qualified candidates have academic or professional
experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and
excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, event support, social media,
and photography.
Communications intern duties may include:
-Daily press clips
-Answering phones
-Drafting documents for distribution to media
-Messaging & interview prep documents
-Social media content development
-Event photography
-…and more!
Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate New
Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page
writing sample, and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with
“Fall Internship” in the subject field. This position does come with a stipend.

MEM-358-19

The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated,
personable and professional legislative intern for the Fall 2019 session. Tasks
include answering the phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail, addressing
constituent concerns, attending briefings and supporting legislative staff as
needed. Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong
writing skills, who pay close attention to detail.
Successful candidates would spend 25-40 hours per week interning in the DC
office. Maryland ties a plus. A stipend is available.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability to
employment@mail.house.gov. If you have further questions, please call the
Intern Coordinator at (202) 225-4016.

Page 8 of 15

MEM-356-19

Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez was a faithful and tireless advocate of civic
engagement. Marisol herself was afforded a public service internship with thenJudge Sylvia Garcia that led to a lifelong commitment to the ideals of enriching
and empowering all people in her community. Through this fellowship, Marisol
will continue her legacy of service, education and a selfless dedication to the
betterment of her community.
The Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship is a fully funded
fellowship program in Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia’s Washington, DC
office. It is a competitive program awarded to outstanding students or recent
graduates with a demonstrated interest in public service or public policy and
strong ties to the 29th Congressional District of Texas.
The fellow(s) will gain hands-on office experience while learning about the
legislative process. They will work closely with staff conducting research,
drafting letters, and preparing for hearings. Other responsibilities will include
leading Capitol tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the
front office, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.
The position is available beginning in August 2019. To apply, send a resume and
cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Marisol Rodriguez
Congressional Fellowship”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and
end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this
internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-355-19

The Office of Congressman Roger Williams (TX-25) is currently seeking
candidates for a paid internship for the 2019 Fall semester in our Washington
D.C. office. Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable, and hold
strong communication skills. Primary responsibilities include answering phones,
corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, assisting the
legislative staff, attending Congressional hearings, and completing legislative
projects in a timely manner.
Successful candidates will be personable, flexible, detail-oriented, willing to
learn, and proactive. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the
legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. Texas ties are
preferred but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume and cover
Page 9 of 15

letter with the subject line “Fall 2019 Congressional Internship” to Colton Teis at
Colton.Teis@mail.house.gov
MEM-354-19

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or
part-time paid interns for his Washington, D.C. office during the fall semester.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
research. Although all internships are unpaid, we are happy to work with current
students to receive college credit. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to hannah.cooke@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-353-19

The Democratic Majority of the Committee on Rules is seeking a full-time press
intern for the upcoming semester (September-December). Opportunities will
include compiling daily press clips, working collaboratively to generate creative
and engaging content for digital platforms, and assisting communications staff
with the creation of additional materials as needed.
Ideal candidate is a politically savvy, detail-oriented, and creative self-starter who
is familiar with graphic and/or video design, with an interest in learning about
House procedure. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to
perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
diverse candidates, those with untraditional backgrounds, women, and LGBTQ
persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send both a resume and brief cover letter with the subject line:
Rules Press Intern Fall 2019 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want
to join, in particular, the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to
RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov

MEM-352-19

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic
interns for the upcoming semester (September – December). Our interns work
closely with Committee staff to prepare materials for Committee meetings,
process incoming amendments to bills, conduct research projects, answer phones,
learn about the Rules of the House and the special-order process, and complete a
variety of other administrative tasks.
Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work ethic, an interest in
learning about House floor procedures, and are detail-oriented. Applicants must
have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
Page 10 of 15

A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds or with untraditional
experience to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line:
Rules Intern Fall 2019 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to join
the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to
RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov
MEM-351-19

The House Democratic Policy & Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a
press intern to begin in September to support the communications team.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting press materials,
maintaining website and digital platforms, clipping and editing videos, updating
reporter and contact lists, coordinating events, and other administrative duties as
assigned.
Candidates must have strong writing skills, familiarity with digital products and
editing software, and the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to dpcc@mail.house.gov
with the subject line “2019 Summer DPCC Internship.”

MEM-350-19

NY Democrat seeks a highly motivated Press Fellow to help their
communications team execute their press and social media strategy.
Responsibilities include writing talking points and speeches, maintaining media
lists, drafting letters and correspondence, writing press releases and statements,
media monitoring, compiling daily press clips, and assisting the Communications
team in drafting prep materials and other written products. Candidates must
possess strong writing and time management skills.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and 3 writing samples to
ResumeNY@mail.house.gov “Press Fellow” in the subject line.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of all
employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual
orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected
by law.

MEM-349-19

NY Democrat seeks a highly motivated Digital Media Fellow to join its fastpaced Washington D.C. communications operation. Primary responsibilities will
include taking photos, filming and live streaming events, drafting and creating
social media content, aiding in the design of mailers, and producing high-quality
online graphics and videos. A qualified candidate will be interested in digital
press strategy, be ready to work in a fast-paced environment, and will take
Page 11 of 15

initiative. Past experience in communications or digital roles is preferred.
Experience in filming and editing is required. New York ties are a plus.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and 3 samples of video editing or graphic
design to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov with “Digital Media Fellow” in the
subject line.
We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal treatment of all
employees without regard to race, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual
orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or other basis protected
by law.
MEM-348-19

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a paid press
intern for the DC office this fall. Qualified applicants have very strong writing
and communication skills, experience with video editing and content creation, a
strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Spanish
speaking candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: working closely with staff to draft
social media content on a variety of issues and social media platforms, tracking
media coverage, executing daily press clips, and editing the weekly video shoot.
The position is available beginning in August 2019. To apply, send a resume and
cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Press
Internship Application”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and
end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this
internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-347-19

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individual for a paid internship position this fall in
Washington, DC. This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to gain handson office experience while learning about the legislative process. Qualified
applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work
ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative
staff with research, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front
office, participating in hearing preparation, tracking media coverage, and other
duties as necessary.
Page 12 of 15

The position is available beginning in August 2019. To apply, send a resume and
cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Internship
Application”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates,
hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-345-19

Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger seeks a driven, detail-oriented, hardworking,
and engaged individual to join her DC staff for a fall semester internship.
Elected in 2018, Spanberger is the first woman to represent Virginia’s 7th district
and the first democrat in 50 years. Her dynamic team is working to improve the
lives of 7th district constituents and communities.
Essential duties and responsibilities include assisting the front office staff with
answering constituent phone calls, sorting and batching mail, drafting
correspondence, addressing concerns of constituents, working with the legislative
team to conduct research on issue areas, collaborating with the Communications
department to track, organize, and manage social media accounts, and giving
staff-led tours throughout the Capitol.
Knowledge, skills, and abilities include: Responsible, reliable, punctual;
knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs; ability to problem solve,
think quickly, and adapt; and handle sensitive information.
Please visit https://spanberger.house.gov/contact/student-internships.htm for
additional information and instructions on how to apply.

MEM-341-19

Midwest Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional
organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in the
Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent
constituent service.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting constituents and
meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls and taking
messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general office
administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and work well
in a team environment.
Requirements: Please e-mail resume and cover letter to
NE.01@mail.house.gov with "Fall Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-340-19

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking a full or part-time
press intern to assist a fast-paced press team in Washington D.C. Intern duties
Page 13 of 15

include drafting press releases and advisories, drafting digital content, sorting
press clips, and assisting the press team with a variety of projects as needed. The
ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills and is passionate about public
service. Adobe Premiere, Photoshop, and Illustrator skills a plus.
Preference will be given to candidates who have completed their first year of
college, who have Pennsylvania ties, and who are majoring in Communications,
Journalism, Public Relations, English, Government or other related fields. At the
top of your cover letter, please indicate that you are specifically interested in the
press internship. Please be advised that though this is a press-focused internship,
regular intern duties will also be assigned.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date
and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com
MEM-339-19

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) has Fall 2019 openings for
full and part-time congressional interns for her Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with
availability beginning immediately, and a preference will be given for those who
can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania ties are a plus but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects
in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and
written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly
encouraged to apply.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date
and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com

MEM-338-19

The DC office of Congressman Scott DesJarlais (TN-04) is looking for fall
interns, mid-August through December. The responsibilities will vary. Interns
will be asked to answer phones, conduct Capitol tours, run errands, research
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings and
answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.
The hours generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Interested candidates should e-mail an updated resume and cover letter to
MeKenna.Carman@mail.house.gov

MEM-335-19

Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Fall 2019 in
Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with
various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones,
Page 14 of 15

conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and
performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and
willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college
graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required. To apply,
please email a cover letter and resume to: Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
• performs research
• sorts and distributes mail;
• attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
• performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
• answers the telephones;
• notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
• greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
• performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor

Page 15 of 15

