________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 27, 2017

MEM-062-17

Congresswoman Kathy Castor’s (FL-14) Washington, D.C. office is currently
accepting applications for Full-Time Interns for her Summer 2017 Internship
Program from May through June/July. Interns will work in a fast-paced
Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative
process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to
conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some
Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern
responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone
calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with
administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid. Applicants should be wellorganized, responsible, reliable, and possesses excellent oral and written
communication skills. Florida ties are preferred, but not required. Interested
candidates should email a resume and cover letter to FLdem.resume@gmail.com
with “Summer Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-060-17

The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience
in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates
will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary
Page 1 of 9

responsibilities include answering phones and handling mail as well as assisting
with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist with investigative
research or other projects as needed. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.
To apply please send your cover letter, resume and 1-2 page writing sample to
oversight.democrats@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Internship.”
MEM-059-17

Democratic Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks current college
students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for summer
2017 internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern duties include answering
phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail and faxes,
leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and other
responsibilities as needed. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral and
written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to work on
a variety of tasks. Preference given to interns with full-time availability, but those
seeking part-time internships will be considered. Pennsylvania ties a plus but not
required. Internship positions are unpaid. To apply, please email cover letter,
resume, and a brief writing sample (no more than two pages) to Zach Rosen at
Zach.Rosen@mail.house.gov. Please include availability in your cover letter.

MEM-057-17

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer for 2017.
Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and
professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and
members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases,
monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and
serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is
flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with
LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a
fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with
“Communications Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate
dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.

MEM-056-17

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
legislative intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer of 2017. Ideal
candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong work ethic and
writing skills. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent
correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid
and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is
flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with
LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fastPage 2 of 9

paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with
“Legislative Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of
availability.
No phone calls, please.
MEM-055-17

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks full or part-time spring interns for her
Washington, D.C. office. Interns will work in a fast-paced and fun congressional
office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Additionally, interns will have the
opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
briefings for the legislative staff. The ideal candidates will possess exceptional
written and oral communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well
as a strong interest in public service. Washington state ties are a plus, but are not
required. Interested applicants should send a current resume and cover letter to
Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.

MEM-054-17

Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is currently seeking a full-time intern to
start immediately with a flexible end date. Ideal candidates have excellent writing
and research skills, a positive attitude, and a willingness to complete tasks as
assigned. Intern responsibilities include researching and writing Congressional
correspondence, helping constituents find information and fielding constituent
phone calls. This internship also provides the opportunity to work closely with
staff members and assist in various projects. Washington/West Coast ties are
preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume, cover letter
and two references to: katy.nazaretova@mail.house.gov. Please include “WA-02
Internship” in the subject line. This internship is unpaid but office will assist in
acquiring academic credit for internship.

MEM-052-17

Conservative Florida Republican is currently seeking highly motivated and
organized applicants for a full-time unpaid internship for the 2017 summer
internship program. The internship is scheduled to run from May to August, but
the months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or school
schedule of the applicant. The internship program is open to college students and
recent graduates who are interested in learning more about our country’s
legislative process and the day-to-day operations of a congressional office.
Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred,
but are not required. If interested, please send a resume to
Page 3 of 9

FLConservative@mail.house.gov with "2017 Summer Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
MEM-051-17

Representative Derek Kilmer’s office (WA-06) is looking for Summer interns
who can begin in either early-May or early-July. Washington ties are required and
district ties preferred. To apply please send a resume, cover letter, and list of
references to nwcongressionalinternship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-050-17

Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D), member of the House Energy and
Commerce Committee, is currently hiring interns for his Washington, D.C.
office. Responsibilities include answering phones, sorting mail and faxes, giving
tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
general office support as needed. Intern candidates should be current or recent
college students, regardless of major but with an interest in Congress and the
legislative process. Full time availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are
encouraged to apply as well. To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and
a short writing sample to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or
drop-ins please.

MEM-047-17

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer for 2017.
Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and
professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and
members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases,
monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and
serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is
flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with
LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a
fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with
“Communications Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate
dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.

MEM-046-17

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
legislative intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer of 2017. Ideal
candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong work ethic and
writing skills. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent
correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid
and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is
flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with
LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fastPage 4 of 9

paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with
“Legislative Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of
availability.
No phone calls, please.
MEM-042-17

Active Ranking Democrat of Committee seeks a paid communications intern to
assist with personal office and Committee press operations. Primary
responsibilities will include: compiling and distributing daily news clips; writing
press releases; preparing letters to community and stakeholder groups; drafting
website and social media content; and proof reading other materials. Attention to
detail, strong writing skills, solid political instincts and sense of humor necessary
for success. Position will last six months and pay a monthly stipend of $2,000.
Potential for permanent hiring depending on performance. Please send a resume
and one short writing sample to press.cjo@gmail.com.

MEM-041-17

The Office of Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks a full time, unpaid intern
for part of the Spring Semester (March-May). Responsibilities include, but aren’t
limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing
constituent tours, attending various briefings, and providing research for the
legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong
communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and
have an interest in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and
a cover letter to mark.galay@mail.house.gov.

MEM-040-17

The Washington D.C office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard is currently
seeking a fulltime healthcare policy fellow for the spring. The fellow will be
responsible in assisting with drafting memos on comprehensive policy issues,
drafting legislation and amendments, writing speeches and statements,
performing comprehensive research, and representing the Member in meetings
with constituents and interested parties. Applicants should have excellent written
and verbal communication skills. Graduate level students are welcome to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter to Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov.

MEM-038-17

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking an unpaid press intern to
assist with fast-paced communications operation. Qualified candidates have
academic or professional experience in American politics, can work on extremely
short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, event
planning, social media (esp. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) and photography.
Intern duties may include:
- Daily press clips
- Answering phones
Page 5 of 9

- Drafting documents for distribution to media
- Messaging & interview prep documents
- Pitching to media
- Social media content development
- Event photography
- …and more!
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, writing sample and
dates of availability to noor.teebi@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship” in the
subject field.
MEM-037-17

Midwest Democrat is seeking interns available for an immediate start for the
spring 2017 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the
United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative
research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will
also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information
with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a
team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working
knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American
Government, fiscal issues, education and reproductive rights. Wisconsin ties a
plus.
Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00
pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to
Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov ASAP.

MEM-036-17

Representative Claudia Tenney (NY-22) seeks interns for the Spring Semester.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing
mail, answering telephones, attending hearings and briefings, and any other office
tasks. Ideal candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written
communication skills. College credit is available if necessary. Preference will be
given to New York natives; however, all are encouraged to apply. This internship
is unpaid. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
Joan.Stanton@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship” in the subject line.

Page 6 of 9

MEM-033-17

Mid-Atlantic member seeks a press intern to begin immediately in the
Washington, D.C. office. The role of the press intern is to help support the
Communications Director in day-to-day tasks in the press shop, from special
projects to copy editing to assisting with digital communications. This is an
unpaid internship, but is an excellent opportunity for students seeking academic
credit.
Responsibilities include:
• Research to support office communication and legislative efforts;
• Compile daily clips;
• Draft social media, newsletters and other written communication;
• Manage and update press lists;
• Attend briefings and press events;
• Answer phones and log constituent mail;
• Give Capitol tours and;
• Assist with general office duties.
Requirements and expectations: Ideal candidates must be strong writers, possess
acute attention to detail, have a thorough understanding of all social media and
digital platforms and be able to work quickly and efficiently. Graphic design
skills, relevant course work, and/or experience in media are appreciated.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events, policy subjects
and issues affecting the Mid-Atlantic region. Interested candidates should submit
their resume, cover letter and writing sample to hannah.cooper@mail.house.gov.
The subject line should read “Spring Press Internship Application.” Maryland ties
preferred, but not required. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-032-17

Rep. Jose E. Serrano’s (NY15) Washington, D.C. office is seeking a full- or parttime press intern from February through May/June. The ideal candidate
possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is committed and
diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. Duties include assisting
with daily news clips, compiling news research, drafting media
releases/advisories and social media content, maintaining press contact lists, and
managing web content. This position requires attention to detail, strong writing
ability and grammar skills, creativity and a willingness to learn. Proficiency in the
Microsoft Office, Adobe suites and social media is preferred. A background in
journalism or communications is a plus, but not required. Undergraduate and
graduate students, as well as recent graduates, are encouraged to apply. New
York ties are a plus. This internship is unpaid. Applicants should email a cover
letter, resume, and writing sample to Serrano.Press@mail.house.gov.

MEM-030-17

Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for
his Spring and Summer 2017 internship program in his Washington, D.C. He is
seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated, detail-oriented, and
personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing
Page 7 of 9

abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will
have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the
legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. In the DC office,
responsibilities will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol,
assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and
communication staff on various projects. Although internships are unpaid, the
office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at
their respective college or university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not
required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
Jordan.Garcia@mail.house.gov.
MEM-027-17

Congressman Bob Gibbs (OH-07) is seeking candidates for a full-time, unpaid
internship for the spring term and the summer session in the Washington, D.C.
office. Applicants should be well-organized, responsible, reliable, and possess
excellent oral and written communication skills. In addition, a qualified candidate
will be generally knowledgeable of legislative issues and current events. Duties
will include answering phones, researching legislation, giving Capitol tours,
attending hearings and briefings, and assisting the Member and legislative staff.
Ohio ties are preferred, but not required. Any interested candidate should email
his or her resume to mimi.bair@mail.house.gov.

MEM-024-17

California Democratic Member is currently accepting resumes for the 2017
Winter/Spring internship positions in his Capitol Office. Responsibilities include
corresponding with constituents, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting with
projects including press and legislative research, and administrative duties as
needed. The staff member will have the opportunity to attend briefings and
hearings on the Hill as well as network and learn from senior staff. Candidates
should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written communication skills,
and have an ability to multitask and be flexible in a fast-paced environment.
Multilingual applicants, particularly those speaking Spanish, are encouraged to
apply.
In your cover letter please include your daily availability and both your start and
end dates.
Interested applicants should apply at the following link:
https://vargas.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internshipapplication. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-023-17

Democratic Member of the House seeks an unpaid press intern for their DC
office. The role of the press intern is to support the Press Secretary in day-to-day
tasks in the press shop including special projects, copy editing, assisting with
digital communications. This is an unpaid internship, but it is an excellent
opportunity for students seeking academic credit.
Responsibilities include:
Page 8 of 9

• Research to support office communication and legislative efforts;
• Compile daily clips;
• Draft social media, newsletters and other written communication;
• Manage and update press lists;
• Attend briefings and press events;
• Answer phones and log constituent mail;
• Give Capitol tours and;
• Assist with general office duties.
Requirements and expectations: Ideal candidates must be strong writers, possess
acute attention to detail, have a thorough understanding of all social media and
digital platforms, and be able to work quickly and efficiently. Graphic design
skills, relevant course work, and/or experience in media are appreciated.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events, policy subjects,
and issues affecting North Carolina. If interested, please send a cover letter,
resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and sample graphic you’ve created or link to a
website containing your portfolio via email to nc12internjobs@gmail.com with
“Press Internship” and the semester (spring or summer) as the subject. Absolutely
no phone calls or walk-ins. This office is an equal opportunity employer.
Minorities, LGBT persons and women are encouraged to apply. North Carolina
ties preferred, but not required.

Page 9 of 9

