________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 29, 2022

MEM-454-22

The Republican Staff of the House Committee on the Budget seeks motivated,
reliable, and detail-oriented undergrad students and recent graduates for the Fall
Internship Program.
Intern responsibilities include assisting staff in preparing for congressional
hearings, assisting in performing research, attending Congressional briefings,
answering telephones, and other miscellaneous duties.
The ideal candidate should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and
written communication skills, have a strong appreciation for situational
awareness, be able to multitask, and be adaptable to a fast-paced environment. An
interest in topics relevant to the committee’s jurisdiction is preferred.
Please submit your resume, cover letter, and one-page writing sample
to Carl.Griffin@mail.house.gov

MEM-453-22

Congressman Carlos A. Gimenez is currently seeking full-time interns for his
Fall 2022 internship program in Washington, D.C.
Intern responsibilities will include answering and logging constituent phone calls,
leading constituent tours of the U.S. Capitol, drafting correspondence and
legislative memos, and assisting staff with legislative research and administrative
duties.
Page 1 of 10

Miami ties and Spanish language skills are preferred but not required. Please send
a resume to Gimenez.resume@mail.house.gov to apply.
MEM-451-22

Representative Susie Lee was sworn in to serve Nevada's third congressional
district during the 116th Congress on January 3, 2019, and was re-elected for a
second term for the 117th Congress. Rep. Lee serves Nevada's third
congressional district in southern Nevada that includes parts of Las Vegas,
Henderson, Boulder City, Laughlin, Jean, Good springs, and Primm.
Rep. Lee serves on the House Committee on Appropriations, including three
subcommittee appointments: Energy and Water Development, and Related
Agencies; Interior and Environment, and Related Agencies; and Military
Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies. Prior to her being elected
to serve in the U.S. House of Representatives, Rep. Lee served the people of
Nevada through her work as a nonprofit leader in the education community.
As a district office intern, you would assist with work that aids in the success of
the above described role. The role would include, but is not limited to, writing
program book letters, writing gold bond congratulatory letters, searching for
community events, attending events, presenting certificates at events, making
remarks at events, shadowing outreach representatives as they engage in
casework, and the chance to create your own event for the Congresswoman.
To apply, please submit your resume to NV03resumes@gmail.com. Applicants
can also call our office at (702) 963-9336 for more information.

MEM-448-22

Congressman Cliff Bentz (OR-02) is seeking Fall interns for his Washington
D.C. Office.
Congressman Bentz is a member of the House Judiciary Committee and the
House Natural Resources Committee. Ideal candidates will be college students or
recent graduates who are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detail-oriented,
enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and have customer service experience.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations
and legislative research. Although no two days are the same, an intern may be
expected to answer phones, greet Oregonians, attend policy meetings with other
staff, and assist in managing constituent correspondences and administrative
operations. Interns may also lead tours of the U.S. Capitol and attend committee
hearings.
Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide
valuable experience for future endeavors. The internship will generate the
opportunity to foster excellent connections, learn about many issues affecting our
state and country, gain expertise in any policy areas you might be interested in,

Page 2 of 10

and get a detailed look at what makes the United States the most enduring
democracy in the world.
Desired Availability: Applicants should be able to commit to at least 20 hours per
week. Office hours are 9:00AM – 5:00PM weekdays. The internship is in-person.
All interested applicants are asked to fill out the application form found on the
Congressman’s website: https://bentz.house.gov/services/internships or email
resumes to Natalia.Vasquez@mail.house.gov with the subject line: “Fall 2022
Internship”
MEM-446-22

Republican Congressman Pat Fallon (TX-04) currently seeks full-time or parttime interns for a paid internship in his Washington D.C. office for the Fall 2022
semester. Current college students and recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Intern responsibilities will include answering and logging constituent phone calls,
drafting correspondence, and assisting staff with legislative research and
administrative duties.
The ideal candidate should be interested in public policy, politics, and
government and is willing to learn more about the legislative process to serve the
constituents of Texas’s 4th Congressional District. Candidates with strong writing
and communication skills are encouraged to apply and must be ready to work in a
rapid environment. Texas ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter
to randy.mai1@mail.house.gov.

MEM-444-22

The Office of Rep. Eric Swalwell (CA-15) seeks a press fellow for the upcoming
Fall 2022 term from September to December.
Fellows are eligible for a stipend. The ideal candidate will have strong written
and oral communication skills, familiarity with graphic design including Canva
and Adobe creative suite, and relevant internship experience related to
communications, government, or campaigns.
Duties include assisting with editing video clips, creating digital content,
developing social media content and helping the team with a variety of projects
as needed throughout the week. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fastpast environments, and a willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
Hours are flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules; generally, a fulltime fellowship would run from 9:00AM to 5:00PM ET. at least three days a
week.

Page 3 of 10

This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
To apply please email resume, cover letter, and two examples of previous digital
media or graphic design products to Jessica.Gail@mail.house.gov with “Press
Fellow” in the subject line.
MEM-441-22

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (D-WI-04) seeks
a part-time press intern for the upcoming Fall 2022 term.
Press Intern responsibilities include drafting social media posts and press
releases, designing graphics, conducting interview preparation for the Member,
drafting and editing constituent correspondence letters, and assisting the
Communications Director in the day-to-day press operations of the office.
The office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged
to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, a one-page cover letter, 1-3 sample
graphics, and one short writing sample to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov.
Deadline to apply is 5:00 PM ET on Friday, September 2, 2022.

MEM-439-22

Legislative Intern:
The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks a motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professional for a paid, hybrid legislative internship
for the Washington, DC office.
Qualified applicants should have strong communications skills, the ability to
manage multiple competing tasks, possess exceptional writing and research skills,
and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include–but are not limited to–answering phones, processing
constituent mail, assisting the legislative staff with research, attending
congressional briefings, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of
issues, assisting with closing down the office, and other duties as necessary.
For applicants interested in a legislative internship, please send a resume, cover
letter, and brief writing sample to mi14district@gmail.com with the phrase
“Legislative Internship MI-14” in the subject line.

Page 4 of 10

Full-time internship positions are available beginning Tuesday, September 6,
2022. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to
work in your cover letter.
MEM-438-22

Press Intern:
The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks a motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for a paid, hybrid press internship for
the Washington, DC office.
Qualified applicants should have strong communications skills, the ability to
manage multiple competing tasks, possess exceptional writing and research skills,
and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
The Press Intern will support the Press Secretary by drafting written materials
such as press releases/advisories, creating digital social media content, preparing
daily press clips, and assisting with media inquiries and research. Successful
candidates will have an interest in journalism, politics, communications, and new
media, with superior written communication skills. Knowledge of graphic design
programs (Adobe Creative Suite, Canva, etc.) is a plus, but not required.
Full-time internship positions are available beginning Tuesday, September 6,
2022. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to
work in your cover letter.
For applicants interested in a press internship, please send a resume, cover letter,
and include a small portfolio of your work to mi14district@gmail.com with the
phrase “Press Internship MI-14” in the subject line.

MEM-436-22

The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly
motivated, proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications
team.
Applicants must be available to begin at the end of August/beginning of
September. Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work
ethic, pay attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have solid writing
and editing skills. Preferred applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and
are willing to perform and follow through on a wide variety of tasks. A monthly
stipend is available.
• Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
• Position can be virtual, in person, or hybrid
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
Page 5 of 10

*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and
Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Photoshop or Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Drafting short newsletters
*Editing written materials, such as newsletters or press releases
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should please send resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples,
and a graphic sample (if applicable)
to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com
MEM-433-22

The office of Congressman Scott Peters is seeking applicants for a full or parttime congressional internship in the Washington, D.C office for the fall.
Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting
with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Interns will
also be responsible for drafting responses to constituent inquiries or proactive
outreach materials. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication
skills.
Interns will have the opportunity to write memorandums and briefing materials
for legislative staff, attend committee hearings and legislative briefings, conduct
research on bills the Member may consider sponsoring or cosponsoring, and
complete special projects as assigned.
Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per week and a
maximum of 30 hours per week. Please send a resume, cover letter, writing
sample (1-2 pages), and availability (start and end dates as well as days per week)
to CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “Last Name, First Name, CA52
Internship” in the subject line. Questions can be directed to the same e-mail
address.

MEM-428-22

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Fall 2022 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.

Page 6 of 10

Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner- workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other congressional
offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability
to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.
MEM-422-22

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is seeking full or part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
research. This is a paid-internship that complies with the House Paid Internship
Program.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to ally.hibben@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Fall 2022 Internship.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-420-22

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking fall interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned.
Successful candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working,
detail-oriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player.
Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Nevada residents will be eligible for a
monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall Intern” in the subject line.
Page 7 of 10

No phone calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-419-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a motivated
and reliable student to fill a full-time digital intern position this summer.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling
and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn is a must; sense of humor strongly
encouraged.
This position reports to the digital press secretary and the communications
director. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-418-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented student with a passion for
communications to fill a full-time press intern position this summer.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, voracious consumer of
news, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Press intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, compiling press clips, maintaining
press lists, and drafting press releases. This position reports to the
communications director and broader communications team. Candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter or writing sample
to oversightpress@mail.house.gov

MEM-413-22

Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking paid full and part-time
interns to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2022 term.
Intern responsibilities include corresponding and communicating with
constituents, researching policy, legislative analysis, guiding Capitol building
tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. To apply for an internship please
Page 8 of 10

email KS04DC.InternApplication@mail.house.gov and include your resume,
cover letter, and two letters of recommendation. Kansas ties are preferred but not
required.
MEM-411-22

The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate-level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for a
Fall 2022 internship.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone
inquiries, and providing support to all Committee staff. A background in science
is a plus.
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter
to house.science.committee@mail.house.gov

MEM-334-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for fall 2022. This is a hybrid position— hours are worked remotely and
in-person. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible
with Interns will working for approximately 10-16 weeks (August – November).
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
Page 9 of 10

To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

Page 10 of 10

