________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 14, 2016

MEM-102-16

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congresswoman Maxine Waters (CA-43) is
seeking unpaid full time, part time, and press interns. Responsibilities will
include, but not limited to, answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol,
attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff, and
performing various administrative tasks. Press interns will work with
communications staff to create digital content, develop press clips, collect and
distribute news clips, draft press releases, and manage a nationally engaging
social media platform. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative
process, excellent communication skills, attention to detail, and a sense of humor.
California ties encouraged, but not required. Undergraduate and graduate students
welcome to apply. Applicants should send a cover letter, resume, three
references, and two writing samples to Joseph Sweiss at
Joseph.Sweiss@mail.house.gov.

MEM-101-16

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Donovan (NY-11) is seeking
applications for full-time unpaid interns for the summer session. Applicants must
be willing to work 4-5 full days per week. The internship is scheduled to run from
June to August, but the months of the internship can vary depending on the
Page 1 of 16

availability or school schedule of the applicant, if need be. Candidates should
possess interest in the legislative process, excellent organizational and
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities include, but are not
limited to, answering phones, talking with constituents, scheduling and giving
tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing briefings and hearings for
legislative staff, and supporting the office with any additional duties. Interested
candidates should email a current resume and a list of 3 references with the
subject line “Summer Internship” to NY11Resumes@mail.house.gov.
MEM-100-16

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a full-time
intern or fellow for our Washington, D.C. office for the summer 2016 session.
Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication
skills and a positive attitude, and possess a strong interest in learning about the
political process and congressional affairs. A background in national security
issues in the Middle East and/or East Asia is strongly preferred. Graduate
students and undergraduates are both welcome to apply.
The intern will support the legislative team on the Congresswoman's work on the
House Armed Services Committee, as well as assist in the day-to-day operations
of the office by supporting members of staff with constituent services, legislative
research, and administrative activities.
Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this internship is
unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, writing sample, and cover
letter detailing availability to our intern coordinator, Andres Chovil, at
Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-099-016

The Office of Rep. Scott Rigell (VA-02) is seeking politically Conservative
unpaid Summer 2016 interns in their Washington, DC, office to begin in May
and continue through August. The Office seeks an outgoing, enthusiastic person
with at least 3 days/week availability who would like experience working in a
Congressional Office. Virginia ties are a plus but not required. Interested persons
should submit resume to Julie.Moorhead@mail.house.gov.

MEM-096-16

Senior, Progressive, Democratic Member has an opening for an unpaid,
Legislative Fellow to assist the Member and legislative team with education,
women, poverty, and veterans’ policy.
Strong writers, with the abilities to learn quickly, multi-task, and work
independently in a fluid environment are ideal candidates. In particular,
applicants with great interpersonal skills and good humor are
welcome. Applicants must be available to begin immediately. Women and
minorities are encouraged to apply.

Page 2 of 16

No phone calls or drop-ins; please email a cover letter and resume to
leg.job@mail.house.gov. The deadline for applications is 12 p.m. (noon) Friday,
March 18th.
MEM-095-16

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is
seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the
Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Summer 2016
semester.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff
to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital
content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting
press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or
graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips
at 8:00 am and ends at 4:00 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on
Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major
legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of
activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if
applicable, a portfolio sample to Frances Carrion at
NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact
Frances at 202-225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-094-16

The office of Congressman Bill Posey [FL-08] is currently seeking highly
motivated and organized applicants for a full-time or part-time unpaid internship
for the 2016 summer internship program. The internship is scheduled to run from
May to August, but the months of the internship may vary depending on the
availability or school schedule of the applicant. The internship program is open to
college students and recent graduates who are interested in learning more about
our country’s legislative process and the day-to-day operations of a congressional
office. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred, but are not
required. The deadline to apply is April 1, 2016. If interested, please send a
resume to FloridaConservativeRepublican@gmail.com with "2016 Summer
Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-090-16

The Office of Congressman Jody Hice (GA-10) is seeking full-time and part-time
interns for our Summer internship program. Intern responsibilities include but
are not limited to answering phones, conducting tours of the U.S. Capitol,
researching legislation, assisting with mail distribution, attending briefings,
Page 3 of 16

drafting constituent correspondence letters, and assisting staff with special
projects. Applicants should be public policy oriented, organized, hardworking,
well-mannered, and enthusiastic. Although the internship is unpaid, interns will
earn on-the-job experience and learn the ins and outs of a U.S. House of
Representatives Congressional office. Georgia ties preferred but not required.
Interested applicants please send resume and cover letter to: Nadgey LouisCharles at Nadgey.Louis-Charles@mail.house.gov. In the subject Line please put
First Name Last Name: Summer Internship Application. Deadline is March 31st.
MEM-086-16

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) is seeking
enthusiastic and motivated interns for Summer 2016. The ideal candidates will
interact well with constituents, be able to multitask, and have a strong interest in
public service. Excellent research and writing skills are crucial. Arizona ties are a
plus, but not required.
Interns will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and
learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities
include answering the phone, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with
constituent correspondence, and attending briefings and hearings. Internships are
unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms for students to receive
academic credit.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and a 2-5 page writing
sample to AZ07Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Name—
Summer Internship Application.” Cover letters should include days and times the
applicants will be available during the internship period; writing samples may be
excerpts of larger works. Interns will begin early to mid-May, depending on their
availability, and end in mid-August. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis, and qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview.

MEM-084-16

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her District office
for unpaid Constituent Services and Outreach internships during the Summer
2016 term.
Constituent Service Internship - Constituent Service Interns will work in the
District office to assist Constituent Service Representatives. Responsibilities
include assisting with constituent files, gathering information from federal
agencies, and answering constituent calls. S/he will monitor congressional
inquiries through online databases.
Outreach Internship - The Outreach Intern will work in the District office
supporting the team with a variety of outreach projects and activities, including
event planning, and advocacy communications. The Outreach Intern also
conducts project research using the web and traditional sources such as booth set
up at events. S/he helps develop several databases and lists of state, local/civic,
and federal organizations and government agencies. S/he must monitor local and
Page 4 of 16

national media through print, online/blog and television news media. The
Outreach Intern also responds to outreach-related initiatives and assists with
general outreach efforts.
Ideal candidates for both positions will be detailed oriented, well organized, and
able to conduct research. Interns should also possess strong written and verbal
communication skills in a professional setting. Undergraduates and recent
graduates of any major with ties to Maryland are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a one page
writing sample by Friday, April 8, 2016 to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
MEM-083-16

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her Washington,
D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the Summer 2016 term.
Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative process and have a desire
to learn while being a part of a hardworking team. Ideal candidates will possess
strong writing and verbal communication skills, a demonstrated interest in
legislative issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an
enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist staff with
legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings, draft memos,
sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours. Candidates with Maryland ties are
strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume, cover letter stating your
availability, and a brief and a one page writing sample by Friday, April 8, 2016 to
internship.md04@mail.house.gov.

MEM-082-16

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as
recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its
Summer 2016 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will
have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member
services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support.
Please note that this is an unpaid internship. Interested applicants should send a
cover letter, resume, and available hours to intern.CHADEM@mail.house.gov
with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship.”

MEM-081-16

Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his Leadership office to begin
March or April. Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) transcribing
videos, collecting press clips, live-streaming briefings, supporting the Operations
team in preparing Caucus events, answering phones, providing constituency
outreach support to Democratic Members of Congress and their staff, conducting
research, extracting and formatting large quantities of data, writing detailed
memos, attending relevant briefings and meetings, and assisting with team
projects. Applicants should be motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal
and written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multi-task.
Page 5 of 16

Experience or interest in social media is a plus. Women and minorities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic credit or
congressional internship/fellowship program participants. The intern should be
prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please send a cover
letter and resume to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-080-16

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a fulltime intern or fellow for our Washington, D.C. office for March through May
2016. We are also accepting candidates for the summer 2016 session.
Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication
skills and a positive attitude, and possess a strong interest in learning about the
political process and congressional affairs. A background in national security
issues in the Middle East and/or East Asia is strongly preferred. Graduate
students and undergraduates are both welcome to apply.
The intern will support the legislative team on the Congresswoman's work on the
House Armed Services Committee, as well as assist in the day-to-day operations
of the office by supporting members of staff with constituent services, legislative
research, and administrative activities.
Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this internship is
unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, writing sample, and cover
letter detailing availability to our intern coordinator, Andres Chovil, at
Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-079-16

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid press
internship for Summer 2016. Duties will include tracking press clips and traffic
on social media networks, updating and maintaining press contact lists,
maintaining website, and assisting with the office day-to-day-communications
operation. Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications,
news media, or journalism. Please send resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to MD06.Internships@mail.house.gov by March 24th with “Summer Press
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-078-16

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
Congressional internship for Summer 2016. Duties include conducting
legislative research for staff, drafting memos on hearing and briefings, assisting
with front office duties, answering constituent correspondence on matters related
to the House, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit
strong writing and communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to
Maryland are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Page 6 of 16

MD06.Internships@mail.house.gov by March 24th with “Summer Congressional
Internship” in the subject line.
MEM-077-16

Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for March through May 2016. Main responsibilities include answering
phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters, researching
legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be
opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be
self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good
understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college students
seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred. Please e-mail your cover
letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at
samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-075-16

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns to fill spring positions. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful
candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. California
ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter, 3 references, and dates of
availability to Andrew.Heineman@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-073-16

California Congressman Jared Huffman is seeking current college students or
recent college graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for a full-time or
part-time spring semester internship between March and May. We are seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and
administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Intern responsibilities will vary, and
range from answering phones, legislative research for the Member and legislative
staff, attending hearings and briefings, and organizing constituent letters on
various issues before the House. Applicants should have strong communication
skills, professional demeanor, and the ability to multi-task under pressure.
The internship is unpaid, although interns will gain valuable Hill and office
experience as well as have access to many unique Hill opportunities.
Congressman Huffman represents California’s 2nd congressional district, which
extends along the Pacific coast, from the Golden Gate Bridge to the Oregon
border. California ties are preferred, but not necessary.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and dates of availability to
DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov. Please no drop bys, phone calls, or
emailing staff members.

Page 7 of 16

MEM-072-16

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking highly
motivated and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for
the 2016 Summer internship program. The internship is scheduled to run from
May 16 to August 19. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative
process, excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities
will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the
U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative
staff, and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are
not required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability
or school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover
letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2016 Summer Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-070-16

Democratic Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks current college
students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for summer
2016 internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern duties include answering
phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail and faxes,
leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and other
responsibilities as needed. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral and
written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to work on
a variety of tasks. Preference given to interns with full-time availability, but those
seeking part-time internships will be considered. Pennsylvania ties a plus.
Internship positions are unpaid. To apply, email cover letter, resume, and a brief
writing sample (no more than two pages) to Zach Rosen at
Zach.Rosen@mail.house.gov. Please include availability in your cover letter.

MEM-068-16

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer of 2016.
Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and
professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and
members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases,
monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and
serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is
flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with
LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a
fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with
“Communications Intern” in the subject line. No phone calls, please.

MEM-067-16

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
legislative intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer of 2016. Ideal
candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong work ethic and
writing skills. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent
Page 8 of 16

correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid
and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is
flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with
LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fastpaced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with
“Legislative Intern” in the subject line. No phone calls, please.
MEM-064-16

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Keith Ellison seeks unpaid interns
to fill positions for spring 2016. Main responsibilities include answering phones,
processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters, researching
legislative issues, planning events, and attending meetings/hearings as needed.
There will also be opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest.
Candidates should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate
(with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit and recent graduates. Minnesota ties strongly
preferred. If interested, please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to hassan.ali@mail.house.gov for internships in Washington, DC.

MEM-063-16

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a full-time
intern or fellow for our Washington, D.C. office for mid-February through May
2016. Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written
communication skills and a positive attitude, and possess a strong interest in
learning about the political process and congressional affairs. A background in
national security issues in the Middle East and/or East Asia is strongly preferred.
Graduate students and undergraduates are both welcome to apply.
The intern will support the legislative team on the Congresswoman's work on the
House Armed Services Committee, as well as assist in the day-to-day operations
of the office by supporting members of staff with constituent services, legislative
research, and administrative activities.
Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this internship is
unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, writing sample, and cover
letter detailing availability to our intern coordinator, Andres Chovil, at
Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-062-16

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office starting mid-March. Candidates should be
collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral
and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings,
answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
Page 9 of 16

scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-061-16

The Office of Congressman Reid Ribble is seeking qualified candidates to intern
in our Washington, D.C. office starting in May 2016. We are interested in
candidates of all academic disciplines. Interns will assist the staff with a variety
of tasks, including office administration, legislative research, constituent
correspondence, and other duties as assigned. Administration will include daily
tasks such as welcoming guests, being aware of the Congressman’s and staff’s
schedules, answering phones, constituent tours, mail administration, and other
duties. Legislative research and constituent correspondence will include being
aware of current and pending legislation, researching legislation for constituent
correspondence, attending briefings, and other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
the drive to take the initiative in a fast-paced environment.
This is an unpaid position. If candidates have any questions or wish to apply,
please send a cover letter, resume and writing sample to
Maggie.Woodin@mail.house.gov.

MEM-060-16

Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for May through August 2016. Main responsibilities include answering
phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters, researching
legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be
opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be
self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good
understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college students
seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred. Please e-mail your cover
letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at
samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-058-16

Florida Republican is seeking interns to start immediately through May 2016.
Qualified candidates will be hardworking, motivated self-starters, detail-oriented,
and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Daily duties as an
intern will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituents services
in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours,
Page 10 of 16

conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and
attending hearings. Florida ties are a plus but not a requirement. This internship is
unpaid, however, individuals will gain invaluable work experience. Please send a
resume to FloridaConservativeRepublican@gmail.com with subject line “Intern”
for consideration.
MEM-056-16

The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Buddy Carter (GA-01) is
currently seeking applicants for the spring semester. Internships are available to
qualified college students seeking college credit or recent college graduates.
Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to
participants as well as an understanding of our federal legislative process.
Georgia ties are preferred, but they are not required. Responsibilities include but
are not limited to: providing tours of the Capitol, answering phones, helping staff
process constituents’ mail and inquiries. Other responsibilities may include
assisting staff with legislative research, writing meeting briefings, and attending
committee hearings. Candidates should possess an interest in the legislative
process, strong communication skills, along with motivation and organization. If
you are interested in being considered for an internship, please send your resume,
cover letter, and any relevant writing samples to
Hart.Thompson@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.

MEM-055-16

Democratic Leadership Office seeks highly motivated, part-time or full time
interns. Intern responsibilities include administrative duties and a few legislative
duties as necessary. Administrative support includes sorting mail, preparing
briefing binders, setting up events, and other special projects as assigned by staff.
The position requires the ability to multitask, strong organizational skills, and a
desire to work in a fast-paced environment. The internship is unpaid, but interns
will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience in a Democratic Leadership office.
Please send a resume and cover letter to deminternship2016@gmail.com. Please
no drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.

MEM-053-16

Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for
his Spring and Summer 2016 internship program in his Washington, D.C. and
Hot Springs offices. He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated,
detail-oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research
and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents.
Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn
about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. In the DC office,
responsibilities will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol,
assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and
communication staff on various projects. Although internships are unpaid, the
office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at
their respective college or university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not
required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
Jordan.Garcia@mail.house.gov.
Page 11 of 16

MEM-052-16

Democratic Member of Congress on the Energy & Commerce Committee seeks
full-time or part-time unpaid Congressional interns to begin immediately. The
responsibilities of a Congressional intern primarily focus on helping the
Congressman communicate with his 700,000-plus constituents. Interns will assist
the team with phones, mail, tours of the U.S. Capitol Building, and related front
office duties. Additional tasks, including drafting correspondence, research
projects, and attending hearings may be assigned on a case by case basis.
Candidates should possess excellent communication skills (both verbal and
written) and an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress.
Ideal candidates are positive, energetic, and eager to assist with the legislative
and administrative needs of the staff. Pacific Northwest ties are preferred. Please
send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
andy.hackbarth@mail.house.gov.

MEM-049-16

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidate must
possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional. Intern will work
directly with the communications director and members of the media.
Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and
developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide professional
and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing intern to
attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their
interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment
and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Candidates with
photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged to
apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
No phone calls, please.

MEM-045-16

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Summer 2016. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are
preferred. Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per
week. Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and times
available (start and end dates as well as days per week) to
CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, CA52
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-043-16

Democratic Leadership Office seeks highly motivated, part-time or full time
interns. Intern responsibilities include administrative duties and a few legislative
duties as necessary. Administrative support includes sorting mail, preparing
briefing binders, setting up events, and other special projects as assigned by staff.
The position requires the ability to multitask, strong organizational skills, and a
Page 12 of 16

desire to work in a fast-paced environment. The internship is unpaid, but interns
will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience in a Democratic Leadership office.
Please send a resume and cover letter to deminternship2016@gmail.com. Please
no drop-ins, phone calls, or emailing staff members.
MEM-040-16

Congressman John K. Delaney (MD-6) seeks full time press intern for Spring
2016. Press intern will work directly with Communications Director. Ideal
candidate must possess strong writing skills and ability to work in fast-paced
environment. Experience with graphic design and database management is a plus.
Responsibilities include drafting releases and related press materials, monitoring
social media, research and staffing events. Position is unpaid but a successful
candidate will have opportunity for promotion. No calls or drop-ins, applicants
should send resume and writing sample to will.mcdonald@mail.house.gov.
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.

MEM-038-16

The Office of Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster (NH-02) is seeking qualified
candidates to intern full time and part time in our Washington, D.C. office this
summer. Interns will have a chance to experience first-hand the operations of a
U.S. Congressional office, learn about the legislative process, and gain Capitol
Hill experience.
Responsibilities include administrative tasks such as answering phones,
welcoming guests, and leading constituent tours. In addition, interns will be
required to conduct legislative research, draft constituent correspondence and
vote recommendations, attend briefings and hearings, and other projects as
needed.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to the Northeast—especially New
Hampshire—are preferred, but not required.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter,
resume, writing sample, and references to NH02.Internship@mail.house.gov.
Please include “Last Name, First Name - Internship Application” in the subject
line and include your available start and end dates and weekly schedule in the
email.

MEM-036-16

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
spring. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor,
interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to
multi-task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities
include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to
constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office
duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience
Page 13 of 16

are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
short writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-035-16

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting
and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned.
The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and two writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject
“Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-034-16

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available immediately full-time and parttime internships in his Little Rock, Arkansas, and Conway, Arkansas offices.
Interns will have the opportunity to work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S.
Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, answering constituent phone
calls, opening and sorting mail, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct research, assist with
correspondence, and attend press and other events.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be able to
work both independently and as part of a team. Successful intern candidates will
demonstrate a positive attitude, strong work ethic, dedication to constituent
service, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates also
should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics along with
social media and other communications experience. Arkansas ties are strongly
preferred.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.

MEM-033-16

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available immediately full-time and parttime legislative press internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Interns will
work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the communications process and the U.S. Congress.
Intern responsibilities include working directly with our communications team,
greeting constituents, answering constituent phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with administrative
tasks. Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research and
assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional
hearings, and press events.

Page 14 of 16

Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be able to
work both independently and as part of a team. Successful intern candidates will
demonstrate a positive attitude, strong work ethic, dedication to constituent
service, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates also
should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics along with
social media and other communications experience. Arkansas ties are strongly
preferred.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.
MEM-032-16

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available immediately full-time and parttime legislative internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Interns will have the
opportunity to work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill office, gaining valuable exposure
and knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, answering constituent phone
calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building tours, and assisting
staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct
legislative research and assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be able to
work both independently and as part of a team. Successful intern candidates will
demonstrate a positive attitude, strong work ethic, dedication to constituent
service, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates also
should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics. Social
media and other communications experience are a plus, and Arkansas ties are
strongly preferred.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.

MEM-031-16

The Office of Congressman Jody Hice is seeking 2016 Spring Interns.
Applicants should be motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individual with
excellent oral and written communication skills. Individuals should demonstrate
strong interpersonal skills and ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong
computing skills, and have a sound work ethic. Intern responsibilities include but
are not limited: to answering and screening telephone calls, greeting constituents
and visitors, giving tours of the Capitol, monitoring media hits, writing
constituent letters, assisting with the planning, preparation and execution of
Member events and appearances, assisting staff with special projects, research
and assignments, and other duties as necessary. Although the internship is unpaid,
interns will gain valuable firsthand experience in a Congressional setting. Hours
are flexible, and can be shaped around class and work commitments. Interested
applicants should fill out the application below and send their Resume and Cover
Page 15 of 16

letter to: Nadgey.Louis-Charles@mail.house.gov. In the subject Line please put
First Name Last Name: Internship Application.
MEM-026-16

Arizona Republican is seeking spring semester interns for his Washington D.C.
office. Duties of interns include answering telephones, greeting visitors,
conducting tours, sorting mail, and assisting staff members with projects as
needed. Applicants should be organized, should have strong time management
and writing skills, and should be able to complete tasks with minimal supervision.
Arizona ties and previous Hill experience a plus but not required.
Please send a cover letter, one-page resume, and a two- to three-page writing
sample to GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com with “Internship Application” in the
subject line. No phone calls please.

MEM-025-16

Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks full time hard working intern for
Winter/Spring 2016. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering
phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours,
attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication
skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest
in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
Brian.Cusack@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.

Page 16 of 16

