________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 26, 2015

MEM-036-15

New Jersey Democratic Congressman Frank Pallone (NJ-06) seeks full time and
part time unpaid interns for his personal office during the spring 2015 semester.
We are seeking personable, hardworking and motivated individuals with
excellent oral and written communication skills.
Job duties will include, but are not limited to: answering phones, assisting staffers
with general administrative duties, attending briefings, drafting letters to
constituents, and conducting congressional research. New Jersey ties are strongly
preferred, but not necessary. A good sense of humor is a plus.
Please email a resume, cover letter, and references to
thomas.egan@mail.house.gov, please include your dates and times of availability.
We have immediate vacancies to be filled.

MEM-029-15

Arizona Democrat seeks full-time hard working intern for immediate hire.
Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting
with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending briefings, or
Page 1 of 10

providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have
exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast
paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the
legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to azdcinternships@gmail.com. Individuals with
Arizona ties, women, and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-028-15

The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for
Summer 2015 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will
have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting
with phone inquiries and providing support to all Committee staff. Background in
science a plus. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to
ashley.smith@mail.house.gov.

MEM-027-15

Michigan Office seeks intern who will report to the Intern Coordinator and Chief
of Staff.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• flexible schedule – Wednesday work day required;
• able to work at least 12 hours a week;
• ability to maintain calm in a high stress environment;
• preference for students from Michigan
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
• performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
• sorts and distributes mail;
• attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
• performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
• answers the telephones;
• checks faxes;
Page 2 of 10

• notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
• greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and performs other duties as assigned.
SEND ALL RESUMES AND ONE WRITING SAMPLE TO:
CapitolHill14@gmail.com
MEM-024-15

Spring Internship. The office of Representative Stephen Fincher (TN-08) is
looking for motivated interns for the 2015 Spring semesters in the Washington,
D.C. office. Intern responsibilities include assisting the staff with general office
duties, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, sorting mail, giving
Capitol tours, and performing various other tasks based on ability and interests.
Applicants must possess strong communication skills, have a positive attitude and
be well-organized. Internship may be full-time or part-time to fit applicant's
schedule. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and résumé to
TN08.Intern@mail.house.gov.Tennessee ties preferred, but not required.

MEM-021-15

The Republican office of the Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and
public policy, to apply for its full-time Spring 2015 internship program.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone
inquiries, and providing support to all Committee staff. This is a paid internship.
To apply, please send a cover letter and one page resume to
CHARep.Intern@mail.house.gov.

MEM-019-15

The office of Congressman Alex X. Mooney (WV-2) is seeking full-time, paid
and/or unpaid interns for Spring 2015 with immediate availability. Ideal
candidates should be strong conservatives with excellent verbal and written
communication skills. West Virginia ties are preferred, but not required.
Responsibilities include answering phones and greeting visitors, sorting and
inputting mail into IQ, facilitating Capitol tours, attending meetings/hearings, and
assisting staff. Interested candidates should email their resume to Sean McMahon
at sean.mcmahon@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Internship Application”.

MEM-016-15

Democratic Member of the House seeks unpaid intern in Washington, DC.
Interested applicants submit a resume to Bklynny09@gmail.com.
Core Responsibilities:
 To assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry,
reception duties and other office errands, and
 To draft floor statements, speeches and memorandums on legislative
issues.
Page 3 of 10

Qualifications:
 Must be a current student – with student identification
 Good oral and written communication skills;
 Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
 Good organizational skills; and
 Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
 Flexible schedule – a minimum of 12 hours of work per week,
Wednesday work day required.
Duties:
 Performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
 Sorts and distributes mail;
 Attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
 Performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent
requests, including names and addresses of constituents;
 Answers the telephones;
 Notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all
relevant information;
 Greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
 Performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
MEM-015-15

Democratic Member of the House seeks unpaid intern in Washington, DC,
starting in January. Responsibilities include assisting with social media
campaigns and strategies, writing press releases, talking points and memos,
conducting research and assisting the Press Staff with the day-to-day operations.
Candidate should be energetic, enthusiastic and able to thrive in a fast-paced
working environment. Creativity is a must. Previous experience in politics and
press are not required but candidates should have a general understanding of the
governmental process, knowledge of North Carolina, and interest in
communications. If interested, please send a cover letter and resume via email to:
NCCongressionalJobs@gmail.com (subject line should read: Social Media
Intern). Absolutely no phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins, please. Minorities and
women encouraged to apply, North Carolina ties preferred but not required.

MEM-013-15

The Office of Representative Sam Farr (CA-20) is looking for a full-time press
intern to start immediately. Intern will be responsible for accumulating daily
press clips, monitoring local news outlets, drafting social media statements and
press releases and generally assisting the Communications Director. Intern will
also be asked to assist staff with phones, mail, research, mail correspondence, and
constituent tours. CA ties a plus. Sense of humor mandatory! Students welcome
to apply. Please send resumes and a brief writing sample to
Morgan.Keese@mail.house.gov

Page 4 of 10

MEM-012-15

The office of Representative Marcia L. Fudge is looking for a motivated unpaid
intern in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern responsibilities include assisting
the staff with general office duties, attending briefings and hearings, answering
phones, sorting mail, giving Capitol tours, and performing various other tasks as
assigned. Applicants must possess strong communication skills, have a positive
attitude and be well-organized. Interested candidates should send a cover
letter, résumé, and writing sample to District11resumes@mail.house.gov. Ohio
ties preferred, but not required.

MEM-011-15

Chairman Candice S. Miller (R-MI) seeks legislative interns for the
Winter/Spring 2015 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional
office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and
the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include legislative research
and writing, constituent relations, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct historical tours of the Capitol,
assist with constituent correspondence, and attend legislative briefings,
congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information
with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team
environment, and possess a strong attention to detail. Applicants should have
working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness
to perform a variety of tasks and administrative functions. Michigan ties are
strongly preferred; however, candidates from outside the state will be
considered. Undergraduate students are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an
unpaid position but a great opportunity for students seeking academic credit, and
the hours are flexible to accommodate the intern’s schedule.
Send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to MI10Intern@gmail.com

MEM-008-15

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Spring 2015. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are
preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to
ca52internships@gmail.com with “Spring Congressional Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-006-15

Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern
for her Washington, D.C. office for winter/spring, 2015. This internship position
will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fast-paced Congressional
office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties include answering
phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members with research and
special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to attend legislative
Page 5 of 10

hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be motivated; detail
orientated and possesses strong communication and writing skills. This is a great
opportunity for recent graduates seeking Hill experience. Michigan ties are
preferred. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to
kevin.rambosk@mail.house.gov.
MEM-005-15

The Office of Representative Kevin Brady (TX-08) is currently seeking paid fulltime interns to start immediately in our Washington, D.C. office. Qualified
candidates are well organized, with good oral and written communication skills,
and possess a strong interest in learning about the political process and
congressional affairs. Duties include but are not limited to, answering phones,
compiling briefing binders, batching mail, performing legislative research, and
attending briefings. Interns interact heavily with constituents so a positive attitude
is a must. Applicants must be detail oriented with a strong work ethic and an
eagerness to represent the 8th district of Texas. Previous Hill experience not
required. Interested Candidates should send a resume and cover letter to:
TX08intern@gmail.com.

MEM-002-15

Florida Republican seeks an intern for the Spring 2015 semester. Interns will
work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern
responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls,
opening and sorting mail, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns
will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, as well as attend
Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings and receptions. Our office is
looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be self-starters,
take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as
part of a team environment. Applicants should have a willingness to assist with
daily office tasks. Florida ties preferred, but not required. Interns must be able to
commit three full days a week (9:00am-6:00pm during Session and 9:00am5:00pm during Congressional Recess) at minimum. Students welcome to apply.
Those interested please send resume and cover letter to
FL26Internships@gmail.com.

MEM-001-15

Congressman C.A. Dutch Ruppersberger is seeking interns for his District Office
in Timonium for the Spring school semester. Interns will assist the Congressman
and his staff in the overall day-to-day operations of the office by drafting letters
of correspondence, processing mail, answering telephones, greeting visitors, and
other duties as needed.
We are a small but fast-paced office and every effort will be made to give interns
a worthwhile learning experience. Our internship positions are part-time and
unpaid. A minimum time commitment is required. Candidates should be
professional, possess strong oral and written communication skills, and have the
ability to multitask. Applicants with Maryland ties will be given preference.
Page 6 of 10

Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume by January 31st to
David.Heitlinger@mail.house.gov with Spring 2015 Internship in the subject
line.
MEM-412-14

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Spring 2015. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are
preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to
ca52internships@gmail.com with “Spring Congressional Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-411-14

The majority staff of the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
looking for undergraduate and/or graduate interns for Spring 2015 under. Interns
will have the responsibilities of providing legislative, general administrative
support, answering phones, and other duties as assigned. Interns will be given
opportunities to engage in substantive work, attend hearings and educational
briefings, and will in all regards be treated as an integral member of the full-time
staff. Spring Internships typically run from the beginning of January through the
middle of May. Specific dates will be determined with each intern based on their
individual schedules. Interns will be assigned to assist the full committee in the
front office or with one of our subcommittees (Oversight, Energy, Environment,
Research & Technology, and Space). Interns are preferred to work full time,
however schedules are worked out on an individual basis. Previous Capitol Hill
experience preferred but not required. This is a paid internship. Those interested
in an internship opportunity for Spring 2015 are encouraged to submit a resume
listing two references and a cover letter to HouseScienceOpenings@gmail.com.
No telephone calls, faxes, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-410-14

House Judiciary Committee press office seeks motivated, detail-oriented and
highly energetic full-time (20+ hours a week) press intern. Duties include
compiling daily news clips, issue tracking and research, drafting media releases
and other communications materials, maintaining press contact lists, special event
support, and conceptualizing social media content. A background in journalism or
communications and special skills such as photography, video editing and
graphic design a plus, but not required. Undergraduate and graduate students, as
well as recent graduates, are encouraged to apply. Michigan ties are a plus. Start
and end dates are flexible. This internship is unpaid, but the office will
accommodate applicants seeking to earn academic credit. Please submit a one
page resume, a short writing sample, and a cover letter that includes date and
hours of availability to HouseJudiciaryDems@gmail.com.

MEM-408-14

Internships are currently available in Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren’s (CA-19)
Washington, D.C. office for the 2014 Winter Semester. Congresswoman Lofgren
represents California’s 19th Congressional District, which lies in the heart of
Page 7 of 10

California’s “Silicon Valley”.
Interns have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a busy
Congressional office and gain invaluable work experience. This is an excellent
opportunity for those interested in the legislative process. Interns’ responsibilities
will vary—in addition to answering phones and running errands around the
Capitol, interns will have the opportunity to attend hearings and briefings,
research legislation for legislative staff, and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent writing and analytical skills, a
demonstrated work ethic, and ability to function in a fast-paced environment. A
successful candidate will be motivated, able to multitask, and have the ability to
work well under pressure. Full-time and part-time internship positions are
available beginning January 5, 2014. Part-time interns must work at least three
full days a week. Internships are unpaid. California-19 and/or California ties are
preferred but not required. Interested applicants should apply through
http://lofgren.house.gov/. Please cite Brad Traverse as source of this lead.
MEM-407-14

Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is currently seeking a full-time intern to
start the first week of January with a flexible end date. Ideal candidates have
excellent writing and research skills, a positive attitude, and a willingness to
complete tasks as assigned. Intern responsibilities include researching and writing
Congressional correspondence, helping constituents find information and fielding
constituent phone calls. This internship also provides the opportunity to work
closely with staff members and assist in various projects. Washington ties are
preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume, cover letter
and two references to: taylor.paquette@mail.house.gov. Please include “WA-02
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-405-14

Our Washington interns will be exposed to a wide range of activities on Capitol
Hill. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation for the Member
and legislative staff, attends hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters
on various issues before the House. Interns will need to be able to communicate
professionally, balance multiple tasks at once, and have a teachable attitude. As a
result, interns will learn about the legislative process, the various functions of a
Congressional office, and the way things work on Capitol Hill. It is an invaluable
opportunity for both educational and professional development.

MEM-404-14

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office from January through April. Candidates should
be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong
oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings,
answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
Page 8 of 10

scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a
resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-399-14

The Office of Congressman Gene Green (TX-29) is currently seeking a full-time
intern for our Washington, D.C. office for the spring session (January-May
2015). Qualified candidates are well organized, with good oral and written
communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about the political
process and congressional affairs. Duties include but are not limited to, answering
phones, compiling briefing binders, performing legislative research, assisting in
press work, and attending briefings. This opportunity offers a great opportunity to
see the inner workings of a congressional office from a senior member.
Applicants must be detail oriented with a strong work ethic and an eagerness to
represent the 29th district of Texas. Also, an intern with Texas ties and Spanish
proficiency is preferred but not mandatory. Interested candidates should send a
resume and cover letter to our intern coordinator, Kendrick Vela, at
Kendrick.Vela@mail.house.gov.

MEM-398-14

The Washington, DC, office of a Senior Member of the Ways and Means
Committee has unpaid Press internship openings to begin immediately. Press
interns are expected to work long hours and commit between 3-5 days per week.
Internship duties include, but are not limited to compiling and daily clips, drafting
press releases and op-eds, proofreading and editing, maintaining press lists,
updating Member's communications calendar, website and social media
platforms. Intern may also assist with answering phones, incoming and outgoing
mail, addressing constituent concerns, and assisting the Legislative/District office
staff. Strong writing skills are needed and familiarity with new media and website
development is a plus. Priority will be given to those with journalism or
communications education/experience. The ideal candidate will be creative,
motivated, mature, detail-orientated, and possess the ability to multi-task under
high pressure. This is a great opportunity for college students and recent
graduates. To apply for the position, please send your cover letter, resume and
writing sample addressed to the Comm. Director at ny13intern@gmail.com with
the subject: Press Intern.

MEM-396-14

Congressman Mark Meadows (NC-11) seeks motivated, detail-oriented,
personable and organized interns to join his Washington, DC office for the 2015
spring semester. Applicants should have strong conservative values, excellent
communication skills, and a committed work ethic. Duties will include, but are
not limited to: answering phones, processing mail, researching legislation,
drafting correspondence, attending hearings and briefings, giving tours of the
Capitol, and assisting front office staff. Applications are considered for this
unpaid internship on a rolling basis; preference will be given to candidates who
are available to intern full-time. Interested candidates should email a resume and
cover letter to Ashley Howes at ashley.howes@mail.house.gov. North Carolina
Page 9 of 10

ties are preferred, but not required
MEM-394-14

A Conservative Republican from Florida is currently seeking un-paid interns for
this Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include, but not limited to,
handling constituent phone calls, composing correspondence, conducting capitol
tours, and attending congressional hearings and briefings. Candidates should be
professional, organized, and eager to learn. Florida ties are preferred, but all
applicants are encouraged to apply. Please email your cover letter, resume, and
availability to FL11internship@gmail.com.

MEM-392-14

Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks full time hard working intern for
immediate hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone
calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending
various briefings, providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates
will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work
in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about
the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.

Page 10 of 10

