________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 11, 2015

MEM-126-15

The DC office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from Washington’s 6th
district, is looking for personable, diligent full or part-time interns to start for the
upcoming early Fall term (beginning mid August). This is an opportunity to learn
about the inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced
work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting
events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities include
assisting with constituent correspondence, producing daily press clips, and
leading tours of the Capitol. This is a unique opportunity and prime for students
or recent grads who are interested in learning about the legislative process or may
eventually want to work for the federal government. To apply, please send a
resume and a cover letter outlining your interest in the position to
nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within a week.
Those with Washington state ties strongly encouraged to apply. We look forward
to hearing from you!

MEM-122-15

Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for September through December 2015. Main responsibilities include
Page 1 of 8

answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
researching legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There
will also be opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest.
Candidates should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate
(with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred. Please e-mail your
cover letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at
samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.
MEM-115-15

The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an experienced
unpaid communications intern to assist with day-to-day operations and special
projects in the Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be soon-to-be or
recent college graduates with a preferred major in PR, journalism, English, or
communications. Interested applicants must be able to commit to at least 30 hours
per week. Qualified candidates will have a previous internship in
communications, journalism, a political office or on the Hill, excellent writing
skills, and a positive attitude and sense of humor. Photoshop experience is a plus.
Intern responsibilities will include monitoring news on relevant policy areas and
compile media reports, drafting social media posts and graphics on legislation,
issue positions, and news items. Interns will also help brainstorm creative ways to
concisely convey complex policy initiatives, draft press material, proof and edit
documents from Senior Staff, and assist the Communications Director with
special projects. Interested candidates should send their resume and two brief
writing samples to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com. Writing samples may
include: press release, advisory, professional Facebook post & corresponding
tweet, school newspaper article, etc.

MEM-114-15

The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid
intern for Summer 2015. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and
professional with strong communication and writing skills. Western ties are a
plus but not a requirement. Intern responsibilities will include, but are not limited
to, providing general constituent services in the form of answering phone calls
and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members,
drafting constituent correspondence, and attending hearings. Interested candidates
should send their resume, a cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
WesternStateIntern@gmail.com by May 15, 2015.

MEM-113-15

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for fall of 2015. Ideal
candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional.
Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the
media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media
and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide
professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing
intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of
their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced
Page 2 of 8

environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged
to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
MEM-112-15

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking full-time
interns for her Washington D.C. office for fall of 2015. Ideal candidate would be
professional, dependable and possess a strong writing skills and work ethic.
Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent correspondence, Capitol
tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide
professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing
interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of
their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment
and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.

MEM-109-15

The House Democratic Caucus is looking for a full time press intern with
availability beginning immediately. Responsibilities include (but are not limited
to) assisting with press clips, production and editing of studio videos, staffing of
live stream events, graphic design, formatting and extracting large quantities of
data, and assisting in team projects. Applicants should be self-starters, motivated,
detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and be
able to problem solve and multi-task. Experience in Adobe Suite or other design
software and proficiency in Spanish highly preferred. Experience and interest in
press operations and the congressional process is a plus. Minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students or Congressional internship
program participants. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
detailing availability to DemCaucusPressIntern@Gmail.com.

MEM-106-15

Illinois Republican is looking for current college students for a Congressional
internship. These internships are available starting now on either a full-time or
part-time basis. Qualified candidates will be highly organized, prompt,
responsible, and ready to work in a fast paced environment. Strong oral and
communication skills are a must. Daily duties will include assisting staff,
answering phones, organizing mail, giving tours of the Capitol Building, and
attending hearings and briefings for legislative staff. Interns will gain valuable
Capitol Hill experience and further their understanding of the legislative process.
Illinois ties are preferred but not necessary. All interested applicants should email their resume and/or cover letter to midwestinternship@gmail.com.

MEM-105-15

Midwest Republican seeks full time hard working intern for immediate hire.
Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting
Page 3 of 8

with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various briefings,
and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have
exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast
paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the
legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.
MEM-103-15

Nevada Republican seeks an unpaid communications intern for Summer 2015.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office, gaining valuable exposure
and knowledge of the communications process and the United States Congress.
Communication intern responsibilities include tracking and reporting on social
media and news story comments, drafting social media posts, establishing and
managing a twitter account, and reaching out to local/national reporters on social
media. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend events and committee
meetings to take photos and videos, work with the communications director to
put press releases on the website, and assist with writing projects at the discretion
of the communications director.
Interns will also help facilitate our constituent communications program and
guide constituents on tours of the US Capitol building.
Our office seeks an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently
and as a member of a team environment. Applicants must have a working
knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist
with daily communication tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00 am6:00 pm) with the option of working full-time, June through August. Students are
welcome to apply. If interested, please send a cover letter, updated resume,
sample of a social media post for a congressperson, and references to
kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.

MEM-102-15

Florida Democrat seeks intern for Washington, D.C. office during the spring
2015 semester. Applicants should be available to start immediately. Candidates
should also be motivated, enthusiastic, and possess strong interpersonal skills.
The internship will provide exposure to all areas of a legislative office. Interns
will be responsible for assisting the team with phones, mail, tours, flag-requests,
and related front office duties. Additional tasks, including drafting constituent
correspondence, research projects, and attending hearings may be assigned on a
case-by-case basis. This is a great opportunity for individuals who are interested
in learning about the workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process in a
busy Congressional office. Both full and part time internships are available. To
apply, please send an e-mail DCInternships.Grayson@mail.house.gov with your
cover letter, résumé, and two writing samples (not to exceed one page each).
Page 4 of 8

Please PDF your attachments, and use the following format for your subject line:
[First Name] [Last Name] – [Desired Semester] Internship Candidate.
MEM-101-15

Congressman Mark Takano seeks an enthusiastic, professional student or recent
graduate to start an immediate Internship this spring to assist in his DC Office.
Applicants should be organized, hard-working, and have excellent oral and
written communication skills. Responsibilities include administrative tasks,
contributing to the office correspondence process, performing legislative
research, attending hearings and briefings, and conducting constituent tours. To
apply, please email cover letter, resume, and available dates to
ca41intern@gmail.com with “2015 Spring Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-100-15

The Office of Representative Kevin Brady (TX-08) is currently seeking a full
time intern with stipend for our Washington, D.C. office. Qualified candidates
are well organized, with good oral and written communication skills, and possess
a strong interest in learning about the political process and congressional affairs.
Duties include but are not limited to, answering phones, compiling briefing
binders, batching mail, performing legislative research, and attending briefings.
Interns interact heavily with constituents so a positive attitude is a must.
Applicants must be detail oriented with a strong work ethic and an eagerness to
represent the 8th district of Texas. Previous Hill experience not required.
Interested Candidates should send a resume and cover letter to:
TX08intern@gmail.com.

MEM-099-15

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks full time interns for her Washington,
D.C. office. Preference will be given to those able to start immediately. Interns
will work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining valuable experience and
knowledge of the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Washington, D.C. interns will have the
opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
briefings for the legislative staff.
The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Washington state ties are a plus, but are not required.
Interested applicants should send a current resume and cover letter to
Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.

MEM-096-15

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting
and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned.
The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
Page 5 of 8

communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and three writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject
“Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
MEM-095-15

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this summer.
Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the
legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties.
Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are
strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-094-15

Conservative Republican seeks highly motivated summer intern for DC office.
Successful candidates will be organized, hard-working, and detail-oriented. Intern
will be responsible for assisting staff with legislative and administrative duties
such as greeting visitors, drafting constituent correspondence, answering phones,
and leading Capitol tours. Intern will also have opportunities to attend staff
briefings and committee hearings to gain firsthand knowledge of the legislative
process. The position is unpaid and the intern is responsible for finding housing
in the DC area. Florida ties preferred. If interested, please send a cover letter,
resume, and available dates to fl11internship@gmail.com. No phone calls or
walk-ins, please.

MEM-087-15

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a fulltime or part-time Press and Social Media intern for the Summer of 2015.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to compiling press clips,
monitoring daily news, drafting talking points and press releases, updating social
media and working closely with the communications director. The ideal
candidate will have previous experience in public relations or journalism, possess
strong written communications skills, ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and professional manner. Please note that the internship is unpaid and housing is
not provided, but student can qualify for academic credit depending on the
requirements of the college or university. Interested applicants should e-mail a
cover letter, resume, short writing sample (in the form of a speech or press
release) and dates of availability with "Norton Press Internship" in the subject
line to william.washington@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-086-15

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a fulltime or part-time intern for the Summer of 2015. This is an opportunity to learn
about the inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced
work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting
events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities will include,
Page 6 of 8

but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the
Capitol, conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing
tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and
courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the legislative and governmental
process. To apply, please send a resume, three references, writing sample, and
cover letter to william.washington@mail.house.gov, with the subject ‘Norton
Internship’. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-085-15

A Democratic California Congressman is seeking one intern to join his
Washington, D.C. team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting
immediately and ending in June with the possibility for extension. Candidates
should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide-range of
assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills with close
attention to detail, along with a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: assisting with scheduling, answering phone calls,
attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the
U.S. Capitol. A hard-working intern in our office will eventually move on to
assisting staff with more complex legislative and press-related projects.
Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email resume and cover letter in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-084-15

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking highly
motivated and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for
summer 2015. The internship will be broken down into two sessions, the first
running from mid-May to early July and second from early July until late August.
Candidates will only be allowed to participate in one session. Starting and ending
dates are flexible depending on candidate’s schedule. Candidates should possess
interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, and attention to
detail. Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering
constituent calls, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing
briefings for legislative staff, and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio
ties are preferred. If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to
intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2015 Summer Internship" in the subject line. No
phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-080-15

The office of Congressman Bruce Westerman is seeking full-time interns for
summer 2015. Qualified candidates will be hardworking, motivated self-starters,
detail-oriented, and professional with strong communication and writing skills.
Daily duties as an intern will include, but are not limited to, providing general
constituent services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail,
leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent
correspondence, and attending hearings. Arkansas ties are a plus but not a
requirement. This internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a cover
Page 7 of 8

letter, resume, and brief writing sample to Victoria.Bell@mail.house.gov.

Page 8 of 8

