________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 15, 2024

MEM-309-24 Congressman Josh Harder (CA-9) is seeking motivated legislative interns for
the Fall Session in his Washington, DC office.
Interns will participate in the daily operations, assisting with congressional
hearings, writing memos, answering phones, sorting mail, and supporting staff.
Candidates should exhibit strong work ethic, attention to detail, punctuality, and
excellent writing skills. District ties are preferred but not required. This paid
internship provides valuable experience in government and politics. To apply,
send your resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample as a PDF to
Eli.Aguayo@mail.house.gov by COB on July 26, 2024.
MEM-308-24 Overview: The Office of Congressman Thanedar seeks Legislative Fellows for
an immersive experience in the legislative process this fall. As legislative
fellows, they will be responsible for tasks typically handled by legislative
directors and legislative assistants, including drafting bills, making voting
recommendations, suggesting co-sponsorships, and conducting meetings with
constituents and stakeholders. The program aims to expose fellows to various
aspects of a congressional office and encourage them to pursue broader roles
beyond legislative work.
Responsibilities: Legislative fellows will carry out the following primary duties,
including, among others:
Page 1 of 26

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Tracking and analyzing legislative proposals and providing voting
recommendations
Advance practical policy recommendations and provide co-sponsorship
recommendations
Engage with other policymakers, congressional committees, their staff,
and a broad array of state and community organizations
Observe the activities of congressional committees in which the
Congressman participates, to create inquiries and statements for the
Congressman to utilize during hearings
Propose, and produce legislation for the Congressman’s legislative
portfolio
Write and publish opinion editorials (“op-eds”) on topics related to the
Congressman’s brand
Produce a variety of written content such as one-page briefs,
backgrounders, and general legislative research

Qualities:
• Strong passion for public service and constituents
• Good communication skills, particularly the ability to answer questions
and explain complicated topics cogently
• Excellent writing—and synthesizing abilities
• Ability to stay organized and multitask in a fast-paced environment
• Open mind to adapt to new scenarios, tasks, and flexible duties
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample to
hr.thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line "Legislative Fellowship – Last
Name.”
MEM-307-24 Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) D.C. office seeks interns for the
upcoming Fall 2024 semester. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of
professionalism and maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a team player
with a positive attitude. This position demands the ability to multi-task, strong
organizational skills and must work cooperatively and courteously with others in
a shared space.
Duties include attending hearings and briefings on behalf of the Congresswoman
and legislative staffers, working directly with the communications team on press
strategies, answering telephones, compiling daily press clips relevant to the
office’s priorities, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
administrative assistance to the D.C. staff.
Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South Florida
ties a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants
should submit the below application with a resume and cover letter in a single
PDF file. Cover letter should detail reasons for applying to the position. A
stipend will be given to accepted applicants. Deadline to apply is Sunday, July
Page 2 of 26

28, 2024, by 11:59pmEST. If 50 applicants have applied, applications will close
before the deadline.
Application Link: https://forms.gle/NoS2gNrtSuGZNbqj6
MEM-304-24

The Office of Congressman Brian Mast (R-FL-21), a senior member on the
House Foreign Affairs Committee, is currently accepting applications for parttime internships during the Fall 2024 term at the Washington, D.C. office. The
internship will run from August through mid-December.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting
staff with administrative duties, projects, legislative research and drafting
constituent correspondence.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a
general understanding of the legislative process, and possess strong written and
oral communication skills. Florida ties are not necessary, but preferred. Flexible
with school schedules.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and a brief writing sample in one
PDF to spencer.collins@mail.house.gov. Please use the subject line “Fall 2024
internship.” The application deadline is COB July 26, 2024.

MEM-303-24 The House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight
and Investigations (Democratic Staff) is seeking a Law Clerk for Fall 2024 to
assist in conducting oversight and investigations of issues within the
Committee’s broad jurisdiction. Law Clerks will work closely with
Subcommittee counsel and professional staff on a wide range of issues related to
the environment, energy, health care, and consumer protection sectors. This is a
paid position.
Responsibilities include assisting in the preparation for Congressional hearings;
contributing to the management of investigations of governmental and private
entities; conducting research, document review, and analysis; drafting letters,
memoranda, and investigative reports; and coordinating with other
Subcommittees of the full Committee.
The successful candidate is a current law student or recent law school graduate
who is a detail-oriented and proactive problem-solver with strong
communication and legal research and writing skills. Women, people of color,
veterans, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The office
is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Law
clerks will receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s
assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.

Page 3 of 26

To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C O&I Law
Clerk.” Applications are due on July 29th, 2024.
MEM-302-24 The House Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democratic Staff seeks
a motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time
digital media and traditional press intern position this fall.
The intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling
and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn are a must. This position reports
to the Communications Director. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume
and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
MEM-301-24 Thank you for your interest in the House Energy and Commerce Committee
Democrats internship program. We are currently fielding applications for the
following position(s):
Legislative Intern
The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergrad students and recent graduates for Legislative Interns for the
Fall 2024 session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist
staff with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as
well as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fastpaced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a
sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time
candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
Page 4 of 26

identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly
encouraged to apply. Interns will receive a stipend, and applicants may request
the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your
cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and
whether you are available to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Fall 2024
Legislative Intern Application” in the subject line. The deadline for applications
is July 26, 2024. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-300-24 The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Majority) offers a unique opportunity
to experience first-hand the inner workings of a congressional committee. The
Committee is currently offering a full-time internship position for the Fall
semester.
Intern Role Description
Interns will work closely with Committee staff and have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the legislative process and inner-workings of a
congressional committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced front office,
answering phones, and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting
staff with hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative
research projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Interns may also help out
the press team with media clips, drafting social media posts, and various other
tasks.
How to Apply
Send the below materials to var.internship@mail.house.gov.
1. A cover letter detailing why you would like to be an intern for the House
Committee on Veterans' Affairs, Republican Office
2. A one page resume
Due Dates
• Fall semester internships: 8/2/2024
Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and
possess an energetic, team player attitude and have one year of college
experience. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred.
This is a highly competitive process. Due to the limited amount of space and
resources available, there are usually more qualified applicants than positions
available.

Page 5 of 26

MEM-298-24 Thank you for your interest in interning at my Durham District office or my
Washington, DC office!
Applications for the 2024 Fall Internship program in my Washington, D.C.
Office or Durham District Office are now open.
DC intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending hearings and
briefings on behalf of legislative staffers, supporting staff members with
legislative research and other tasks as assigned, compiling daily press clips for
the Congresswoman, sorting constituent correspondence and drafting responses,
answering phone calls, and greeting visitors to the office.
District intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting research, assisting with constituent casework, engaging in
constituent correspondence, community outreach, and assisting with special
projects at the discretion of the District Director. As a result, the intern will gain
invaluable knowledge about our district and will be an integral part of the
functioning of our District Office.
Full-time interns must work at least 35-40 hours a week, Monday-Friday. Parttime interns must work at least 10-20 hours a week, Monday-Friday, and hours
may be flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis and students are encouraged to
apply early. The due date for applications is July 26. Interested applicants should
email a resume, cover letter, and at least two references to
NC04Resumes@mail.house.gov. Incomplete applications will not be reviewed.
MEM-297-24 The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi(IL-18) is seeking motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individuals for a legislative internship in
Washington, DC for Fall 2024. This internship will be an invaluable opportunity
to dive into the inner workings of Capitol Hill and learn about the legislative
process. This is a stipend-paid position.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple competing tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and
demonstrate a solid work ethic. Candidates with Schaumberg and/or Illinois ties
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting legislative staff with research,
leading Capitol tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the
front office, participating in Committee hearing and markup preparation,
drafting memorandums, and other duties as necessary.

Page 6 of 26

This position is available beginning the last week of August 2024 through midDecember 2024. Interested applicants should fill out the application on our
website at https://krishnamoorthi.house.gov/services/internships. Due to the
large volume of applicants, only those applicants who are selected for interviews
will be contacted.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are
strongly encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-296-24 The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, Fall 2024 Interns
for the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams with
drafting, and other tasks as assigned.
Successful candidates will work well under deadlines, are organized, hardworking, detail-oriented, have excellent customer service skills, and are team
players. Nevada ties are strongly preferred.
Interns will be eligible for a monthly stipend. Interested candidates should send a
resume, cover letter, and 2 writing samples to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with
“Fall 2024 DC Intern - [Last Name], [First Name]” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-295-24 The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is hiring a
legislative intern for Fall 2024. Applications are due by Wednesday, July 31,
2024.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Conducting legislative research
Managing and responding to constituent correspondence
Assisting with Committee events
Attending briefings and hearings for staff
Drafting memos
Providing administrative support, including answering calls and delivering
correspondence
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be
detail-oriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the Committee
and the legislative process. The Committee strongly encourages veterans,

Page 7 of 26

minorities, women, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU
and MSI students to apply.
This full-time or part-time, in-person, paid position is based in Washington, D.C.
Please complete the online application at https://democratsveterans.house.gov/opportunities
MEM-294-24 The Office of Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR-06) is seeking candidates
for a full-time (40 hours a week) ten-week fall internship in our Washington
D.C. office. The preferred dates of this internship are starting in September but
can be flexible.
Interns will get an in-depth look at the operations and functions of a
congressional office, including policy, communications, office operations and
constituent services. Interns will get opportunities to attend hearings and
briefings; assist with constituent services; and research legislation.
Qualifications:
• Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
• Ability to speak courteously with constituents
• Ability to work independently and as a part of a team
• Attention to detail and eagerness to go above and beyond
• Professionalism and demonstrated interest in public service
• OR-06 ties are preferred, but not required
Compensation information:
• Interns may be eligible for a stipend based on demonstrated need.
• Academic credit may be available and should be arranged with your academic
institution.
The Office is an equal employment opportunity employer and, consistent with
the Congressional Accountability Act (“CAA”) and House Rule XXIII, does not
discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, parental status, or any other factor or basis prohibited by
applicable federal law. This means that these factors will not be the basis for any
hiring, discharge, promotion, pay, benefits, or
reassignment decision or action, or any other personnel or job action affecting
the terms, conditions, and privileges of employment. Consistent with the CAA,
the Office may, however, consider party affiliation, domicile, and political
compatibility in making employment decisions.
Application:

Page 8 of 26

We are currently accepting applications for an internship based in Washington
D.C. If interested in a district-based internship, please check Salinas.house.gov
for more information on all internships available.
To apply, please complete the online form:
https://salinas.house.gov/services/internships. Please note that you must include
your resume, cover letter, and a writing sample that is no longer than 2 pages all
in one PDF file. Rolling applications are open until July 26th at 11:59 pm PST.
MEM-293-24 Congressman Emanuel Cleaver’s Washington, D.C. office is seeking fall
interns from September through December. Intern responsibilities vary daily but
typically include sorting constituent mail, answering the phones, attending
hearings and briefings, leading tours, drafting constituent response letters, and
assisting the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have strong written and
interpersonal skills, a positive work ethic, and the ability to manage multiple
tasks at once. The ideal candidate can work a full-time schedule.
To apply, please submit a single PDF containing a cover letter with intended
start and end dates, a resume, and a writing sample to
MO5internships@mail.house.gov. Applications for the fall internship are due by
Monday, July 22nd, at 11:59 pm.
The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-291-24 The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated
candidates for a paid Fall 2024 internship position in our D.C. office.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills,
can multi-task, and is committed to being a team player. Responsibilities will
include answering phones, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the needs of
the Congresswoman’s staff.
The internship will run through the Spring semester, from 9am-6pm when
Congress is in session and from 9am-5pm when Congress is not in session. Ties
to Nevada’s First District are strongly preferred.
The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status. Women, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of
other historically marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
To apply, interested applicants should visit
https://titus.house.gov/services/congressional-internship-application.htm. No
Page 9 of 26

calls or drop-ins, please. Applications will be accepted until Friday, July 26th
with applications considered on a rolling basis.
MEM-289-24 The Office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking
press interns for our Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2024 term.
Our office values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial
environment. We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to
grow. Interns will have great opportunities to learn from office staff and network
with others to make the most of their time with our office!
Intern Expectations
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service;
possess excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and
communication skills; work well in a team environment; and have a general
understanding of the US political system.
Internship Responsibilities
Press interns can expect to:
· Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant in drafting social
media content and other materials like press releases, website content, and
newsletters
· Create graphic design posts for social media
· Compile daily press clips
· Edit video clips
· Maintain press lists
· Answer phones and assist in correspondence as needed.
In our DC office, you can apply to be a Press intern.
Internship Dates and Details:
Fall internships are slated to start late-August/early September and go until mid
December, with some flexibility. Interns are expected to work in person in the
office, Monday-Friday 9 a.m.- 5 p.m. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate
remote or hybrid internships at this time. We will also accept Part-time
applicants if school schedules cause a need for accommodations.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, July 25th .
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter
(in one document) to:
· CA37.internships@mail.house.gov for DC office internship.
o Use the subject line “First name Last name [press] – Fall 2024 internship”
Please reach out our intern coordinator, Madilyn Brandon, with any questions at
Madilyn.Brandon@mail.house.gov.
Page 10 of 26

MEM-286-24

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking an enthusiastic, highly
motivated press/digital intern to work in person in the Washington, DC office
for the Fall Session. Press/Digital Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated
into the day-to-day operations of our office.
They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
communications staff. This includes, but is not limited to attending press
conferences, compiling press clips, drafting social media posts, drafting press
releases, talking points and other written materials, answering phones, and
sorting mail.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual and have strong writing and
editing skills. A working knowledge of digital content creation products (Adobe
Creative Suite, Canva, or equivalent products) is a plus. Preferred applicants have
District ties, though not required. This is a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application on our site: meeks.house.gov/services/internships
with a resume, one-page writing sample and graphic design sample no later than
COB August 9, 2024.

MEM-285-24

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking enthusiastic highly
motivated part time legislative interns to work in person in the Washington, DC
office for the Fall Session. Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into
the day-to-day operations of our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of
responsibilities to assist our legislative and communications staff. This includes
attending congressional hearings, writing memos, administrative tasks, answering
phones, sorting mail, and assisting staff.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and
editing skills. Preferred applicants have District ties, though not required. This is
a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application on our site: meeks.house.gov/services/internships
with a resume, cover letter, up to 2-page writing sample, no later than COB
August 9, 2024.

MEM-283-24

Representative Jim Baird (IN-4) is seeking internship applicants for Fall 2024 in
his Washington, DC office. This is a paid, in-person, invaluable opportunity to
experience the legislative process hands-on through a wide range of tasks and
responsibilities providing support with office administration, communications,
and legislative work.
Responsibilities may include answering phones, greeting office visitors, sorting
mail, conducting legislative research, attending hearings and briefings, giving
Page 11 of 26

tours of the U.S. Capitol, assisting communications staff with press releases and
social media, and drafting constituent letters.
The ideal candidate should have strong oral and written communication skills, be
detail oriented, motivated, and flexible, and address all work with a positive
attitude.
Prior constituent or customer service experience, a demonstrated interest in
public service, and District/Indiana ties are preferred.
The internship will run from late August/early September to mid-December and
can be full-time or part-time to accommodate educational commitments.
Interested applicants should apply and upload a resume through the website at:
https://baird.house.gov/services/internships.htm. Any questions can be directed to
baird.intern@mail.house.gov
MEM-282-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07),
member of the House Judiciary Committee and Chair of the Congressional
Progressive Caucus, is seeking a law clerk to work with her legislative team.
Under the supervision of the office’s Legislative Counsel, the law clerk will
conduct legal and policy research, attend and staff Judiciary Committee hearings,
make vote recommendations, and draft legal and policy memos and other
documents. High-achieving law students interested in public law, policy, politics,
or government service are strongly encouraged to apply.
Law clerks will engage in serious, substantive work across a number of issue
areas, including antitrust enforcement, administrative law reform, civil rights and
civil liberties, court reform and oversight, criminal justice, voting rights, and
intellectual property. The clerkship is unpaid but available for academic credit.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please email a (1) resume, (2) cover letter, (3) writing sample, and (4)
list of three references with email contacts to
Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov. Please send all application documents
in a single PDF file and include “Law Clerk – FirstName Last Name” in the
subject line.

MEM-281-24

The Office of Congresswoman Summer Lee is committed to investing in the next
generation of public leaders and citizen activists. Congressional internships offer
a comprehensive learning opportunity to understand better how congressional
offices and the legislative process work. Both in the Washington, DC, and
Page 12 of 26

District Office, the internship program is designed to be a learning experience in
which students are exposed to various areas including constituent services,
scheduling, office administration, press and communications, and legislative
policy.
Typical duties will include answering phones, leading Capitol tours (Washington,
D.C.-based), researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on a variety of
issues. The ideal candidate for this paid, part-time internship will be teamoriented and have strong written and verbal communication skills.
Students and recent graduates who are interested in the legislative process are
highly encouraged to apply. The Congresswoman is on the Oversight and
Accountability Committee and the Space, Science, and Technology Committee.
Ties to Pennsylvania’s 12th Congressional District are preferred, but not
necessary.
All applicants should apply by July 19, 2024 at:
https://summerlee.house.gov/internships
MEM-279-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking part-time and full-time paid
interns for the Fall 2024 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings,
performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various
projects. Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent
communication skills, a strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public
service and progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by
an outside organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample,
three references, and availability to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with
the subject “First Name.Last Name Internship Application” by Thursday, July
25th.

MEM-277-24

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Fall 2024 internship program.
Page 13 of 26

The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other
congressional offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability to
CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.
MEM-274-24

Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is seeking applicants for the Fall 2024
internship program in his Washington D.C. office. The paid in-person internship
will run September through December.
Internship duties will include (but are not limited to): leading tours of the Capitol,
answering phones, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and other
tasks to assist staff.
The ideal candidate for this internship can carry out independent research and has
strong written and verbal communication skills and attention to detail. Interns
must also have a positive and collaborative attitude.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
on our nation’s legislative process. Ties to Washington are preferred, but not
required. Women, people of color and LGBTQ+ persons are strongly encouraged
to apply.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Danielle
Hall at Danielle.Hall@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2024
Internship.” Cover letters should indicate the applicant’s availability.
Page 14 of 26

Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Applications will be reviewed
on a rolling basis, the deadline to apply is July 21, 2024.
MEM-272-24

Congressman Jared Huffman (CA-02), Ranking Member of the Water, Wildlife,
and Fisheries Subcommittee, is seeking applicants for the fall 2024 internship
program in his Washington D.C. office. Intern responsibilities will vary, and
range from answering phones, compiling press clips, booking and leading tours,
conducting research for legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and
drafting constituent letters on various issues before the House.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals with great
communication and writing skills. California ties are preferred.
Interested college students and recent graduates should email a resume, cover
letter, dates and hours of availability and 2 references to
DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov by Sunday, July 21st at 11:59pm.
Interns will receive a stipend for the semester. This office is an equal opportunity
employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age,
religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. The
office is currently operating with a modified telecommuting policy.

MEM-267-24

The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns for
Fall 2024 (September – December). Applicants must be organized, detail
oriented, and dependable. Above all, we seek candidates who are passionate
about issues within the Natural Resources Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate
exceptional interpersonal skills, and are eager to learn about committee process.
Interns will conduct legislative research, prepare for hearings, assist with
administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid communications.
Primary responsibilities include:
Assisting with administrative duties
Assisting with legislative and policy projects
Researching legislation, regulations, and public law
Assisting with communications and outreach
Responding to request for information
Attending briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the
needs and concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and
orientations. Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and
social inequality in the U.S., and has a passion for working to dismantle these
systems.

Page 15 of 26

The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work inoffice when Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a
monthly stipend of $3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request accommodations at any
time during those processes.
To apply, address your application materials to Rachel Jones at
NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “HNRC Fall Internship
Application – First Name Last Name” by close of business on July 19. Include a
cover letter, resume, a short writing sample, and your availability during the
internship timeframe (September – December).
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates who
are being actively considered for this position.
MEM-265-24

Congressman Cliff Bentz (OR-02) is seeking interns for his Washington D.C.
Office. Congressman Bentz is a member of the House Judiciary Committee and
the House Natural Resources Committee. Ideal candidates will be college
students or recent graduates who are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detailoriented, enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and have customer service experience.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations
and legislative research. Although no two days are the same, an intern may be
expected to answer phones, greet Oregonians, attend policy meetings with other
staff, and assist in managing constituent correspondences and administrative
operations. Interns may also lead tours of the U.S. Capitol and attend committee
hearings.
Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide
valuable experience for future endeavors. The internship will generate the
opportunity to foster excellent connections, learn about many issues affecting our
state and country, gain expertise in any policy areas you might be interested in,
and get a detailed look at what makes the United States the most enduring
democracy in the world.
Desired Availability: Applicants should be able to commit to at least 20 hours per
week. Office hours are 9:00AM – 5:00PM weekdays. The internship is in-person
and paid. All interested applicants are asked to fill out the application form found
on the Congressman’s website: https://bentz.house.gov/services/internships.

Page 16 of 26

MEM-262-24

Congressman Cory Mills’ (FL-07) Washington, D.C. office is currently seeking.
qualified individuals to serve in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall of
2024.
Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office, while gaining
firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with
legislative projects and attending briefings and hearings.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. This is a paid internship.
Please send resumes and cover letter to Milka.jurado2@mail.house.gov

MEM-258-24

The DC office of Representative Yadira Caraveo, M.D. (CO-08) is looking for
Fall 2024 full-time and part-time interns! This internship will run from late
August/mid-September through mid-December/early January and take place in
person in the DC office. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. Intern
schedules can be modified to fit with any classloads.
Successful applicants will be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work
ethic, and interact well with constituents. In addition, applicants should have a
strong interest in the legislative process and the function of Congress. A monthly
stipend will be provided to individuals selected for the internship.
Job Duties:
• Duties in this role include but are not limited to:
• Provide a welcoming environment and a positive first impression of the
office to constituents and visitors to the office
• Handle incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness
• Sort and/or log incoming calls, mail, and electronic correspondence
• Assist with tour and greeting requests
• Assist the Legislative Correspondent/Staff Assistant with research and
preparing official correspondence
• Run errands, draft letters, draft memos for office staff
• Assist with various constituent case work and constituent services
• Attend policy briefings and other informational sessions, then prepare
briefs on the covered information
• Overall assist the DC office team with work as assigned
To apply, please fill out the application though:
https://caraveo.house.gov/services/internships. Please select Fall as your preferred
term and DC as your preferred location. Please indicate
your availability in your cover letter.
Page 17 of 26

Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. If you have any questions, please reach out to Emma
Casey at Emma.Casey@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-256-24

The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle (NY-25) in Rochester, NY,
will be accepting applications for an in-person internship during the 2024 Fall
Semester. Applications will be accepted June 24th – July 22nd.
Interns will be responsible for:
• Completing constituent calls;
• Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations;
• Day-to-day office work;
• Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in
the D.C. office;
• Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent
case work or work on District-based projects of importance.
As a result, interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office,
congressional communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates
should possess excellent communication skills, strong attention to detail, the
ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. New
York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• One-page writing sample
• Dates of availability
For more information on the district internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
Applications should be sent in PDF format to Eric.Gros@mail.house.gov with
“NY-25 Fall 2024 District Internship” in the subject line. The deadline for this
internship application is July 22nd at 11:59pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to
submit their application early. Interview requests will be sent out following the
July 22nd deadline.

MEM-255-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting
applications for an internship during the 2024 Fall term. Applicants must be
based in Washington, D.C. for the duration of the fall internship (late August –
mid December, subject to change).
Page 18 of 26

The hours are flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but generally
run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session (refer to the House Calendar). Interns receive a
stipend distributed based on total hours worked.
In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will vary. Interns will be
responsible for:
• Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations;
• Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly
processing other inquiries;
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests;
• Day-to-day office work to assist with the functioning of the congressional
office and other duties as delegated by members of the staff;
• Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting
constituent letters;
• Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff;
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team;
• Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the
Rochester office;
• Other administrative tasks as assigned.
• As a result, interns will learn about the operations of a congressional
office, congressional
• communications, and the legislative process.
• Ideal candidates should possess excellent written and verbal
communications skills, a strong
• attention to detail, the ability to succeed in a fast-paced work
environment, and a good sense of humor. New York State ties are
preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following:
• Resume
• Cover letter
• Writing sample (ex. policy memo, short essay, etc.) (max. 2 pages)
• Dates of availability
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, current graduate
students, and recent college graduates.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.

Page 19 of 26

Applications should be sent in PDF format to
Savannah.Chadwick@mail.house.gov with “NY-25 Fall 2024 DC Internship” in
the subject line.
The deadline for this internship application is July 22nd at 11:59pm EST.
Applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Interview requests
will be sent out following the July 22nd deadline.
MEM-253-24

Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks press and legislative interns for his
Washington, D.C., office for the Fall 2024 term.
These internships provide an opportunity for undergraduate students, graduate
students, and recent graduates to learn more about the workings of a
Congressional office and the legislative process. Interns should have a general
understanding of the U.S. political system, value open communication, be eager
to grow, and bring a can-do attitude.
Internships last approximately three to four months and are intended to be an
educational experience. Internships are offered for either academic credit or a
stipend. Internship applicants must be high school graduates. Current students
and recent graduates will be given first priority for the internship program.
Legislative intern responsibilities include:
• Attending committee hearings and congressional briefings,
• Conducting policy research and drafting legislative materials,
• Authoring constituent correspondence on a range of policy issues,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and legislative tasks, as directed.
Press intern responsibilities include:
Assisting the Communications Director and Digital Manager/Press Secretary in
drafting and editing social media content, digital graphics, and other digital
materials,
• Drafting press releases, newsletters, remarks, and talking points,
• Compiling daily press clips and maintaining press lists,
• Answering phones and processing mail,
• Leading constituents on tours of the Capitol,
• Working on other administrative and communications-related tasks, as
directed.
Press interns should have strong social media skills and basic familiarity with
graphic design and video editing. Submission of a sample graphic or similar
communications work with your application is strongly encouraged.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
Page 20 of 26

expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees
and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply for an internship with Representative Levin, please email a cover letter,
resume, three references, and a brief writing sample all in one pdf file, with the
file name including internship class, year, last name, and first name (i.e.
Fall2024.Doe.Jane.pdf) to CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by July 15,
2024. Please specify whether you are applying for the press internship or the
legislative internship. Applicants with strong ties to the 49th District are given
preference.
MEM-252-24

The Office of Congresswoman Marilyn Strickland is currently accepting
applications for a fall communications intern. Communications Interns assist
the communications staff by compiling media clips, drafting social media posts
and press releases, creating digital content, answering phones, inputting casework
inquiries, and aiding the Congresswoman’s communications efforts. Experience
working in communications is a plus.
Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can excel in a
fast-paced environment. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal
communication skills, an eye for and ability to create engaging digital content,
and a good sense of humor. Ties to Washington State are preferred, but not
required. Applicants are encouraged to include any previous customer service
experience (retail, food service, hospitality, etc.) on their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and a sample social media post with relevant written and visual
components in a single PDF document to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC
Fall Communications Internship-[LAST NAME]” in the subject line. Please
indicate in the cover letter which internship you are applying for and your dates
of availability.
The deadline for applications is Monday, July 15, 2024, at 5 PM ET, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are
incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not be considered. The internship
will run from September – December.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity,
national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information,
age, military service, or other non-merit factors. Individuals from
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no unsolicited
phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-251-24

The Office of Congresswoman Marilyn Strickland is accepting applications for a
fall legislative intern. Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff by preparing
briefing notes and memos, researching legislation, tracking legislative activity,
Page 21 of 26

providing mail program support, answering phones, inputting casework inquiries,
attending hearings, and advancing the Congresswoman’s legislative agenda.
Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can excel in a
fast-paced environment. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal
communication skills, an ability to manage multiple short-term and stretch
assignments, and a good sense of humor. Ties to Washington State are preferred,
but not required. Applicants are encouraged to include any previous customer
service experience (retail, food service, hospitality, etc.) on their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample not
to exceed one page in length in a single PDF document to
WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Fall Legislative Internship-[LAST
NAME]” in the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship
you are applying for and your dates of availability. The internship will run from
September – December.
The deadline for applications is Monday, July 15, 2024, at 5 PM ET, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their applications early. Applications that are
incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity,
national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information,
age, military service, or other non-merit factors. Individuals from
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no unsolicited
phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-249-24

The D.C. office of Congressman Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications
for paid legislative internships for the fall semester.
The ideal candidate will have excellent communication and written skills, interest
in the legislative process, resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fast-paced
environment. Ties to the Bay Area or California are preferred, but not required.
Responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislative issues, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and hearings, recommending
legislation to the Congressman, and other tasks as assigned. The Fall term begins
mid- to late-August and will end early- to mid-December with flexible start and end
dates. Work will be in-person and is compensated at $15 per hour.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as one
PDF to MullinInternships@gmail.com. Email subject line should follow the
following format: LastName, FirstName – Fall Legislative Internship.
Additionally, please note your availability and any ties to the Bay Area or
California in the body of your email. The deadline to apply is July 22nd, 2024. Due
Page 22 of 26

to the large volume of applicants, only those applicants who are selected for
interviews will be contacted.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-246-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for the fall of 2024. This is an in-person opportunity with limited hybrid
hours possible. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of Representatives
and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fast-paced office.
Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and stipends are offered
based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District
are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible. Applications are reviewed on
a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
· Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
· Strong communications and writing skills.
· Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
· Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
· Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
· Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
· Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
· Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
· Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
· Resume.
· Cover letter.
· Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

MEM-245-24

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Fall Legislative Internship

Page 23 of 26

Internships are based in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office for
college students and recent graduates and will be in person. Hours are flexible to
accommodate students’ course schedules, but generally run from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
The Legislative Internship is paid via monthly stipend.
Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
*Drafting constituent correspondence
*Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
*Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
*Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
*Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall
Legislative Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and
compile all application materials into one PDF document.
MEM-238-24

Congresswoman Doris Matsui, representing the 7th Congressional District of
California, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C. and District (Sacramento)
offices. Interns will have a unique opportunity to learn about the legislative process
first-hand and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include answering phones and data entry.
Washington DC interns may be asked to assist in researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending briefings, hearings, and markups; and
answering constituent letters on various issues. Interns based in California may also
be asked to assist on a variety of constituent casework or in-district projects, as
needed.
To apply, please visit the “Internships” page of Congresswomen Matsui’s official
website and complete the application
form: https://matsui.house.gov/services/internships. As part of the application, a
cover letter, resume, and 2 writing samples are required. Ties to California’s 7th
District are preferred, but not required. All applications are considered on a rolling
basis.

MEM-231-24

The Washington, D.C., Office of Congressman Adam B. Schiff (CA-30) is seeking
professional, enthusiastic, and hardworking interns to assist staff with
administrative and legislative work.
The Fall 2024 term runs from September through November and is open to
Page 24 of 26

undergraduate students and recent college graduates. Interns typically work three
days per week, with flexibility to accommodate class schedules. Interns will receive
a stipend. Academic credit is also available.
Responsibilities
• Front office duties, including answering telephones, sorting mail, greeting visitors,
and assisting with the Congressman’s meetings
• Compiling press clips and assisting the communications team
• Processing and drafting responses to constituent correspondence
• Attending briefings and conducting policy research as requested by legislative
staff
• Performing various other tasks to ensure the office functions smoothly
To Apply
All applicants should apply by July 15 at 11:59 p.m.
at https://schiff.house.gov/help/internships
Please note that we always receive more applications than we can accommodate
and that applicants with ties to the 30th District are given preference. Candidates
from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
MEM-195-24

Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his Salem office and
Washington D.C. office.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, current graduate
students, and recent college graduates. Interns receive a stipend distributed based on
total hours worked.
D.C. RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail.
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman.
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
•Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research.
DISTRICT RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
•Assisting the Casework Team on a variety of casework requests involving federal
agencies.
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
•Assembling press and news clips.
Page 25 of 26

•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research and attending community events.
APPLICATIONS
Applicants can access the application here:
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd1NOVxgvmGvGyH_1u4e35RUkwe
WU24Rmu7gA0Y3HOxKXTkjQ/viewform
Applicants can find more information on the internship portal at moulton.house.gov
under the ‘Services’ tab. All applications are due on July 15th, 2024, and will be
reviewed after the application period closes.
If you have trouble accessing the application form above or have other questions,
please email Bridget Pegg (bridget.pegg@mail.house.gov)

Page 26 of 26

