________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
______________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 7, 2014
MEM-175-14

The Office of Congresswoman Maxine Waters (CA-43) is seeking a
full-time or part-time press and social media intern for the summer of
2014 in her Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include, but
are not limited to compiling press clips, monitoring daily news, drafting
talking points and press releases, updating social media and working
closely with the communications director. The ideal candidate will
have previous experience in public relations or journalism, possess
strong written communications skills, ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and professional manner. Please note that the internship is
unpaid and housing is not provided, but student can qualify for
academic credit depending on the requirements of the college or
university. Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume,
short writing sample (in the form of a speech or press release) and dates
of availability with "Summer Press Intern 2014" in the subject line to
latoya.veal@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-174-14

The Office of Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur (OH-09) is currently
Page 1 of 10

seeking candidates for an internship in her Washington, D.C. office for
summer 2014. Candidates must be highly motivated and self-driven,
with skills in communication, organization, and time management. Ties
to the Ninth Congressional district of Ohio are preferred, but not
required. Please note that housing is not provided during the duration of
the internship.
Intern duties will include, but are not limited to: answering phones,
sorting mail, aiding in event planning, conducting research and
compiling information for the Member and legislative staff, and
attending hearings and briefings. Interns will have the opportunity to
gain first-hand knowledge of the workings of a Congressional office, to
learn about the legislative process, and to network on the Hill.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and writing
sample to KapturIntern@mail.house.gov, with “Spring Internship” or
“Summer Internship” in the subject line. In your cover letter, please
address your times and dates of availability.
MEM-173-14

Internships are currently available in Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren’s
(D-CA) Washington, D.C. office for the 2014 Spring Semester.
Congresswoman Lofgren represents the 19th Congressional District,
which lies in the heart of California’s “Silicon Valley”.
Interns will receive a well-rounded experience in this office and will
have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a busy
Congressional office and gain invaluable work experience.
Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and
briefings, researching legislation for legislative staff, answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House, and assisting
staff with projects as needed.
Applicants should be enthusiastic, reliable, hardworking, and should
possess excellent writing skills and the ability to function in a fastpaced environment. Full-time and part-time internship positions are
available. Part-time interns must work at least three full days a
week. Internships are unpaid. California ties are preferred but not
required.
Internships begin immediately and run through May or June 2014.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to the
Intern Coordinator at Angela.Ebiner@mail.house.gov.

MEM-171-14

The Office of Congressman Reid Ribble is seeking qualified candidates
to intern in our Washington, D.C. office for the summer of 2014.
Page 2 of 10

We are interested in candidates of all academic disciplines.
Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office
administration, legislative research, constituent correspondence, and
other duties as assigned.
Administration will include daily tasks such as welcoming guests,
being aware of the Congressman’s and staff’s schedules, answering
phones, constituent tours, mail administration, and other duties.
Legislative research and constituent correspondence will include being
aware of current and pending legislation, researching legislation for
constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills,
strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work
independently, and the drive to take the initiative in a fast-paced
environment.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send resume,
writing samples, and references to jeffrey.kuckuck@mail.house.gov
MEM-170-14

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democrats is
currently seeking graduate and legal interns and fellows, for summer
2014, to work with education policy staff. Legislative tasks may
include, but are not limited to, legislative research, assembling
information, assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and
execution, memo and legislative writing, and attending other hearings,
markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of taking
notes. Applicants should be able to start in April/May and commit
through July. Interested applicants should email their application
materials to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please include with your
resume, a cover letter, the internship applicant information form and
two short, relevant writing samples. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more
information.

MEM-169-14

Progressive Minnesota Congressional office seeks interns to start
immediately, interested in learning about the operations of a
Congressional office, current events as they relate to Congressional
activity, federal legislation and legislative issues, and constituent
services.
Responsibilities include: attending briefings and hearings, welcoming
guests to the office, organizing and sorting constituent comments,
writing responses to constituent letters, and assisting Congressional
staff in other duties and errands as assigned. Applicants should have
very strong written and verbal communications skills, the ability to
Page 3 of 10

multi-task and stay organized, and a keen interest in learning the
operations of a Congressional office. Minneapolis, Minnesota, or
Midwestern ties are preferred.
Full-time (30 hrs/week) and part time opportunities are available
starting immediately. Hours are flexible. Please send cover letter,
resume, short writing sample, and two references to Isaiah.kirshnerbreen@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Intern Application.
MEM-168-14

Illinois Representative John Shimkus is looking for current college
students for a Congressional internship from April to the end of
May. These internships are available now on either a full-time or parttime basis. Qualified candidates will be highly organized, prompt,
responsible, and ready to work in a fast paced environment. Strong
oral and communication skills are a must. Daily duties will include
assisting staff, answering phones, organizing mail, giving tours of the
Capitol Building, and attending hearings and briefings for legislative
staff. Interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience and further
their understanding of the legislative process. Illinois ties are preferred
but not necessary. All interested applicants should e-mail their resume
and/or cover letter to midwestinternship@gmail.com

MEM-167-14

The DC and District office of Congressman John Conyers, Jr.,
representing Michigan’s 13th district, is looking for current college
students to serve as part-time or full-time interns for summer 2014.
This is an opportunity to learn about the inner-workings of a
congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment.
The internship provides access to briefings and interesting events
related to a wide range of important issues. Interns will be responsible
for:
 Assisting with congressional projects,
 Drafting constituent correspondence,
 Preparing staff for briefings,
 Researching topics for floor speeches,
 Evaluating legislation,
 Answering calls,
 Sorting mail,
 Giving Capitol tours,
 And tracking constituent casework.
All interns will be given the opportunity to research a topic of your
choice and submit your findings with policy recommendations to the
staff.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume and two
Page 4 of 10

professional references to yvesner.zamar@mail.house.gov with the
Subject: Congressional Internship | Summer 2014. In your cover letter,
please address the following:
 Reason that you’re interested in interning for Congressman
John Conyers, Jr.
 Issue areas that interest you
 Any relevant experience, coursework, or affiliations, if any
 Specify which office DC (Capitol Hill) or District (Detroit)
 Your availability for Summer 2014
MEM-166-14

Energetic NY Freshman Democrat is seeking highly motivated
candidates for a part-time, unpaid internship in his Washington, DC
office to begin immediately. Candidates should possess a professional
and courteous demeanor, interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, the ability to multi-task, attention to detail, and a
sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office
duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work
experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume,
cover letter, and a short writing sample to
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer. No
calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-165-14

Congressman Jerry McNerney (CA-09) is currently accepting
applications for internship positions in his Washington D.C. office.
This unpaid internship will provide valuable hands-on experience in a
Congressional office and a greater understanding of the legislative
process.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, attending
Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol, conducting
research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing tour and
flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and
courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to
multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the legislative
and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. All majors are encouraged
to apply. Ties to California’s Ninth Congressional District are
preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume
and cover letter to nick.sullivan@mail.house.gov with “CA-09
Internship” in the subject line. Include dates of availability.

MEM-164-14

A Democratic California Congressman is seeking highly motivated
Page 5 of 10

interns to join his Washington, DC office for a part or full time unpaid
internship for the summer term (May-August). Candidates should be
organized, professional, quick learners, and team players. Strong oral
and written communication skills and close attention to detail are
important. Main responsibilities include but are not limited to assisting
staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing
memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag
requests. Candidates with California ties and previous internship/work
experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume
and cover letter to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-163-14

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Carolyn McCarthy
(NY-04) is currently seeking interns for the 2014 summer semester.
Qualified candidates must possess an interest in the legislative process,
excellent writing and communication skills, and a desire to work in the
fast-paced environment of Capitol Hill. Ideal candidates will be
professional, dependable, highly-motivated, and adept at multi-tasking.
Responsibilities will include – but are not limited to – communicating
with constituents via phone, drafting constituent correspondence,
performing research requests, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, and
administrative work. Interns will also work closely with staff and have
the opportunity to attend briefings, hearings, and other events on
Capitol Hill.
Students or recent graduates with ties to New York State – especially
the Fourth Congressional District and Long Island – are encouraged to
apply. Full- and part-time candidates will be considered. The internship
is unpaid.
To apply, please send a cover letter which includes your weekly
availability, a résumé, and a short 1-2 page writing sample to Marcus
Garza at Marcus.Garza@mail.house.gov with “summer 2014
internship” in the subject line.

MEM-162-14

The Office of Congressman McClintock (CA-04) is seeking full or
part-time summer interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants
should possess conservative values, as well as strong written and verbal
communication skills. Interns will gain first-hand experience in the
operation and management of a Congressional office. Internship duties
include attending Congressional hearings, leading U.S. Capitol tours,
answering phones, managing constituent mail database, drafting
constituent correspondence, and assisting legislative staff with research.

Page 6 of 10

Those with ties to California are encouraged to apply. Interested
applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter summarizing their interest in working for Congressman
McClintock to Rachel.Long@mail.house.gov. Please use “2014
Summer Internship” in the subject line. No phone calls, drop-ins, or
faxes please.
MEM-161-14

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (D-FL) is seeking a highly-motivated,
self-starting and detail-orientated individual to begin immediately in his
internship program. Opportunities include answering phones,
processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
researching legislative issues, attending congressional
hearings/briefings/seminars, and assisting in administrative operations.
The internship is unpaid. Work may qualify for academic credit,
depending on the requisites of the college or university.
Please e-mail your cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to
Christian Sy at christian.sy@mail.house.gov

MEM-160-14

The office of Congressman Jeff Denham (CA-10) seeks a motivated,
organized, reliable and detail-oriented college student or recent
graduate for a full- or part-time paid press internship in Washington,
D.C. The press intern will assist the communications director in
drafting statements and releases, creating graphics, compiling daily
clips, preparing remarks and implementing social media strategies.
Press intern may also assist other staff with various tasks, including
answering phones, conducting tours and doing legislative research.
Ideal candidate will have a thorough knowledge of AP style, strong
writing skills and graphic design experience. Familiarity with Spanish
language preferred but not required.
Please send your resume, cover letter and a brief writing sample to
Jordan.langdon@mail.house.gov.

MEM-159-14

Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-03) is looking for unpaid
summer interns for his Washington D.C. office, available to start in
May and lasting through August. Applicants should possess
conservative values, be personable, and have strong writing
skills. Duties include performing administrative tasks, attending
Congressional hearings, leading Capitol tours for constituents, and
helping legislative staff with research on important projects. Interns
will also have the opportunity to work on issues that interest him or
her. This position is great for Capitol Hill experience. Start and end
dates are negotiable and both part/full-time positions are
available. Interested applicants should send resume and brief cover
letter summarizing their interest in working for Rep. Luetkemeyer to
Page 7 of 10

Lucas.West@mail.house.gov with “Summer Internship” as the
subject.
MEM-158-14

Congressman Jerry McNerney (CA-09) is currently accepting
applications for internship positions in his Washington D.C. office.
This unpaid internship will provide valuable hands-on experience in a
Congressional office and a greater understanding of the legislative
process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, attending
Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol, conducting
research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing tour and
flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and
courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to
multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the legislative
and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. All majors are encouraged
to apply. Ties to California’s Ninth Congressional District are
preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume
and cover letter to nick.sullivan@mail.house.gov with “CA-09
Internship” in the subject line. Include dates of availability.

MEM-157-14

Moderate Democrat from California is currently seeking qualified
applicants to join office as unpaid legislative interns and fellows for
Spring and Summer 2014 policy to assist with health
policy. Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative
process and have a desire to learn while being a part of a hardworking
team. Ideal candidates will possess strong writing and verbal
communication skills, a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, the
ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to, legislative
research, assembling information, memo and legislative writing, and
attending hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of
taking notes. Applicants should be able to start in April/May and
commit through July. Internship may lead to paid
opportunities. Interested applicants should email their resume and
cover letter to Info.CA35@mail.house.gov.

MEM-156-14

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene, representing the 1st congressional
district of Washington state, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C.
office. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining
valuable experience and knowledge of the United States
Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and
handling constituent phone calls, assisting staff with administrative
tasks, conducting research, and assisting with constituent
correspondence. Interns will have the opportunity to lead tours of the
Page 8 of 10

U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and briefings for the legislative
staff. The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral
communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a
strong interest in public service. Washington state ties are a plus, but
are not required. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to
internship.delbene@mail.house.gov.
MEM-155-14

The office of Congresswoman Susan Davis (CA-53) has an immediate
opening for interns in Washington, DC on a full or part-time basis.
Qualified candidates must be highly motivated, well-organized, detailoriented, and possess excellent communication skills. The ability to
work in teams and use good judgment is critical. Duties will include
helping staff with correspondence and research, greeting guests,
answering phones, scheduling tours and assisting with other frontoffice duties. Interns will also be able to work on projects and attend
briefings based on their policy interests. Proficiency in Microsoft
Office is required. All interested applicants should send a cover letter,
resume, and writing sample to CA53DCInternApp@mail.house.gov.

MEM-154-14

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democrats is
currently seeking graduate and legal interns and fellows, for summer
2014, to work with labor policy staff. Legislative tasks may include,
but are not limited to, legislative research, assembling information,
assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution, memo
and legislative writing, and attending other hearings, markups, briefings
and meetings for the purpose of taking notes. Applicants should be
able to start in April/May and commit through July. Interested
applicants should email their application materials to
jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please include with your resume, a
cover letter, the internship applicant information form and two short,
relevant writing samples. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more
information.

MEM-153-14

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her
Washington, D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during
the Summer 2014 term. Applicants should have a familiarity with the
legislative process and have a desire to learn while being a part of a
hardworking team. Ideal candidates will possess strong writing and
verbal communication skills, a demonstrated interest in legislative
issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an
enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist staff
with legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings,
draft memos, sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours.
Candidates with Maryland ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please
email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a brief and
Page 9 of 10

relevant writing sample (maximum one page) by March 24th to
internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
MEM-151-14

A Western Democratic Congressional Office seeks a motivated,
organized, and reliable college student or recent graduate wishing to
gain Capitol Hill experience for a full/part-time, 10-week, unpaid press
internship in Washington, D.C.
The press intern will help create graphics, develop press lists, send
clips, prepare speeches, draft statements, and social media content.
Please send a single PDF file containing your resume, cover letter, and
a brief writing sample (preferably a press release or speech excerpt)
to NV04internships@gmail.com.
Please include in the body of the email a 3-5 sentence pitch for
yourself: Why do you want to work on the Hill? Why should we
choose you?

MEM-150-14

Senior, Progressive, Democratic Member has an opening for a paid
Legislative Fellow to assist the legislative staff with education,
women, tax, immigration, and veterans’ issues. This is not an entrylevel opportunity.
Ideal candidates are strong writers, with the ability to learn quickly,
multi-task, and work independently in a fluid environment. In
particular, applicants with great interpersonal skills and good humor are
welcome. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Please email a cover letter and resume to leg.job@mail.house.gov.
Applicants should be available to begin work immediately; no phone
calls, faxes, or drop-ins, please.

Page 10 of 10

