________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 4, 2019

MEM-063-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman John Rose (TN-6) is currently
seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships. Interns will learn about
the legislative process from a knowledgeable and dedicated legislative team.
Intern responsibilities include conducting Capitol tours, answering phones,
assisting staff with legislative research projects, and attending congressional
committee hearings. Interns can also expect to be assigned special projects as
directed by senior staff. Tennessee ties are preferred. Please send your resume,
and cover letter to Zachary.Colona@mail.house.gov.

MEM-053-19

The Republican staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for spring 2019 Interns. The dates of the internship will be March 1,
2019 through May 31, 2019. We are seeking individuals who are dependable,
politically conservative, professional, and who have a strong work ethic and
positive attitude. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support
by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Page 1 of 11

Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional
and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. These materials should be in PDF format. Please
visit republicans-budget.house.gov for the application and more information.
MEM-051-19

Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) has Spring 2019 openings for full and parttime congressional interns for her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be
motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning
immediately, and a preference for those who can stay at least three months.
Pennsylvania ties are a plus but are not required. Intern responsibilities include
answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and
faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas.
Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written
communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a
good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged
to apply.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date
and availability to wild.interns@gmail.com.

MEM-050-19

Congressman John Ratcliffe’s office is seeking intelligent and hardworking
individuals for their Spring internship program. Responsibilities would include
giving Capitol tours, greeting visitors, answering the phone, sorting and logging
constituent mail, and assisting in various administrative tasks. The internship is
unpaid. Texas ties are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should
email their resume to tx04internship@gmail.com.

MEM-047-19

Congressman Bill Posey (FL-08) is currently seeking highly motivated and
organized applicants for full-time internships for Summer 2019. Candidates
should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills,
attention to detail, and a positive attitude. Responsibilities will mostly include,
but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol,
constituent correspondence, legislative research, and performing various
administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred, but are not required. If interested,
please send a resume and cover letter to FL08.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-045-19

Congressman John Carter (TX-31) is currently searching for applicants for fulltime and part-time internships for Spring 2019 in his Washington D.C. office.
Page 2 of 11

Intern responsibilities include assisting the staff with general office duties, sorting
through mail, flag requests, Boy Scout letters, giving capitol tours, and assisting
legislative staff with writing and research. Applicants must possess strong written
and oral communication skills, be able to work well in a team environment and
must have a minimum 3.0 GPA. Candidates with strong Texas ties are preferred.
All interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
CarterInformation@mail.house.gov

MEM-044-19

The office of Congressman Jim Costa (D-CA) is currently seeking an unpaid
Intern for the Spring Semester. This is an excellent opportunity for
college students or recent graduates who want Hill experience. Interns will be
expected to assist legislative staff, while also performing administrative tasks
such as answering phones, sorting mail, etc. Individuals who are motivated,
dependable, and have good communication skills are encouraged to apply.
Potential schedules may be determined upon interview, but a minimum
commitment of 32 hours per week is requested; the position will begin on March
8th.
Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, and responsible, possess the
ability to multi-task and a good
sense of humor is always a plus. California ties are preferred but not required.
Please send your resume, cover letter, a writing sample (no more than 3 pages),
and your dates of availability to californiamoderate@gmail.com.

MEM-041-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Frank Lucas (OK-3) is seeking
candidates for full-time or part-time internships for Summer of 2019. Interns
will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand
knowledge of the legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol
tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending
briefings and hearings, and working on special projects. Oklahoma ties are
strongly preferred. Please send your resume and cover letter to
mitchell.wilkinson@mail.house.gov, with "Internship Application" in the subject
line.

Page 3 of 11

MEM-040-19

The Republican Staff of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, the chief
investigative body of the House of Representatives, seek full- and part-time
interns and law clerks for the spring and summer. Interns and law clerks will
work with the Oversight/Investigations, Policy, and Press teams, conducting
research for hearings, drafting letters, compiling press clippings, meeting with
stakeholders, and assisting with administrative duties, among other
responsibilities. They must be self-starters, strong writers, well organized, and
detail-oriented, as they will balance multiple, often disparate, projects
corresponding with the broad jurisdiction of the Committee. Previous experience
on Capitol Hill desired, but not required. Knowledge of or interest in the
legislative process, particularly congressional oversight, is a plus. Interested
individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
oversight.committee@mail.house.gov. Please place “INTERN,” “PRESS
INTERN,” or “LAW CLERK” in the subject line. Applications will be reviewed
on a rolling basis.

MEM-034-19

Position: California Republican seeks Winter/Spring 2019 Intern
Description: California Republican is currently accepting applications for
full/part-time interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly
qualified candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the
office, intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the
phones, give tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent
communication, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and
attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid but the
office will provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic
credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should email
a resume and cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.

MEM-033-19

The Committee on House Administration Democratic staff is currently seeking
full-time and part-time interns for the 2019 Spring semester. This internship will
begin immediately, lasting through May of 2019. Interns will have various
responsibilities in assisting staff with administrative duties, franking, and
legislative research.
Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting franking
Page 4 of 11

requests, compiling hearing materials, assisting with front office duties, and
assisting the committee’s Elections Counsels.
Candidates must exhibit strong writing, communication, research, and
organizational skills. Please send a resume, and brief writing sample in PDF
format to Sydney.burns@mail.house.gov with “Congressional Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-032-19

Legislative Fellow: Women’s Issues. Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI14) seeks a full-time Legislative Fellow for Women’s Issues in her Washington,
DC office. Duties include: conducting policy research and tracking legislation,
preparing memos for staff and the Member, liaising with stakeholders, and
organizing events for the Democratic Women’s Working Group and the
Bipartisan Women’s Caucus. The ideal candidate will possess policy experience,
an understanding of the legislative process, strong communication skills, and the
ability to work well in a fast-paced environment. Applicants may receive
academic credit and are encouraged to seek any necessary fellowship support
from their academic institution or organization; Master’s and PhD students are
encouraged to apply.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
MI14district@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-031-19

The Republican staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for spring 2019 Interns. The dates of the internship will be March 1,
2019 through May 31, 2019. We are seeking individuals who are dependable,
politically conservative, professional, and who have a strong work ethic and
positive attitude. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support
by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional
and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. These materials should be in PDF format. Please
visit republicans-budget.house.gov for the application and more information.

Page 5 of 11

MEM-028-19

The Office of Congressman Austin Scott (GA-08) is seeking interns for the
Washington D.C. office during the Spring 2019 term. Responsibilities include,
but are not limited to, answering phones, giving tours of the U.S. Capitol,
attending briefings, conducting research on legislation, assisting with constituent
correspondence and supporting the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will
possess excellent writing and communication skills, the ability to work in a fastpaced environment, and a strong attention to detail. Georgia are ties preferred, but
not required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
Abby.Wainright@mail.house.gov

MEM-023-19

The office of Congressman Pete Stauber MN-08 is seeking qualified intern
applicants for both Spring and Summer of 2019. Interns will assist the legislative
and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Full time interns are
preferred but we will accept applicants that wish to work part-time as well.
Minnesota ties are preferred but not required to apply. If you are interested send a
1 page cover letter and resume to sam.kaardal@mail.house.gov with
“Spring/Summer Internship Application” as the subject. If you would like to learn
more about Congressman Stauber you can visit his website.

MEM-021-19

The Office of Congressman Matt Gaetz (R-FL) is seeking interns for the spring
semester in Washington, DC office. Although all internships in all offices are
unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. Our interns' responsibilities are
varied but substantive. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation
for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, run errands,
and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Congressman
Gaetz serves on the Armed Services Committee, Judiciary Committee, and the
Budget Committee. Interns will be able to get a broad perspective of these issue
areas and the federal government in action. As a result, interns learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session. Students will leave the internship with a greater
understanding of how a Congressional office works, how constituent
relationships are forged and maintained, and how the legislative process works.
Students should be highly motivated, ready to learn, and eager to work in a fastpaced environment. Please apply by emailing your resume and a cover letter to
alexis.dejarnette@mail.house.gov

Page 6 of 11

MEM-010-19

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Summer 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties
are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please. Applications
must be received by COB March 1st. To apply, email a single PDF including
your resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and cover letter listing your availability to
FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-008-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is
seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming spring
semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and
communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases,
answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability
to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political
process and congressional affairs. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of
availability to PA13.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “ Your Name – DC Internship
Application” OR “ Your Name – DISTRICT Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please note which office you will be applying with in the subject
line.

MEM-002-19

The Office of Congressman Anthony G. Brown (D-MD04) seeks legislative
interns with excellent oral and written communication skills for Spring 2019 in
the Washington, D.C. Office. Responsibilities include compiling research on bills
and various issue areas, attending committee hearings and briefings, drafting
correspondence and memos, and completing other projects and duties as assigned
by the legislative team. Applicants must be able to work both in a group setting
and independently. Candidates should have strong organizational skills, a positive
attitude and a willingness to learn. Qualified applicants should submit a cover
letter, resume, and a writing sample to both hannah.cooper@mail.house.gov and
ann.mathew@mail.house.gov with “MD04 Spring Internship” in the subject line.
Maryland ties preferred, but not required. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-001-19

Rep.-elect Antonio Delgado (NY-19) is seeking applicants for a full-time press
internship for Winter/Spring 2019. Applicants will ideally be available to work
from 8:30 am - 4:30 pm Monday-Friday. Responsibilities will include tracking
press coverage, monitoring and drafting social media content, updating and
maintaining press contact lists, writing press releases, and other research duties as
Page 7 of 11

needed. New York ties are a plus. Please send your resume and cover letter with
the subject line "Press Internship" to pressresumesny19@gmail.com as soon as
possible, but no later than close of business on Tuesday, January 8th.
MEM-514-18

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks
a Communications Intern to assist with the Committee’s press operations.
Additionally, this intern will be critical to the daily operation of the office and
assist with standard administrative duties. The ideal candidate will be detailoriented, creative, able to work under tight deadlines, reliable, and have excellent
writing and communications skills. Familiarity with social media is strongly
desired.
This is a paid, full-time position. Please send resume, cover letter, and writing
sample to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov with “Communications Intern” in the
subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-359-18

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently
seeking undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for the Spring of 2019.
Specifically, we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal
interns and fellows for the education policy team and graduate and legal interns
and fellows for the labor policy team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that
support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include,
but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing
including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup
preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and
meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft
legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and
staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily
news clips. Applicants should be able to start in January and commit through
April/May. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and
internship applicant information form to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. If you
are applying for a graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short,
relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
Applicants should aim to submit their materials by November 2, 2018.

Page 8 of 11

MEM-316-18

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office in August. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter
and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 9 of 11

Page 10 of 11

Page 11 of 11

