________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 20, 2023

MEM-602-23

Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C.
Office for Spring 2024.
Applicants should be undergraduate students, graduate students, or postsecondary graduates with an interest in public service. Interns assist with front
desk operations, including greeting guests and constituents, answering the phone,
and processing other inquiries. Additionally, interns assist staff with
communications and legislative work through attending briefings and hearings,
researching legislative topics, compiling press clips, and various communications
tasks.
Ideal candidates are self-starters who are dependable with excellent writing and
organizational skills. Start and end dates are flexible, and the internship will run
from January through May. Our Office will consider both full-time and part-time
applicants.
Our Office is an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, military status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Special consideration will be
given to candidates with New Jersey ties and to those from backgrounds that are
traditionally underrepresented in Congress.
To apply, please visit fill out the application and submit a resume and cover letter
through this link: https://menendez.house.gov/services/internships
Page 1 of 20

Please indicate your availability in your cover letter and format the files
[LastName_CoverLetter] and [LastName_Resume].
MEM-601-23

The Office of Congressman Greg Casar (TX-35) is currently seeking candidates
for paid internship for the Spring 2024 term. Spring internships are part-time and
in-person in our Washington, DC office. Ties to the District, Texas, and Spanish
language fluency are preferred but not required. Applications are due by
November 30, 2023.
Internships in our office are paid $15/hour at the close of each month. A fall
internship is at least 20 hours per week, five days a week from 9:00 AM to 6:00
PM ET. Schedule is flexible to accommodate students enrolled in academic
courses.
DUTIES
The internship provides a valuable opportunity to contribute to the daily
operations of a congressional office and gain first-hand experience with the
legislative process.
Interns are critical to the operations of a congressional office. Various intern
responsibilities may include but are not limited to: greeting guests, answering
phones, logging constituent phone calls, email inbox, opening and sorting mail,
drafting constituent letters, performing legislative research, leading Capitol tours,
assisting staff with events, meetings, communications tasks, and various day-today office tasks.
QUALIFIED APPLICANT REQUIREMENTS
The ideal candidate will be dependable, professional, detail-oriented, an efficient
multitasker, a proactive problem-solver, be comfortable interacting and speaking
on the phone with the public. Successful internship candidates should:
● Be at least 18 years of age.
● Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
● Possess a professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting
with visitors, constituents, and staff members in a fast-paced, highly dynamic
environment.
● Possess effective skills for verbal and written communications.
● Possess effective teamwork skills, flexibility, willingness to learn new skills,
and the ability to support the needs of multiple team members and leaders in the
office.
● Possess time management skills including the ability to prioritize and track
work status.
HOW TO APPLY
Our office is committed to building a team with diverse lived experiences that
equips our team to serve the Texas 35th district. Candidates are encouraged to
apply and describe in their cover letter how their experience translates to the role

Page 2 of 20

and needs of the office. Application deadline is November 30, 2023, at 12
midnight ET/ 11 pm CT. Interested applicants should:
1. Fill out an application in this link:
https://airtable.com/appDJlUyTaIr68tCa/pagbsZ2mJQ8rnxhDq/form
2. In the application link, submit one combined PDF of a resume, cover letter,
contact information of 2-3 references, and a brief writing sample (no more than
three pages).
NOTE: Due to the large volume of applicants, only applicants selected for
interviews will be contacted.
The Office of Congressman Greg Casar is an equal opportunity employer; we do
not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression,
national origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital status,
sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal
law. Applicants with disabilities who require a reasonable accommodation to
participate in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes. Proof of COVID-19
vaccination and A booster will be requested.
MEM-600-23

Congressman Gabe Amo’s (RI-01) Pawtucket office is seeking interns for the
Spring 2024 session. Interns would be expected to start in early to mid-January.
These internships provide students with an opportunity to learn more about the
workings of a congressional district office and to see the constituent service
process first-hand. Interns will be expected to answer phones, sort mail, assist
constituents, conduct research, write memos, and draft constituent letters on
various issues and other matters as assigned.
Applicants with Rhode Island ties and of diverse backgrounds are highly
encouraged to apply. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender
identity), disability, age, or national origin.
To apply please send a copy of your resume, cover letter, and a writing sample
to sabina.mercado@mail.house.gov by 9:00am on Monday, December 4 with the
subject line “Intern Application - Full Name.” Please no phone calls or walk-ins
regarding the status of your application.

MEM-599-23

Rep. Katie Porter (CA-47) seeks highly motivated interns for her DC office
spring internship program. The duration of this internship is expected to start in
January and we are open to end dates in April and May. The ideal candidate is
highly organized, able to multitask, and has strong written and verbal
communication skills.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
• Answer incoming phone calls to log opinions, connect staffers to outside
Page 3 of 20

stakeholders, and direct callers to appropriate resources
• Enter and organize incoming constituent messages from mail and voicemail into
the IQ database
• Draft form letters responding to constituent concerns
• Respond to constituent messages through phone calls or emails as needed
• Assist legislative team with researching data and information
• Compile draft meeting memos for the legislative staff
• Track and input legislative meetings with partners, stakeholders, and
constituents, in IQ.
• Perform other duties as assigned by the DC Staff Assistant
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Ties to Orange County/Southern California are
a plus.
Interns are expected in the office from 9 am to 5 pm, however hours are flexible
based on a student’s course schedule. Interns will receive a monthly stipend. To
apply, send a cover letter, resume and two references
to CA47.Internship@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2024 DC Internship” in the
subject line. If you prefer press or legislative work, please specify in your cover
letter. The deadline for submission is Friday, November 24 at 11:59 PM EST. No
phone calls.
MEM-598-23

The Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (U.S. Helsinki
Commission) seeks candidates for its Spring 2024 Max Kampelman Fellowship
program (January 2024-May 2024).
Policy and communications fellowships are available. Named for a longtime U.S.
Ambassador to the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe,
Kampelman Fellows represent the next generation of American leaders in
security policy, human rights, and strategic communications.
Fellowships last approximately three months, with 30-hour work weeks in-person
in Washington, DC, It is a paid fellowship. Applications are open to current
graduate students, recent undergraduates (the beginning of the fellowship term
should be less than one year since graduation), and undergraduate students with
previous internship experience.
All Kampelman Fellowship candidates should have a keen interest in learning
more about international affairs, the inner workings of Congress, and the
relationship between the legislative and executive branches in the realm of
foreign policy. Proficiency in a second OSCE language is an asset.

Page 4 of 20

Applications close 11/30/23. More information and instructions on how to apply
can be found at https://www.csce.gov/join-our-team/max-kampelmanfellowships/
MEM-597-23

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking a
press/digital intern for the Spring 2024 semester.
The deadline to apply is 5 PM ET, Monday, December 4, 2023.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Compiling and distributing morning press clips,
• Tracking media hits for Committee members,
• Assisting with video shoots,
• Assisting with creating messaging packets and digital toolkits for the caucus,
• Writing first drafts of remarks, press releases, and video scripts,
• Developing social media content,
• Clipping floor and hearing remarks from members
• Providing administrative support, including answering calls and delivering
correspondence
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be
detail-oriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the Committee
and the legislative process. The Committee strongly encourages veterans,
minorities, women, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU and
MSI students to apply.
This full-time or part-time, in-person position is based in Washington, D.C.
Application: All candidates are required to go to https://democratsveterans.house.gov/opportunities to complete an online application to be
considered. Applicants must submit a resume and cover letter.

MEM-596-23

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking a
legislative intern for the Spring 2024 semester.
The deadline to apply is 5 PM ET, Monday, December 4, 2023.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Conducting legislative research
• Managing and responding to constituent correspondence
• Assisting with Committee events
• Attending briefings and hearings for staff
• Drafting memos

Page 5 of 20

• Providing administrative support, including answering calls and delivering
correspondence
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be
detail-oriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the Committee
and the legislative process. The Committee strongly encourages veterans,
minorities, women, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU and
MSI students to apply.
This full-time or part-time, in-person position is based in Washington, D.C.
Application: All candidates are required to go to https://democratsveterans.house.gov/opportunities to complete an online application to be
considered. Applicants must submit a resume and cover letter.
MEM-595-23

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) is seeking spring interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams with
drafting, and other tasks as assigned.
Successful candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working,
detail-oriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player.
Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Interns will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “[Full Name] Spring 2024 DC Internship” in
the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-594-23

Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is seeking applicants for the Spring 2024
internship program in his Everett, WA District office.
The paid in-person internship will run from January through May. Internship
duties will include (but are not limited to): writing a memo for Rep. Larsen,
answering phones, helping with casework, and other tasks to assist staff.
The ideal candidate for this internship can carry out independent research and has
strong written and verbal communication skills and attention to detail. Interns
must also have a positive and collaborative attitude.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
on our nation’s legislative process. Ties to Washington state are preferred, but not
Page 6 of 20

required. Women, people of color and LGBTQIA+ persons are strongly
encouraged to apply.
All interested applicants should email their resume and cover letter in a single
PDF to Grace Kurfman at grace.kurfman@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Spring 2024 Internship”. Please indicate availability in your application.
Deadline December 6th but applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-593-23

Congressman Gabe Amo’s (RI-01) Washington, D.C. office is seeing interns for
the Spring 2024 session.
Interns would be expected to start in early to mid-January. These internships
provide students with an opportunity to learn more about the workings of a
congressional office and to see the legislative process first-hand. Interns will be
expected to answer phones, sort mail, research legislation, attend hearings and
briefings, write memos, give tours of the Capitol, and draft constituent letters on
various issues and other matters as assigned.
Applicants with Rhode Island ties and of diverse backgrounds are highly
encouraged to apply. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender
identity), disability, age, or national origin.
To apply please send a copy of your resume, cover letter, and a writing sample
to alex.nelson@mail.house.gov by 9:00am on Monday, November 27 with the
subject line “Intern Application - Full Name.” Please no phone calls or walk-ins
regarding the status of your application.

MEM-592-23

Winter internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be held in-person in the
Burnsville, MN and Washington, DC offices.
All interns are paid a stipend and provided with the necessary technology for
their work. Schedules are flexible to accommodate course schedules and
academic programs; however, a minimum availability of 20-25 hours per week is
highly preferred.
All interns will have the opportunity to work with staff in both offices over the
course of the internship and the program is easily tailored to fit interns’ policy
interests and career goals. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative
process, learn about all the different functions of a congressional office and gain
hands-on professional experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s
Second Congressional District.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident
and effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong
Page 7 of 20

writing skills. They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with
the general public.
Application Instructions:
•To apply for an internship in the Burnsville, MN or Washington, DC office,
please email a combined PDF of your resume and one-page cover letter
to craig.internships@mail.house.gov. Please format your email subject line as
“FirstName.LastName – [DC or District] Internship.”
•Please include your weekly availability between the hours of 9:00am and
6:00pm ET in your cover letter.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented
backgrounds to apply. Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status.
For Winter internships, applications must be submitted no later than 11:59pm ET
on Tuesday, November 28, 2023. Late submissions will not be considered nor
accepted. If you have any questions regarding the internship program or the
application process, please email craig.internships@mail.house.gov
MEM-591-23

Conservative California Member of Congress is seeking full or part-time interns
for his Washington, D.C. office.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
research.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: Winter 2023
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-590-23

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Pat Ryan (NY-18) is seeking
interns for the Spring 2024 semester, from approximately early January to midMay. This position comes with a monthly stipend.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Answering phone calls and greeting visitors to the office
•Attending hearings and briefings on behalf of legislative staffers
•Compiling daily press clips for the Congressman
•Sorting constituent correspondence and drafting responses
•Leading tours of the Capitol
•Supporting staff members with legislative research and other tasks as assigned

Page 8 of 20

Ideal applicants will have strong written and oral communication skills, a
demonstrated interest in government and public service, the ability to multitask
and stay focused in a fast-paced environment, and a positive attitude.
Undergraduate students and recent graduates are preferred, ties to NY-18 a plus.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity highly. People
of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
The application can be found via https://patryan.house.gov/services/internships
Deadline to apply is Monday, December 4, by 5pm.
Please reach out to finn.donohue@mail.house.gov with any questions.
MEM-587-23

Congresswoman Kat Cammack (FL-03) is seeking spring 2024 interns in her
Washington, D.C. and Gainesville offices! Interns have the opportunity to learn
the legislative process, how congressional offices help constituents, and more.
Washington, D.C. Internship Information:
Intern responsibilities are, but are not limited to, answering phones, logging
constituent concerns, running errands in the Capitol, and aiding various staff in
the Member’s office. Ideal candidates will be quick learners that have initiative, a
strong work ethic, strong communication skills, a positive attitude, and are
timely. Undergraduate and recent college graduates are preferred. Academic
credit is available for qualifying students. Please note—internships are in-person
and will require candidates to move to Washington, D.C. for the duration of the
internship.
Interested candidates should email with “Washington D.C. Intern Spring 2024” in
the subject line, their resume, cover letter, two references, and social media
handles to fl03.internships@mail.house.gov by November 27, 2023 (no drop-ins
or phone calls).
Gainesville Internship Information:
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, constituent communication,
assisting with constituent services, and helping office staff with various projects.
Ideal candidates will be quick learners that have initiative, a strong work ethic,
strong communication skills, a positive attitude, and are timely. Undergraduate
and recent college graduates are preferred. Academic credit is available for
qualifying students. Internships are in-person and take place in the Gainesville
District Office.
Interested candidates should email with “Gainesville Intern Spring 2024; First
and last name”, in the subject line, their resume, cover letter, two references, and
social media handles to fl03.internships@mail.house.gov by November 27, 2023.

Page 9 of 20

MEM-586-23

The office of Congressman Emanuel Cleaver, II (D-MO) is accepting
applications for a paid in-person spring internship. Current college students and
recent college graduates are welcome to apply.
Responsibilities include sorting constituent mail, answering phones, attending
hearings and briefings, leading tours, drafting constituent response letters, and
assisting the legislative staff. Ideal candidates will have strong written and
interpersonal skills, a positive work ethic, and the ability to manage multiple
tasks simultaneously. Kansas City and Missouri ties are a plus.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and a one-page writing sample in
a single pdf to MO5internships@mail.house.gov with “Cleaver Internship Spring
2023” as the subject. Candidates must include their intended start and end date in
their cover letter. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis until Friday,
December 1st. Please, no phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins.
The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-584-23

The office of Congressman Brian Mast (R-FL-21) is currently seeking highly
motivated candidates for a part-time, unpaid, Spring 2024 internship position in
our D.C. office.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills,
can multi-task, and is committed to teamwork.
Responsibilities include answering phone calls, providing tours of the Capitol,
conducting legislative research for staff, among other duties.
The internship will run through the Spring semester, from 9am to 6pm when
Congress is in session, and from 9am to 5pm out of session. Our office is very
flexible with scheduling working hours around college and postgraduate classes,
or other scheduling demands. Ties to Florida is not required but preferred.
The office of Congressman Mast is an equal-opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, military status, age,
or marital status.
Interested applicants should email a resume
to joseph.harrington@mail.house.gov, supplementals (such as cover letters or
writing samples) are not required. Please use the subject line “Spring 2024
internship”. No calls or drop-ins, please. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis.

Page 10 of 20

MEM-583-23

Press/Digital Internship
Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking an enthusiastic, highly
motivated press/digital intern to work in person in the Washington, DC office for
the Spring Semester.
Press/Digital Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day
operations of our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities
to assist our communications staff. This includes, but is not limited to attending
press conferences, compiling press clips, drafting social media posts, drafting
press releases, talking points and other written materials, answering phones, and
sorting mail.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual and have strong writing and editing
skills. A working knowledge of digital content creation products (Adobe Creative
Suite, Canva, or equivalent products) is a plus. Preferred applicants have District
ties, though not required. This is a paid opportunity.
Please your application via https://meeks.house.gov/services/internships with a
resume, one-page writing sample and graphic design sample no later than
December 15, 2023.

MEM-582-23

Legislative Internship
Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking enthusiastic highly
motivated part time legislative interns to work in person in the Washington, DC
office for the Spring Semester.
Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day operations of
our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
legislative and communications staff. This includes attending congressional
hearings, writing memos, administrative tasks, answering phones, sorting mail,
and assisting staff.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and
editing skills. Preferred applicants have District ties, though not required. This is
a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application
via https://meeks.house.gov/services/internships with a resume, cover letter, up to
2-page writing sample, no later than December 15, 2023.

MEM-576-23

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks a
qualified undergraduate student, graduate student, or recent graduate to serve as a
press intern for the Spring 2024 session.

Page 11 of 20

An internship with the Energy and Commerce Committee Democrats is designed
to give students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in
the legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, the intern will
assist press and digital staff by compiling daily press clips; updating press lists;
clipping video highlights from Committee hearings; drafting news releases, social
media posts, and talking points; and designing graphics for both social media and
web content.
Our ideal candidate is organized and eager to join a fast-paced environment.
Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral communication skills
and a proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks.
Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly
encouraged to apply. Interns will receive a stipend, and applicants may request
the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your cover letter, please
indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and whether you are
available to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Spring 2024 Press Intern
Application” in the subject line.
The deadline for applications is December 1, 2023. Please no phone calls or dropins.
MEM-575-23

Job Description: As a Congressional Intern for Congressman Rob Wittman, you
will have the unique opportunity to gain hands-on experience working for
Virginia's 1st Congressional District in the U.S. House of Representatives. Our
office is committed to serving our constituents, advancing thoughtful policies,
and making a difference in the lives of Virginians and all Americans.
This paid internship will provide you with valuable insights into the legislative
process and a chance to contribute to meaningful work in a congressional office.
You will have the opportunity for exposure to the legislative process and
policymaking, insight into the workings of a congressional office, and valuable
professional development and mentorship.
Key Responsibilities:
•Answering phone calls from constituents
•Sorting mail and emails from constituents
•Compile media clips
•Conduct legislative research on various issues
•Assist in drafting and editing policy briefs, speeches, and press releases
•Attend congressional hearings, briefings, and meetings
Page 12 of 20

•Assist with administrative tasks and office operations
•Perform various other duties as assigned
Qualifications:
•Strong interest in politics, government, and public policy
•Excellent research and writing skills
•Effective communication and interpersonal skills
•Enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working
•Detail-oriented and able to multitask
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office and other relevant software
•A willingness to learn and adapt in a fast-paced environment
How to Apply: To be considered for this internship, please submit the following
documents to Nicolle.Miranda@mail.house.gov:
1.Resume
2.Cover letter explaining your interest in the congressional internship and your
relevant qualifications
3.Writing sample (1-2 pages) on a policy or political topic of your choice
4.Contact information for two references
MEM-571-23

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight
and Investigations (Democratic Staff) is seeking a Law Clerk for the 2024 Spring
Semester to assist in conducting oversight and investigations of issues within the
Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Law Clerks will work closely with Subcommittee counsel and professional staff
on a wide range of issues related to the environment, energy, health care, and
consumer protection sectors.
Responsibilities include assisting in the preparation for Congressional hearings;
contributing to the management of investigations of governmental and private
entities; conducting research, document review, and analysis; drafting letters,
memoranda, and investigative reports; and coordinating with other
Subcommittees of the full Committee.
The successful candidate is a current law student or recent law school graduate
who is a detail-oriented and proactive problem-solver with strong communication
and legal research and writing skills. Women, people of color, veterans, and
LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Law clerks will receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s
assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.

Page 13 of 20

To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C O&I Law
Clerk.”
MEM-569-23

Thank you for your interest in interning at my Durham District office or my
Washington, DC office!
Applications for the 2023 Spring Internship program in my Durham District
office or Washington D.C. office are now open!
DC intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending hearings and
briefings on behalf of legislative staffers, supporting staff members with
legislative research and other tasks as assigned, compiling daily press clips for
the Congresswoman, sorting constituent correspondence and drafting responses,
answering phone calls, and greeting visitors to the office.
District intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting research, assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent
correspondence, community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the
discretion of the District Director. As a result, the intern will gain invaluable
knowledge about our district and will be an integral part of the functioning of our
District Office.
The term of this internship will be during the spring semester. Part-time interns
must work at least 10-15 hours a week, Monday-Friday, and hours may be
flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and at least two
references to NC04Resumes@mail.house.gov. Applications will be reviewed on
a rolling basis and applicants are encouraged to apply early. Incomplete
applications will not be reviewed.

MEM-567-23

The office of Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) is seeking college juniors
and seniors, recent graduates, and grad students for spring interns in her
Washington, D.C. and District offices.
Responsibilities will include:
•Answering phones,
•Conducting a semester-long capstone project,
•Writing constituent letters,
•Assisting legislative staff with research,
•Categorizing mail,
•Attending briefings and hearings, and
•Conducting Capitol tours for constituents.
Successful candidates will work well under pressure, are organized, hardworking, detail-oriented, have customer service/retail experience, and can have
Page 14 of 20

some fun! Ohio ties are preferred but not required, and candidates of color,
women, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interns will
be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested applicants should send a resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to OH11InternResumes@mail.house.gov with “Fall Intern [LASTNAME]” in the
subject line. The deadline to apply is November 20 close of business. No phone
calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-566-23

Representative Tony Gonzales is seeking full-time interns in their Washington,
D.C. office for the Spring 2024 semester.
This is a rewarding experience that provides students and recent graduates the
opportunity to participate in the day-to-day operations of a Congressional office
while gaining a deeper understanding of the federal legislative process. Ties to
TX-23 are preferred, but not required.
Office hours operate from 9:00am-5:00pm on out of session days and 9:00am6:00pm in session.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to Maddie.bruno@mail.house.gov

MEM-562-23

The Office of Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) seeks highly motivated,
detail oriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in
Washington, D.C. for the Spring of 2024.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping the 4th
Congressional District of Arkansas. Intern responsibilities include answering
constituent phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting
legislative research, and assisting with correspondence. Interns should have a
positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication
skills.
Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters who can take and listen to
directions, while being able to work independently and as part of a team.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics
as well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks and participate in office
activities. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates.
The office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Westerman, please
submit an application, including a resume and a cover letter, to the following
Page 15 of 20

email address: ar04internship@gmail.com. If you have any questions, please feel
free to call our office at (202) 225-3772.
MEM-561-23

The office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is now accepting applicants
for Spring Congressional Internships in our Washington, DC office.
Successful applicants will be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work
ethic, and interact well with constituents. In addition, applicants should have a
strong interest in the legislative process and the function of Congress. A monthly
stipend will be provided to individuals selected for the internship.
Internship duties in the Washington, DC office may include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
• Attending congressional hearings and policy briefings
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House
• Helping the communications/press team
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Other projects as assigned by the staff
To apply, please email your resume to Wisconsin.resumes@mail.house.gov
Ties to the state of Wisconsin are preferred, but not required.

MEM-560-23

The Office of Congresswoman Mikie Sherrill is currently accepting Spring 2024
internship applications.
To apply for an internship with the DC Office, please use the following link:
https://forms.gle/DtQL1JSSBzodsScQ9
To apply for an internship with the District Office, please use the following
link: https://forms.office.com/g/5EUMZUWRDv
In addition to completing the questionnaire, please email your resume and at least
one reference in PDF format to NJ11internships@mail.house.gov, with the
subject line:
Office of Application (DC or District), First Name Last Name.
The application deadline is Friday, November 24th at 5:00 PM EST. Late or
incomplete applications will not be considered. Spring internships will be on-site.
Hiring decisions will not be finalized until after the application closes to ensure
all applicants have the same opportunity to be considered. We appreciate your
patience and we will be in touch with you as soon as possible on the status of
your application. No calls or walk-ins please.
Interns will have the opportunity to learn about the inner workings of the
legislative branch of government through hands-on experience. Interns will assist
Page 16 of 20

the office achieve its goals by performing a variety of tasks. Some tasks may
include: research on issues; drafting memos and other written documents;
assisting staff on special projects; assisting staff with congressional programs;
directing constituents to appropriate resources; and various administrative duties
(answering phones, updating databases, etc.).
Candidates for the internship program must be undergraduate or graduate college
students, have excellent written and verbal communication skills and a strong
interest in government and public service.
The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-559-23

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for the Spring 2023 semester.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample at the following link: cartwright.house.gov/services/internships
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-558-23

The Office of Congresswoman Summer Lee is committed to investing in the next
generation of public leaders and citizen activists. Congressional internships offer
a comprehensive learning opportunity to understand better how congressional
offices and the legislative process work. Both in the Washington, DC, and
District Office, the internship program is designed to be a learning experience in
which students are exposed to various areas including constituent services,
scheduling, office administration, press and communications, and legislative
policy.
Typical duties will include answering phones, leading Capitol tours (Washington,
D.C.-based), researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on a variety of

Page 17 of 20

issues. The ideal candidate for this paid, part-time internship will be teamoriented and have strong written and verbal communication skills.
Students and recent graduates who are interested in the legislative process are
highly encouraged to apply. The Congresswoman is on the Oversight and
Accountability Committee and the Space, Science, and Technology Committee.
Ties to Pennsylvania’s 12th Congressional District are preferred, but not
necessary.
All applicants should apply at: https://summerlee.house.gov/internships
MEM-549-23

Congresswoman Lori Trahan (MA-03) is seeking a press intern for her
Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2024 semester.
Candidates should be driven, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals
with availability beginning in January.
Duties include developing social media content, drafting press releases, sorting
press clips, creating digital content, and assisting the team with a variety of
projects as needed. Interns will work closely with communications staffers and
learn about the press operation of a congressional office.
Candidates should have a foundation of technical knowledge on social media
platforms.
Experience in studying Communications, Journalism, or Public Relations is a
plus. Submission of a sample graphic with application materials is recommended
but not required.
The Office of Congresswoman Trahan is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to
apply. Massachusetts ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should visit https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/ to
submit necessary materials, as well as email a cover letter, resume, and dates of
availability to LT.Internship@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name,
First Name: Press Internship Spring 2024”. The deadline to apply is 11:59 EST
on November 22nd, 2023.

MEM-545-23

Congresswoman Lori Trahan (MA-03) is seeking applicants for the Spring 2024
internship program in her Washington, D.C. office to start in January 2024.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, handling constituent
correspondence and communication, attending legislative hearings and briefings,
guiding Capitol building tours, managing the front desk, and assisting staff with
administrative tasks. Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic,
Page 18 of 20

excellent written and oral communication skills, and eagerness to learn about the
political process and congressional affairs. District & Massachusetts ties are
strongly preferred, but not required.
Typical hours for internships are Monday through Friday from 9:00 am to 5:00
pm, although hours may be flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules.
Both part-time and full-time interns are encouraged to apply.
The Office of Congresswoman Trahan is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and dates of availability
to LT.Internship@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name, First Name:
DC Spring 2024 Internship”. The deadline to apply is 11:59 EST on November
22nd, 2023.
MEM-542-23

Congressman French Hill (AR02) has internship positions available for the
Spring 2024 term in both his DC and Little Rock offices.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping central
Arkansans. Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls,
assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, and
assisting with correspondence. Interns should have a positive attitude, strong
work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters, take and listen to direction,
and be willing to work both independently and as part of a team. Applicants
should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a
willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates.
The office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter
to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov. Indicate which location you are applying
for. Applications should be submitted by December 1, 2023, but will be accepted
on a rolling basis until all positions are filled.
If you have any questions, you can contact the office for additional information at
(202) 225-2506.

MEM-533-23

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Spring Legislative Internship

Page 19 of 20

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
• Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
• Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample (no more
than 1-2 pages), and two references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “Spring Legislative Internship, NAME” by November 24th, 2023.
Please include availability in the cover letter and compile all application materials
into one PDF document.

Page 20 of 20

