________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 31, 2016

MEM-337-16

The office of Representative Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) is currently seeking a
press intern for Spring 2017 to work in his Washington, D.C. office. Press
interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill and communications experience, furthering
their knowledge of the Congressional media landscape and the legislative
process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: compiling daily
clips, drafting press releases and other written materials, editing and
proofreading, maintaining press lists, and assisting with updates to Member’s
official website and social media platforms. Press intern may also assist with
answering phones, addressing constituent concerns, and helping other office staff
as needed.
Strong writing skills are required and familiarity with social and digital platforms
is recommended. Graphic design experience is a plus. The ideal candidate will be
resourceful, motivated, creative, detail-oriented, and able to work quickly and
efficiently under pressure. Press interns should be able to commit to at least three
full days per week (9:00am-6:00pm). Women and minorities are highly
encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and 2 writing samples
Page 1 of 11

(no more than 2 pages each) to ruizpressintern@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Press Intern” by Monday, November 21st. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-336-16

Democratic Congressman Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking highly motivated
interns to join his Washington D.C. office. Interns will have the chance to
experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a congressional office and gain valuable
work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the
legislative process. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and
briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with
tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence
letters on various issues before the House. Qualified applicants must possess
excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to
detail and ability to function in a fast-paced environment.
Full-time 3 month internship positions are available beginning January 4, 2016.
CA-31 and/or California ties are preferred but not required. Internships are
unpaid, however current students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply,
please send cover letter and resume to Chelsea.Glynn@mail.house.gov.

MEM-335-16

Rep. Earl Blumenauer, D-Ore., is seeking interns for Winter 2017 in his Portland
and Washington, D.C. offices. Successful applicants will perform substantive and
administrative work in a congressional office while gaining valuable career and
educational experience. Duties include, but are not limited to:
• Providing constituent services (answering phones, sorting physical and
electronic mail, greeting visitors in the office, and more).
• Legislative research and writing.
• Completing special projects for staff.
• In Washington, D.C.: Giving Capitol tours and attending legislative briefings
and committee hearings.
• In Portland: Attending meetings with community organizations alongside staff
and the Congressman
Qualifications include:
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• An ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
• Strong organizational skills.
• Dependability and a strong work ethic.
Oregon ties are preferred, but not required. All internships are unpaid. Please email your resume and cover letter to Jon.Bosworth@mail.house.gov for the
Washington, D.C. office and Mariah.Wildgen@mail.house.gov for the Portland
office. In the body of your message, please indicate what dates you will be
available, how many hours a week you would like to work, and whether you will
be seeking academic credit. For more information, please visit
http://blumenauer.house.gov.
About Rep. Blumenauer: A lifelong resident of Portland, Earl Blumenauer (OR03) has devoted his entire career to public service. While still a student at Lewis
Page 2 of 11

and Clark College, he spearheaded the effort to lower the voting age both in
Oregon and at the national level. He was elected to the Oregon Legislature in
1972. In 1978, he began serving on the Multnomah County Commission, and was
elected to the Portland City Council in 1986. There, his 10-year tenure as the
Commissioner of Public Works demonstrated his leadership on the innovative
accomplishments in transportation, planning, environmental programs, and public
participation that have helped Portland earn an international reputation as one of
America’s most livable cities.
Elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1996, Rep. Blumenauer is a
strong advocate for federal policies to create livable communities, rebuild and
renew infrastructure, provide housing choices, support sustainable economies,
and improve the environment. He is a recognized leader in Congress for
reforming federal drug laws and promoting animal welfare. Blumenauer sits on
the Ways and Means Committee, giving him a unique platform from which to
initiate legislation that addresses and mitigates the effects of global warming
while also advancing his priorities of honest trade, financing critical
infrastructure, and ensuring economic security for working families.
MEM-334-16

The Office of Congresswoman Norton (DC-00) has openings for full-time and
part-time interns to support our administrative, legislative, and press teams.
Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending legislative
briefings and hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail, giving
Capitol tours, assisting with communications and media materials.
Applicants should be enthusiastic, reliable, professional, hardworking, and have
strong writing and communication skills. Washington D.C. ties are required.
Internships begin in January and go until May. These positions are unpaid.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and references to Camilo.Manjarres@mail.house.gov by November 21.
Location: Washington, D.C.

MEM-332-16

Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication
skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about the legislative process and
congressional affairs. A background in national security issues in the Middle East
and/or East Asia is preferred, but not necessary. Graduate and undergraduate
students are both welcome to apply.
The individual will support the legislative team on the Congresswoman's work on
both the House Armed Services Committee and the House Foreign Affairs
committee, as well as assist in the day-to-day operations of the office by
supporting members of staff with legislative research, constituent services, and
administrative activities.
Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this internship is
unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page
writing sample to Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.
The application period closes November 30th, 2016.
Page 3 of 11

MEM-331-16

California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time
interns in his Washington, D.C. office, beginning as soon as possible. We are
seeking highly qualified candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and
motivated. In the office, intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to
answer the phones, give tours of the capitol, run errands, assist with constituent
communication, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and
attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid but the
office will provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic
credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should email
a resume and a 250-300 word cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.

MEM-330-16

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C.
office. Spanish skills a plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.

MEM-329-16

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as
recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its
Winter-Spring 2017 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns
will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member
services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support.
Please note that this is an unpaid internship. Interested applicants should send a
cover letter, resume, and available hours to
intern.CHADEM@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA Dem
Internship.”

MEM-328-16

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid press
internship for Spring 2017. Duties will include compiling press clips, monitoring
traffic on social media networks, maintaining website, drafting press releases and
social media, and assisting with the office’s day-to-day communications
operation. Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications,
new media, or journalism. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to md06.internships@mail.house.gov by December 1, 2016 with “Spring Press
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-327-16

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Spring 2017. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are
preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to
Page 4 of 11

md06.internships@mail.house.gov by December 1, 2016 with “Spring
Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
MEM-326-16

Arizona Republican is seeking interns for his Washington D.C. office for the
Fall, Winter and Spring Semesters. Interns will be exposed to a wide array of the
daily activities of a Congressional office – engaging with constituents, assisting
members of the staff with writing and other projects as needed and giving tours of
the Capitol Building. Additional duties of interns include answering telephones,
greeting visitors and sorting mail.
While this position is unpaid, the benefits of interning on Capitol Hill can’t be
overstated. This position will help you understand the inner workings of Capitol
Hill in a way that’s impossible to get otherwise.
Applicants should have excellent time management and writing abilities, have
strong organizational skills with a keen eye for details, and should be motivated
self-starters who can produce results with minimal supervision. Arizona ties and
previous Hill experience a plus but not required.
Please send a cover letter, one-page resume, and a two- to three-page writing
sample to GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com with “Internship Application” in the
subject line. No phone calls please.

MEM-325-16

Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for
his Spring and Summer 2016 internship program in his Washington, D.C. and
Hot Springs offices. He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated,
detail-oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research
and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents.
Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn
about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. In the DC office,
responsibilities will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol,
assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and
communication staff on various projects. Although internships are unpaid, the
office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at
their respective college or university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not
required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
Jordan.Garcia@mail.house.gov.

MEM-324-16

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Donovan (NY-11) is seeking
applications for full- or part-time, unpaid interns for the Spring semester. The
internship is scheduled to run from mid-January to late-May/early-June, but the
months of the internship can vary depending on the availability or school
schedule of the applicant, if need be. Applicants must be willing to work at least
two full days a week. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative
process, excellent organizational and communication skills, and attention to
detail. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, talking
with constituents, scheduling and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and
summarizing briefings and hearings for legislative staff, and supporting the office
with any additional duties. Interested candidates should email a current resume
Page 5 of 11

and a list of three references, with the subject line “Spring Internship” to
NY11Resumes@mail.house.gov.
MEM-321-16

The House Budget Committee Democratic staff is looking for two unpaid interns
for the Spring semester. Primary responsibilities include answering phones,
reviewing budget news articles, conducting research, preparing for Committee
events and working with budget analysts on special projects. Interns will have the
opportunity to participate in Budget Committee briefings, hearings and markups.
In addition, interns are encouraged to attend events held by other committees.
Candidates should also be self-starters, have strong writing skills and pay close
attention to details.
To apply, please see details at http://democrats-budget.house.gov.

MEM-320-16

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
seeking interns for the winter and spring semesters. Interns are asked to work
with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on
substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters.
Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including
tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-319-16

The office of Representative Bruce Poliquin is accepting applications for unpaid
internships in Washington, D.C. for Spring 2017. The internship will offer
students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative
process. Interns work side by side with experienced full-time staff, and play an
integral part in the daily operations of the office. A typical day for our interns
includes welcoming folks to the office, researching legislation for the
Congressman and policy staff, and answering constituent calls and letters on
various issues before the House. Ties to Maine are preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to
Poliquin.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-318-16

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Spring 2017 semester in Washington DC. Intern
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to
the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should
send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject
line “Spring 2017 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.

Page 6 of 11

MEM-317-16

Internship – The office of Congressman Mark Meadows (NC-11) seeks interns
to serve in the Washington, DC office for the Spring 2017 semester. Ideal
candidates will have excellent written and verbal communication skills as this
position involves significant constituent interaction. Applicants must be detail
oriented, professional, and highly organized. Responsibilities include scheduling
and conducting Capitol tours, processing constituent mail, answering phones,
conducting general administrative tasks, and supporting policy staff with various
projects. Interested applicants may apply online at
NC11.TOURS@mail.house.gov.

MEM-316-16

Congressman Greg Walden is seeking a paid intern in his Washington, D.C.
office to start immediately. Walden is a member of the House Republican
leadership and the chairman of a very active subcommittee on Energy &
Commerce, so the office is always very active. Ideal candidates will be college
students or recent graduates who are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detailoriented, enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and have customer service experience.
Willingness and ability to give enthusiastic tours of the U.S. Capitol is a must.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations.
Although no two days are the same, an intern will be expected to lead tours of the
U.S. Capitol, answer phones, greet Oregonians, and assist in managing
constituent correspondence and administrative operations.
Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide
valuable experience for future endeavors. Prior interns in our office have gained
excellent connections, learned about the many issues affecting our state and
country, gained expertise in a wide array of policy areas, and gotten a detailed
look at what makes the United States the most enduring democracy in the world.
Please submit an application at https://walden.house.gov/internships.

MEM-314-16

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks a
qualified graduate or undergraduate press intern for the spring semester 2017. An
internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Press interns will compile daily news clips, draft news
releases and social media content, conduct research, and assist with
administrative tasks such as updating media lists. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings, media briefings or media events on
subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction. A background in journalism,
public relations or general communications is preferred, but not required.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two
references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.

MEM-313-16

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks
qualified graduate and undergraduate interns for the spring 2017 semester. An
Page 7 of 11

internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of their internship, interns will assist
staff with administrative tasks such as answering phones, organizing documents,
and running errands around the Capitol complex. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to perform legislative research, shadow staff at hearings, and
assist in drafting letters and memos on subjects within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two
references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.
MEM-312-16

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Spring 2017. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are
preferred. Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per
week. Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and times
available (start and end dates as well as days per week) to
CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, CA52
Internship” in the subject line. Deadline to apply is November 10th.

MEM-311-16

Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D), member of the House Energy and
Commerce Committee, is currently hiring interns for his Washington, D.C.
office. Responsibilities include answering phones, sorting mail and faxes, giving
tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
general office support as needed. Intern candidates should be current or recent
college students, regardless of major but with an interest in Congress and the
legislative process. Full time availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are
encouraged to apply as well. To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and
a short writing sample to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or
drop-ins please.

MEM-310-16

Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Washington,
D.C. team for a full-time, unpaid internship during spring, for a duration of three
months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and
writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hardworking intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more
complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous
internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a onePage 8 of 11

page writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to
eliza.ramirez@mail.house.gov.
MEM-309-16

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Tom Reed is currently seeking full
– or part – time interns for the spring 2017 semester. The internship runs from
January 2017 through the beginning of May. Ideal candidates should be
professional, dependable, and possess strong communication skills. Intern
responsibilities include answering phones, giving guided tours of the Capitol,
constituent correspondence, attending hearing and briefings, and other legislative
projects. Internships are unpaid, but are a great opportunity to gain professional
and educational experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
New York ties are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should send their
resume, cover letter, and a writing sample with the subject line “Spring
Internship” to samara.brown@mail.house.gov.

MEM-308-16

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for the spring for 2017.
Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and
professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and
members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases,
monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and
serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is
flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with
LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a
fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with
“Communications Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate
dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.

MEM-307-16

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
legislative intern for her Washington D.C. office for the spring of 2017. Ideal
candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong work ethic and
writing skills. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent
correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid
and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is
flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with
LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fastpaced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with
“Legislative Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of
Page 9 of 11

availability.
No phone calls, please.
MEM-306-16

The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking fulltime interns for spring of 2017 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates
would be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and
communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent
correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are
unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants.
The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well
as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be
willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more
about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
wi06resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-305-16

A California Republican Congressman’s DC office seeks applications for a paid
full-time intern. Responsibilities include maintaining the office’s organizational
order, answering phones, assisting staff members in legislative research, giving
tours, greeting visitors and overall office assistance. Candidates should have keen
attention to detail, a self-starter work ethic, and quick adaptation skills. If
interested, please send a resume, brief cover letter, your availability, and a writing
sample to CAgopinterns@gmail.com. Applications will be accepted on a rollingbasis. The office is looking for applicants for late October through January.

MEM-304-16

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for
the Spring Semester in the Capitol Hill office. Interns will have the opportunity to
attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the
constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent
services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First
Congressional District are strongly preferred but not required. Interested
candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to
jordan1.wilson@mail.house.gov by November 1, 2016.

MEM-303-16

A Senior Maryland Democratic Member is seeking qualified applicants for a
winter/spring internship position in his Capitol Hill Office. Responsibilities
include answering phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting
mail and faxes, leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff
and other responsibilities as needed. Interns will be able to work on projects to
assist senior and legislative staff. Interns will also have the opportunity to
network and learn from staff members on the Hill. A qualified intern candidate
will have good oral and written communication skills, professional maturity, and
Page 10 of 11

a willingness to work on a variety of tasks. Internship positions are unpaid. The
preferred candidate will be flexible and productive in a fast paced environment.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and 2-3 page writing
sample to MD07.Intern@mail.house.gov. Maryland ties are preferred. No phone
calls or drop-ins.
MEM-302-16

Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking
motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions for 2017. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates
should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing
to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Louisiana ties
are a plus but not required. If you are a student we are happy to work with your
college or university to arrange for academic credit. Please send a résumé and
cover letter in PDF form to LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the
subject line.

Page 11 of 11

