________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 15, 2019

MEM-314-19

Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking applicants for part-time and
full-time internships for the Fall of 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist
with legislative and administrative work by attending briefings, answering
phones, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative
research, among other tasks. Kansas ties are preferred, but are not required.
If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to
KS04DC.InternApplication@mail.house.gov

MEM-313-19

Congresswoman Madeleine Dean (PA-04), member of the House Judiciary
Committee, is accepting applications for a legal fellowship position in her
Washington D.C. office. Positions are available starting in August, and
applications will be considered on a rolling basis. This fellowship will provide a
valuable, hands-on experience in a Congressional office and a greater
understanding of the legislative process. Fellows will work closely with an active
legislative team and will be expected to produce high-level content under tight
deadlines.

Page 1 of 17

Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, conducting policy research,
drafting legislation, memos and briefs, assisting staff with preparation for
Committee hearings and attending hearings and briefings. Fellows should expect
to work on a variety of issue areas including matters before the House Judiciary
and Financial Services Committees.
Qualified applicants should have excellent research and writing skills, the ability
to perform under pressure, interest in the legislative process, a professional
demeanor and a collegial attitude.
This is an excellent opportunity for current law school students seeking
substantive Capitol Hill experience. No undergraduate students will be
considered. Part-time applicants are encouraged.
This is fellowship is unpaid and is for school credit only. Pennsylvania ties are
preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume, cover
letter and a short writing sample to pa04applications@gmail.com with “Legal
Fellowship” in the subject line. Applicants must include their proposed start/end
dates and availability in the email application. Please, no calls or walk-ins.
MEM-312-19

Congressman Jim Himes (CT-04) is currently seeking interns for the Fall 2019
Internship Program. Applicants should be dependable, team-oriented, and have a
strong desire to work for the residents of Connecticut’s 4th District. This position
is an exciting opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of how the legislative
process works. Congressional interns are expected to draft constituent
correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, prepare memoranda
and daily press clips, and lead Congressional tours.
Please apply by submitting your application materials through the internship page
on himes.house.gov. A need-based stipend may be available and the schedule is
flexible. The application deadline is July 26, 2019. Connecticut ties preferred but
not required.

MEM-311-19

California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time
interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified
candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office,
intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give
tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication,
research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and
briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.
Internships are unpaid but the office will provide any necessary assistance for
students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
CAGOPInternship@gmail.com
Page 2 of 17

MEM-310-19

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess
strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending
Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones,
sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to hannah.cooke@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-309-19

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Fall 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties
are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
To apply, email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample,
and cover letter listing your availability to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-308-19

The office of Congresswoman Kendra Horn (OK-05) is currently accepting
applications for our fall internship program in Washington, DC. We are looking
for highly motivated, personable, and professional interns. Tasks include
answering the phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail, leading Capitol
tours, addressing constituent concerns, attending briefings, and supporting staff as
needed. Our interns are provided with first hand experiences and gain invaluable
insight into the legislative process, the importance of casework, and the value of
constituent and community outreach.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing
skills, who pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, and work well
on a team. Successful candidates would spend 25-40 hours per week interning in
the DC office. Oklahoma ties a plus. Women and minority candidates are
particularly encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard
to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, three professional
references, and your availability with the subject line “Internship Application” to
OK.05.DCinternship@gmail.com.

MEM-307-19

Southern Democratic Member of Congress seeks both full-time and part-time
interns for Fall 2019 in the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include
answering phones, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings, running errands, and drafting constituent
correspondence. Applicants should have excellent written and verbal
communication skills, and work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment.
No drop-ins or phone calls.
Page 3 of 17

Please email nchousejobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Fall 2019 Internship Application” and attach a resume, writing sample, and include
information regarding your full-time or part-time availability. The office is an
equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
MEM-305-19

The Office of Congressman Elijah E. Cummings (MD-07) seeks a dedicated,
detail-oriented, and energetic law student to be a legal intern in his Washington,
D.C. office. Applicants are to possess strong interpersonal skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, advanced writing skills, superb research abilities and
demonstrate a solid work ethic. Applicants must also be enrolled in good standing
at an accredited law school. Interest in criminal justice and/or technology issues
preferred.
Reporting directly to the Legislative Director, responsibilities include but are not
limited to: supporting the Legislative Director and Counsels with legislative and
legal research, assisting in developing legislation and preparing for investigative
hearings, attending congressional briefings and hearings, participating in meeting
preparation, composing memos and letters, and other administrative duties as
assigned.
This full time or part-time position is available beginning in mid-August to midDecember. To apply, please visit the Congressman’s Internship Page
https://cummings.house.gov/services/internships. Please thoroughly complete the
application and submit that information for consideration. In order to be
considered for the position, you must thoroughly submit the application located
on this page.

MEM-304-19

The Office of Congressman Elijah E. Cummings (MD-07) seeks dedicated,
detail-oriented, and energetic undergraduate students for his fall internship
program in his Washington, DC office. Applicants are to possess strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, strong writing skills, and
a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: answering phones, assisting with
greeting constituents and visitors, supporting legislative staff with research,
attending congressional briefings and hearings, drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available from mid- August to
mid-December. To apply, please visit the Congressman’s Internship Page
https://cummings.house.gov/services/internships
In order to be considered for the positions, you must thoroughly submit the
application located on this page.

Page 4 of 17

MEM-301-19

Southern Republican seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individuals
for internships in Washington, DC. Qualified Applicants should have strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing
skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Duties include: answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, researching legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings and answering constituent
letters on various issues before the House.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
emilie.jones@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Fall 2019 Internship Application”
in the subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter.

MEM-300-19

In addition to providing administrative and operations support to the committee
as needed, the legal intern will work closely with the Counsels team with
research projects, drafting legislation, and attending meetings and briefings.
Candidates should be current law students and require little supervision.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply
.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page
resume and cover letter to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “Fall 2019
Legal Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.

MEM-298-19

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Fall of 2019. Qualified applicants should possess
strong communication skills, be interested in learning about the legislative
process, and have a willingness to work in our fast-paced office.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional
tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
intern.oh06@gmail.com.

MEM-297-19

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Fall 2019. The
internship is scheduled to run through December, depending on the availability of
the applicant.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are
considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain
experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a
Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting
constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and hearings.
Page 5 of 17

Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing
sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with
"2019 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be
accepted.
MEM-296-19

The Minority Staff of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, the chief
investigative body of the House of Representatives, is seeking full- and part-time
interns for the fall semester. Interns will have the opportunity to work with the
administrative, policy, and press teams, conducting research, assisting during
hearings and markups, and helping with other administrative tasks as necessary.
Fall internships begin in August or September and typically run through the
middle of December. Specific dates for this internship will be determined on a
case-by-case basis, and preference will be afforded to those who are available at
least three days a week.
Applicants must be strong writers, organized, and detail-oriented, as they will
balance multiple, often disparate, projects corresponding with the broad
jurisdiction of the Committee. The strongest candidates will also exhibit
discretion in working on confidential matters and be enthusiastic and
knowledgeable about the Committee’s work.
Previous experience on Capitol Hill strongly desired, but not required. The
position is unpaid, but we are happy to work with an applicant so they can receive
class credit.
Interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
oversight.committee@mail.house.gov. Please place "INTERN" in the subject
line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-295-19

The Minority Staff of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, the chief
investigative body of the House of Representatives, is seeking full- and part-time
law clerks for the fall semester. Law Clerks will have the opportunity to work
with the oversight and policy teams, conducting researching, reviewing
documents, and preparing for hearings and markups.
Fall clerkships begin in August or September and typically run through the
middle of December. Specific dates for this internship will be determined on a
case-by-case basis, and preference will be afforded to those who are available at
least three days a week.
Applicants must be law school students or recent graduates who are strong
writers, organized, and detail-oriented, as they will balance multiple, often
disparate, projects corresponding with the broad jurisdiction of the Committee.
The strongest candidates will also exhibit discretion in working on confidential
matters and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the Committee’s work. This
Page 6 of 17

position is unpaid, but we are happy to work with an applicant so they can receive
class credit.
Interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
oversight.committee@mail.house.gov. Please place "LAW CLERK" in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-293-19

“San Antonio-native and fighting Texas Aggie, Congressman Will Hurd serves as
the United States Representative for one of the largest non-state districts in the
nation. Texas-23 stretches from San Antonio to El Paso and encompasses 820
miles of border. Prior to Congress, Hurd served for nearly a decade as an
undercover CIA officer and helped start a cybersecurity company. The third-term
Congressman is known for his bipartisan work on national security, border
security, and cybersecurity.
An internship in the Washington, DC office encompasses a variety of tasks and
assignments such as answering phones, greeting visitors, giving Capitol tours,
writing letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be
assigned to work with the legislative team and outreach staff to assist with
legislation, special projects, writing, and/or research.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work
cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written
communications skills. Schedule is flexible and stipends may be available.
Texas ties preferred. Spanish speaking skills preferred, but not required.
To apply for an internship, please email your resume and a brief cover letter to
Reilly.Knecht@mail.house.gov with “2019 Fall Internship” in the subject line. In
your email, please specify your dates of availability. “

MEM-288-19

New England Democratic office is currently seeking interns for Fall 2019.
Serving as an intern in the Congressman’s Washington, DC office is an exciting
opportunity to work closely alongside staff and develop professional skills in a
Congressional office setting.
An internship in the Washington, DC office encompasses a variety of tasks and
assignments such as answering phones, greeting visitors, giving tours, writing
letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be assigned to
work with the legislative team and outreach staff to assist with legislation, special
projects, writing, and/or research.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work
cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written
communications skills. Schedule is flexible and stipends may be available.
New England ties preferred. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.

Page 7 of 17

To apply for an internship, please email your resume, cover letter introducing
yourself, and one short writing sample (no longer than two pages) to
Oliver.Edelson@mail.house.gov with “[Last Name] Internship Application –
[Season] [Year]” in the subject line. In your email, please specify your dates of
availability.
MEM-286-19

Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for
his Fall 2019 internship program in his Washington, D.C. office. He is seeking
highly qualified candidates who are motivated, detail-oriented, and personable.
The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing abilities, be able to
multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to
experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and
attend briefings of interest.
Responsibilities will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol,
assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and
communication staff on various projects. Candidates with particular policy
interests in natural resources, forest management, transportation and
infrastructure, healthcare, and juvenile justice should apply. Arkansas ties are
preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
westerman.internship@yahoo.com

MEM-285-19

U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ), member of the Ways and Means Committee,
seeks fall interns for his Washington, DC office. This internship term runs from
the start of August through the start of December. Duties include sorting and
processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and
hearings, researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting our
press team, and drafting constituent correspondence. Ties to New Jersey are
strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the
Ways and Means Committee. He holds a leadership position on the Democratic
Steering and Policy Committee. This internship is an opportunity to work in a
veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. We are very open to interns
working in the areas that interest them most and taking on increasing
responsibility as the summer progresses.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Bob Evans
(bob.evans@mail.house.gov).
All applications are due by July 19th, 2019

MEM-284-19

Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-17) has Fall 2019 openings for full and part-time
congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be
motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning in
Page 8 of 17

August/September, and a preference for those who can stay at least three months.
Pennsylvania ties are a plus but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects
in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and
written communication skill, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly
encouraged to apply. There is a stipend and transit benefits are fully
reimbursable.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and
availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov
MEM-283-19

Congressman Dwight Evans (PA-03) is seeking highly motivated interns for the
Fall of 2019. Strong communication skills required. Must be dependable and a
team player. Duties include answering constituent phone calls and inquiries,
attending congressional briefings and hearings, conducting research for
legislative staff, compiling press clips for the communications team, and leading
Capitol tours. Interns will gain valuable professional experience and inside
knowledge of the legislative process on Capitol Hill.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Philadelphia
or Pennsylvania ties preferred but not required. Qualified candidates should send
a resume and cover letter to Matthew.Holcombe@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Fall 2019 Internship.”

MEM-281-19

Congressman Hakeem Jeffries (NY-08) is accepting applications for a legal
fellowship position in his Washington D.C. office. Positions are available starting
in August, and applications will be considered on a rolling basis. This fellowship
will provide a valuable, hands-on experience in a Congressional office and a
greater understanding of the legislative process. Fellows will work closely with
an active legislative team and will be expected to produce high-level content
under tight deadlines.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, conducting policy research,
drafting legislation, memos and briefs, assisting staff with preparation for
Committee hearings and attending hearings and briefings. Fellows should expect
to work on a variety of issue areas including matters before the House Judiciary
and Budget Committees. Qualified applicants should have excellent research and
writing skills, the ability to perform under pressure, interest in the legislative
process, a professional demeanor and a collegial attitude.
This is an excellent opportunity for current law school students and recent law
school graduates seeking substantive Capitol Hill experience. No undergraduate

Page 9 of 17

students will be considered. Full-time availability is preferred, though part-time
applicants will be considered.
Opportunities for school credit are available, and a stipend will be provided to
qualifying Fellows. New York ties are preferred, but not required. Interested
applicants should email a resume, cover letter and a short writing sample to
newyork08resumes@gmail.com with “Legal Fellowship” in the subject line.
Applicants must include their proposed start/end dates and availability in the
email application. Please, no calls or walk-ins.
MEM-280-19

“A Midwest Republican House Member is seeking paid interns for the Fall 2019
session in his Capitol Hill office. The spring session dates are August 26thDecember 13th, but more flexibility can be offered. The internship schedule is
also flexible to accommodate classes. Interns will have the opportunity to attend
committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent
correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to the Midwest are
preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to
Dylan.Jones@mail.house.gov before August 2nd. Please specify what your
internship schedule may look like, including preferred start/end dates.”

MEM-278-19

“Congresswoman Elaine Luria (VA-02), Member of the House Armed Services
Committee and House Veterans Affairs Committee in which Chair of the
Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee, seeks full time
interns for her Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible and detailed oriented with availability
from August 26th – December 13th. Intern responsibilities include answering
constituent phones, leading Capitol tours, up-keeping mail databases, writing
memo’s, and assigned duties from full time staff. Candidates should be outgoing
and possess strong oral and written communication skills.
Virginia ties are preferred, but not required. Women, minorities, and LGBTQ+
persons are encouraged to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter to
VA02DC.Interns@mail.house.gov.”

MEM-276-19

Midwest Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional
organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in the
Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent
constituent service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting
Page 10 of 17

constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls
and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general
office administrative duties.
The successful candidate must be courteous and work well in a team
environment. Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to
NE.01@mail.house.gov with "Fall Intern” in the subject line.
MEM-275-19

The Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark [MA-05] is currently seeking
full-time & part-time paid interns for Fall of 2019 in her Washington, D.C.
office. Qualified applicants should have strong oral & written communication
skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, the willingness to work in a fast-paced
environment, and be comfortable assisting constituents. A sound knowledge of
Microsoft Office, a solid work ethic as well as a basic understanding of the
political process in Congress is expected.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: answering and screening phone
calls, leading capitol tours, working with staff to research legislative issues and
process information, attending congressional briefings, assisting with
administrative tasks, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues,
assisting the communications team with various tasks, and other projects as they
arise.
Full-time and part-time positions are available beginning in August 2019. To
apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
RepClarkInternships@mail.house.gov. Please indicate availability and expected
start date.

MEM-274-19

Conservative Midwestern member of the House seeks motivated, detail-oriented,
and energetic professionals for internships in Washington, DC. Qualified
applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple
tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Missouri/Midwestern ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with
research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the
Communications Director with drafting talking points, creating graphics for
social media, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time internship positions are available beginning in August 2019. To apply,
please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
Trevor.Ray@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line.
Page 11 of 17

MEM-273-19

The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking highly motivated
interns for Fall 2019 (starting at the beginning of August 2019). This is a paid
internship. Qualified candidates will be dependable team players, capable of
excelling in a fast-paced office, and will possess strong writing, editing, verbal
communication, and organizational skills. Experience with research is a plus
since there are opportunities to work with the legislative staff on relevant issues.
This position’s responsibilities include serving as a primary contact with
constituents, greeting visitors, providing Capitol Tours, and assisting with
projects assigned from other staff members. These projects often include assisting
with data entry or drafting correspondence. Interns will have the ability to attend
Capitol Hill briefings, hearings, and other informative events that are available.
Interns will also have the opportunity to gain professional and educational
experience while learning more about Congress and the legislative process.
Wisconsin ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample,
and dates of availability to maryah.thompson@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2019
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-272-19

Congresswoman Lauren Underwood (IL-14) is delighted to announce fall
internship opportunities in her Washington, DC and West Chicago, IL offices.
Internships are designed to offer students and recent graduates direct participation
in public service through supporting our offices' constituent engagement and
services, administrative responsibilities, and research.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, assist
with correspondence, coordinate and conduct tours, research legislation, assist
with constituent casework, and attend hearings and briefings on various issues.
Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, flexible, and possess the ability
to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Fall internships are available from mid-August through mid-December, with start
and end dates tailored to accommodate an academic calendar year. Internship
hours run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. on weekdays. Please note that interns are
expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per week. A limited number of paid
positions are available for internship applicants who are not sponsored by outside
organizations.
To apply, please submit a single PDF including your resume, cover letter, and
writing sample of your choice to IL14.Internship@gmail.com by August 1, 2019.
Preference will be given to applicants with ties to the Illinois 14th.
For questions about internships please email IL14.Internship@gmail.com, or call
our office (202) 225-2976.

Page 12 of 17

MEM-271-19

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
Interns for the Washington, D.C. office starting at the end of August or
beginning of September. Interns in our office perform legislative and
administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience.
Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending policy
briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, producing
daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members on various
projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! Candidates
of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2019 Pocan Fall Internship” in the subject
line. Deadline to apply is August 1st.
For further information regarding the internship and scholarship programs, please
see the internship page on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/

MEM-270-19

The Office of Congressman Daniel Lipinski (IL-03) is currently seeking interns
for the fall semester in the Washington D.C. office. Prospective interns should
have a love for politics and the legislative process, a desire to learn, and a
willingness to work hard in this fast-paced office. Day to day intern
responsibilities include: drafting constituent correspondence, leading tours of the
U.S. Capitol, working with legislative staff on policy issue research, attending
briefings and hearings, and answering phones. Interns will work closely with
legislative staff and will be given all the tools necessary to learn to become a
congressional staffer by the end of the internship.
Applications can be submitted via email to IL03StaffAssistant@mail.house.gov.
Applications are due by July 28th. A complete application should include a cover
letter, resume and one short writing sample of 2-3 pages. Please be sure the
application includes your name, contact information, university, year of
graduation, dates you are available, and your intended work schedule (full time or
part time). Third District of Illinois ties are preferred. Please no drop ins.

MEM-269-19

Congressman Ed Perlmutter seeks a legislative intern to conduct administrative
duties in his Washington, DC office. The successful candidate must be a strong
team player, polite and friendly with constituents, and willing to assist other staff
members in various items. Colorado connections are highly preferred.

Page 13 of 17

Primary Responsibilities: Responsible for greeting guests, taking/distributing
messages appropriately, taking care of general office needs, writing memos and
letters to constituents, attending briefings for staff and performing back-up duties
as necessary. This person will also be expected as needed to conduct personal
tours for constituents and assist them on their visit to D.C. Additional
responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Communicate with constituents over the phone.
•Conduct personal tours of the Capitol.
•Interact with constituent outreach program, Fire Side.
•Attend hearings and briefings for staff.
•Respond to constituent requests for information.
•Perform general administrative duties.
•Sit in on meetings with staff and outside organizations.
•Work with other staff members on writing letters to constituents.
•Intern Project: Research legislation and pitch co-sponsorship to Congressman
Perlmutter.
The deadline for consideration for a summer internship is July 20, 2019. To
apply, please send a resume and cover letter via email to
John.mcinerney@mail.house.gov. There is a stipend available for Congressional
interns provided they comply with our professional guidelines and can complete
the given number of hours (Full-Time)
MEM-268-19

Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking unpaid interns for Fall 2019 in
Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with
various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones,
conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and
performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and
willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college
graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required. To apply,
please email a cover letter and resume to: Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.

Page 14 of 17

DUTIES:
•performs research
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor
MEM-267-19

Member of the U.S. House of Representatives is currently seeking full time
interns to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2019 term from late
August to December. Responsibilities include reporting on hearings and
briefings, tracking actions on the House floor, researching legislation before the
House, giving tours of the U.S. Capitol to visitors, and answering and recording
phone calls from constituents, among other duties.
Those interested should send a resume and cover letter that includes availability
to HouseRepsInternship@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2019 Internship
Application” in the subject line by August 1, 2019. The position is open to
current college students or recent graduates. Applicants able to work full-time
and for the full duration of the Fall 2019 term are strongly preferred.

MEM-266-19

“The Office of Congressman Dean Phillips is currently accepting applications for
Fall interns for his Washington DC office. Interns in our Washington DC office
will gain first hand experience with the legislative process and other functions of
a congressional office. You’ll work closely with our legislative, communications
or scheduling staff depending on your track and interests. All interns will be
paired with a staff mentor in their area of interest and will leave our office with a
revised and reviewed resume and cover letter, as well as receive informational
interview training.
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include: conducting policy research to be
used for floor speeches, memos, committee hearings and other legislative
business, monitoring press coverage of the Member, current events and House
business, and managing constituent correspondence over the phone, mail, and email. Full- and part-time internships are available. Interns are expected to work at
least 15 hours per week, with at least one full day. Hours are flexible to
accommodate students' course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.
when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
While Congressman Phillips’ encourages all individuals to apply, applicants with
ties to Minnesota will be given preference. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+

Page 15 of 17

individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Dean Phillips, send
your resume, cover letter and a 1-2 page writing sample to
phillips.interns@mail.house.gov. Please include the days and times you will be
available to intern, your desired start date, and any requirements your school has
in order for you to receive credit in your cover letter. Please format the subject
line of your email “DC - First Name Last Name - Fall.”
MEM-262-19

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for internships in Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with
research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the
Communications Director with drafting talking points, creating graphics for
social media, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning in September
2019. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter.

MEM-261-19

A senior-ranking Republican member on the Committee of Ways & Means is
seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships for Fall of 2019. Interns
will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand
knowledge of the legislative process. D.C. responsibilities include leading Capitol
tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending
briefings and hearings. Florida ties are strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to housegopinternshipfl@outlook.com.
No phone calls or drop-ins will be considered.

MEM-260-19

The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking fulltime paid interns for Fall of 2019 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates
will be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication
skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence,
Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Interns are paid a monthly stipend.

Page 16 of 17

The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well
as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be
willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more
about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
wi06resumes@gmail.com
MEM-255-19

The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting
applications for full-time internships for the fall 2019 session. Working closely
with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand
knowledge of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional
committee.
Interns will be working in a fast-paced front office, answering phones, and
greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting staff with
hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research
projects, and various other tasks as assigned.
Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and
possess an energetic, team player attitude. Candidates with previous Hill
experience are preferred. Note that Committee internships are unpaid positions.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to:
var.internship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-251-19

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01), a Senior Member of the Energy and
Commerce Committee and Natural Resources Committee, seeks undergraduate or
graduate students for full-time or part-time internships in her Washington, D.C.
office. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail,
attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research
assistance to the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have strong communication skills and an interest in the
legislative process. Colorado ties are preferred but not required. The ideal
candidate will be able to intern at least two full days per week. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
Blaise.Hokkanen@mail.house.gov

Page 17 of 17

