________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 13, 2017

MEM-453-17

Democratic Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks current college
students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for summer
2017 internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern duties include answering
phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail and faxes,
leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and other
responsibilities as needed. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral and
written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to work on
a variety of tasks. Preference given to interns with full-time availability, but those
seeking part-time internships will be considered. Pennsylvania ties a plus but not
required. Internship positions are unpaid. To apply, please email cover letter,
resume, and a brief writing sample (no more than two pages) to Jordan Sciascia at
Jordan.Sciascia@mail.house.gov. Please include availability in your cover letter.

MEM-452-17

Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Cambridge,
MA team for a full-time/part-time, unpaid internship during spring 2018.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Strong writing skills with
close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Page 1 of 23

This non-paying internship offers young professionals a hands-on opportunity to
be involved with the daily working of a United States Representative’s office.
Responsibilities include researching issues and information, aiding in responding
to constituent concerns, various clerical and administrative tasks, and attending
occasional meetings. To maximize this experience, interns work directly with
members of the district office staff. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and
previous internship and/or work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a brief writing sample, resume and cover letter to
jon.lenicheck@mail.house.gov.
MEM-451-17

West Coast Blue Dog Democrat seeks highly motivated communications interns
in the DC office for the Winter/Spring semester. Responsibilities include, but are
not limited to media monitoring; drafting press releases, talking points and social
media; developing press lists; performing research and generally supporting the
Communications Director. Candidates should be detail oriented with excellent
writing skills and an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Graphic/photo skills a plus, though not required. Candidates should submit a
resume and writing sample to or05.pressintern@gmail.com.

MEM-450-17

The office of Congressman Dave Reichert (WA-08) is currently seeking
candidates for full and part-time internships in his Washington, D.C. office for
the winter and spring sessions, with some positions available immediately. These
are unpaid internships; however, opportunities for school credit are available if
needed. The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of
major. Interns will observe firsthand the inner workings of a Congressional
office, while gaining relevant and valuable knowledge of the legislative process.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, conducting legislative
research, compiling press clips, assisting with front office operations, helping
with constituent relations, and receiving training in order to conduct U.S. Capitol
tours. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend legislative briefings and
congressional hearings on Capitol Hill.
Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic and be detailed-oriented and well
organized. He/she will also possess strong communication and writing skills, as
well as an enthusiasm for the political process and fast-paced congressional
operations. Successful candidates will be personable, adaptable, good-humored,
and service-oriented. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.
Congressman Reichert is a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee
and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to
work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested
applicants should send a resume and cover letter to wa08internship@gmail.com.

MEM-449-17

Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for the Spring of 2018. We are seeking motivated,
Page 2 of 23

organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff
with day-to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering
phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Nevada ties
are encouraged but not required. Please send resume and cover letter to
Catherine.chrobak@mail.house.gov.

MEM-446-17

The office of Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart (FL-25) is currently seeking
applications for our Spring Internship Program running from January 2018
through the beginning of May. This position requires greeting guests and
constituents, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, and assisting in general day to day activities. While
unpaid, this position will strengthen your understanding of the legislative process
and give you firsthand experience of the operations necessary to run a
Congressional office. Qualified candidates will be hard working, organized,
possess strong written and oral skills, and have the ability to work in a
professional environment. Interested candidates should send a resume,
availability and cover letter to Elizabeth.DosSantos@mail.house.gov. Deadline
for applications: December 8th, 2017.

MEM-445-17

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) seeks undergraduate or graduate
students for full-time or part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, DC
office. As a fast-paced office for an active member of the Democratic leadership,
we expect a lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship
program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail,
attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research
assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess excellent
writing and communications skills, strong attention to detail, and an interest in
the legislative process. Colorado ties preferred but not required. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to
matthew.allen@mail.house.gov.

MEM-444-17

Congressman Matt Cartwright (D-PA) seeks unpaid interns for his Washington,
D.C. office for the Spring 2018 semester. Intern responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, writing constituent letters, attending legislative briefings, assisting
staff with research and special projects, and preforming administrative duties as
needed. Successful candidates will be detail-oriented and responsible, and
possess strong written and oral communication skills. Pennsylvania ties are
preferred, but not required. Constituents from Pennsylvania’s 17th congressional
district are especially encouraged to apply.

Page 3 of 23

Prospective candidates should submit their application, resume, and cover letter
online at www.cartwright.house.gov/services/internships. No phone calls or dropins, please.
MEM-443-17

The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Majority) is currently accepting
applications for full-time internships for the Fall 2017 session. Working closely
with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand
knowledge of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional
committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced, front office answering
phones and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting staff with
hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research
projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates must have a
genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic, team player
attitude. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred. Please note the
internships are unpaid positions. Please send cover letter and resume to:
var.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-442-17

A West Coast Blue Dog Democratic office is now accepting internship
applications for the winter/spring term. Interns have the unique opportunity to
gain hands on experience in a Congressional office and to provide assistance to
the residents of Oregon’s 5th District. Ideal candidates are positive and energetic,
have excellent people and organizational skills, and are eager to assist with the
legislative and administrative needs of the staff.
Interns will be responsible for assisting the team with phones, mail, tours, flagrequests, and related front office duties. Additional tasks, including drafting
correspondence, research projects, and attending hearings may be assigned on a
case by case basis.
Applicants should be available to work part-time and least 20 hours per week.
Undergraduate and post-graduate students are eligible to apply for internships in
Congressman Schrader’s Washington D.C. office. This is an excellent
opportunity for those looking to enhance their network for post graduate life.
Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to
participants; but students have the opportunity to gain academic credit. Oregon
ties are preferred. If interested, please contact our office at
adrian.ballinger@mail.house.gov with "Winter/Spring Internship" in the subject
line. Please include cover letter, resume and a writing sample.

MEM-441-17

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified graduate and undergraduate interns for the Winter/Spring 2018
program. An internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee
Democratic staff is designed to give students a thorough understanding of a
Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process. Throughout the course
of the program, interns will assist staff with administrative tasks such as
answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials for
staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to
Page 4 of 23

shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects
within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
The ideal candidate is an organized and committed student or recent graduate
who is eager to join a fast-paced environment and build upon their knowledge of
how Congress works—particularly the role of congressional committees in the
federal legislative process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention
to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred,
but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov, with
“Winter/Spring 2018 Democratic Staff Internship” in the subject line. In your
cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes.
MEM-440-17

The Office of Congressman Sarbanes (MD-03) is currently seeking college
students or recent graduates for the Spring 2018 internship program in
Washington, DC. Intern responsibilities include attending briefings and writing
memos for legislative staff, drafting constituent correspondence, assisting the
Communications Director, conducting research for various legislative projects,
and providing administrative support for the office. Preference will be given to
interns with full-time availability.
Ideal candidates must possess a meticulous attention to detail, an enthusiasm for
learning, strong writing skills, and an ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
Ties to Maryland are strongly preferred. Interested applicants may send a resume,
cover letter, two short writing samples, and work availability (Monday-Friday,
etc.) with the subject line “Spring 2018 Internship” to Lucy Shaw at
lucy.shaw@mail.house.gov.

MEM-439-17

The Office of Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (NE-01) is accepting applications
for a motivated and hardworking Capitol Hill intern in our Washington, DC
office. The internship is full-time with room for growth.
Interns are responsible for politely greeting front office guests, professionally
answering calls, enthusiastically leading Capitol Tours for Nebraskans, assisting
the scheduler and staff assistants with administrative office duties, and assisting
the communications team with special projects. Ideal candidates will have a
strong work ethic, attention to detail, strong writing abilities, and thrive in fastpaced environments.
Interested applicants should send a resume with references and two writing
samples, a cover letter addressed to the Congressman detailing why you want to
Page 5 of 23

work for him, and the ideal start and end date with the subject line “Fortenberry
Internship” to Diana.Shin@mail.house.gov. Nebraska ties a strong plus.
MEM-438-17

Democratic Congressman Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking highly motivated
interns to join his Washington D.C. office. Interns will have the chance to
experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a congressional office and gain valuable
work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the
legislative process. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and
briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with
tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence
letters on various issues before the House. Qualified applicants must possess
excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to
detail and ability to function in a fast-paced environment.
Full-time 3 month internship positions are available beginning December 1st,
2017. CA-31 and/or California ties are preferred but not required. Internships are
unpaid, however current students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply,
please send cover letter and resume to Stephanie.Palencia@mail.house.gov..

MEM-437-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) is seeking interns for his Washington office
in the spring. Spanish skills and Texas connection a plus. Send resume, brief
writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use the
subject line: Spring DC Internship Application. No drop-ins please.

MEM-436-17

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking
conservative, highly motivated, and organized applicants for a full or part-time
unpaid internship for a start date beginning the second week in January and
ending the second week in May, with flexible start and end dates.
Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not
required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or
school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover
letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2018 Spring Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-434-17

The office of Congressman Robert Pittenger (R-NC) is currently accepting
applications for legislative interns. Candidates should be highly qualified and
have excellent writing, research, and interpersonal skills. Ideally, candidates
should also be motivated, analytical, and meticulous. This is an unpaid position,
but interns will have the opportunity to collaborate with the legislative staff on
various projects and regularly attend hearings, briefings, and meetings.
Responsibilities also include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
corresponding with constituents, and other miscellaneous tasks for the
Page 6 of 23

legislative staff. Internships can be full or part-time with flexible hours to
accommodate student course schedules. Academic credit may also be available
based on the candidate's academic institution.
Interested candidates should email a resume to Sruthi.Prabhu@mail.house.gov.
MEM-433-17

NC Democratic Member of Congress seeks interns for the spring semester in
Washington, DC office. Although all internships in all offices are unpaid,
students gain invaluable work experience. Our interns' responsibilities are varied
but substantive. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, run errands, and
answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session. Students will be supervised by the DC Office Staff
Assistant, who will train them to meet our high standards. Students will leave the
internship with a greater understanding of how a Congressional office works,
how constituent relationships are forged and maintained, and how the legislative
process works.
Students should be highly motivated, ready to learn, and eager to work in a fastpaced environment. Please apply by emailing your resume, a cover letter, and one
writing sample to nchousejobs@gmail.com.

MEM-432-17

Congressman Dan Kildee’s Washington, D.C. office is seeking motivated and
hard-working college students for spring internships. Although internships are
unpaid, students will gain valuable work experience in a fast-paced congressional
office.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral
and written communications skills, responsible, dependable, and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them.
Tasks include and are not limited to the following: Researching legislative issues,
preparing constituent correspondence, data entry, and helping maintain the
efficient day-to-day operations of an active Congressional office.
If interested, please send a cover letter and a resume to Jordan Dickinson at
jordan.dickinson@mail.house.gov.
For more information on Congressman Dan Kildee and Michigan’s 5th
Congressional District, please visit our website at www.dankildee.house.gov.

MEM-431-17

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) seeks current college students or recent
Page 7 of 23

graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for Fall 2017. We are seeking motivated, organized,
and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with dayto-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving
Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative
research and analysis, and various other tasks. Florida ties are encouraged but not
required. Please send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample to
FL13Internships@mail.house.gov. Applicants must be able to start immediately!
MEM-430-17

The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications
for the 2018 Spring Semester. This is a full time internship that requires a
flexible schedule and the ability to travel. Our internship term runs from
early-January through May. Interns will assist with weekly Caucus
meetings, Member outreach, legislative work, and the annual Issues
Conference. Interns will also handle front office duties such as answering
phones, distributing mail, coordinating Capitol tours, and greeting visitors.
Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude, attention to detail and
a great work ethic. Candidates with prior Hill experience, great writing
skills and strong familiarity with House Democrats are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to
CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2018
Spring Democratic Caucus Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-429-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Paul Gosar is currently
seeking applicants for a full-time internship to start immediately for the
Fall 2017 term. Responsibilities include assisting the staff with front office
operations, conducting legislative research, answering constituent calls and
inquiries, conducting U.S. Capitol tours, attending committee briefings and
hearings, and learning about the day-to-day operations of a congressional
office. While the position is unpaid, the benefits of interning on Capitol
Hill can't be overstated. This position will help you understand the inner
workings of Capitol Hill in a way that is impossible to get otherwise. Ideal
candidates should be ambitious, proactive, have a positive attitude and
demonstrate a strong interest in the legislative process. Unpaid internships
are available to qualified college students or recent college graduates.
Arizona ties preferred but not required. Please submit a resume to
Will.Stechschulte@mail.house.gov with a subject line of "Internship
Application."

MEM-427-17

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic interns for the spring 2018 semester in
Washington, DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the
ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a
solid work ethic. Duties may include, but are not limited to, answering and
Page 8 of 23

screening telephone calls, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with
research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation,
and drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues. Interested
applicants should email a resume and cover letter to
Hannah.Mansbach@mail.house.gov. Please indicate expected dates and
availability in your cover letter.
MEM-425-17

The Office of the House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (LA-01) is looking for full
and part-time interns for the Spring 2018 semester. The internship will offer
students and young professionals invaluable experience with our nation’s
legislative process, along with exposure to the fast pace of a congressional
leadership office. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the office and are
expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times. Duties include (but
are not limited to) greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the
Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative
research, and various other tasks to assist staff. At the beginning of the legislative
week, interns are expected to work into the evening to assist staff in facilitating
member meetings. Congressman Scalise supports students requesting credit for
their internship through their university. If interested, please submit a resume,
cover letter, and two references to interns.majoritywhip@gmail.com.

MEM-424-17

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
interns in our Washington, D.C. office. Interns in our office perform legislative
and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational
experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending
policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research,
producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members
on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! All
internships are unpaid. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please visit https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships or email
andrew.o’neill@mail.house.gov for more information.

MEM-423-17

The Office of the Representative Linda Sánchez is currently accepting
applications for a full-time internship. Ideal candidates will possess excellent
communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will
include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol
tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and

Page 9 of 23

assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are
preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with
“CA38 Internship” in the subject line.
MEM-422-17

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Spring 2018. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are
preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to md06.internships@mail.house.gov by November 30, 2017 with “Spring
Congressional Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-421-17

The Office of Congresswoman Norton (DC-00) has openings for full-time and
part-time Congressional interns. Interns assist with office operations including
the execution of the Member’s daily schedule. Responsibilities include:
researching legislative issues, attending legislative briefings and hearings,
answering phone calls, processing constituent mail, giving Capitol tours, assisting
with communications and media materials.
Applicants should be enthusiastic, reliable, professional, hardworking, and have
strong writing and communication skills. Washington D.C. ties are required.
Internships begin in January and run through the spring semester. These positions
are unpaid. Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and onepage writing sample to Camilo.Manjarres@mail.house.gov. Interns are accepted
on a rolling basis.

MEM-420-17

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Don Beyer is accepting applications
for unpaid spring interns. The internship will run from January to May.
Candidates should be motivated, resourceful, and organized. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, and performing other
tasks as necessary. To apply, please email a resume, cover letter, and brief
writing sample to grace.rubinger@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls
please. VA ties preferred. Congressman Beyer is an equal opportunity employer
committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment.

Page 10 of 23

MEM-418-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is
seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the
Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Spring 2018
semester.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff
to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital
content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips,
drafting press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as
photography or graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with
aggregating news clips at 8:00 am and ends at 4:00 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on
Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major
legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of
activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if
applicable, a portfolio sample to Sam Menchel
at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact
Sam at 202-225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-417-17

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is
offering spring 2018 internship opportunities for college students and recent
college graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s
office provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and
implementation of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to
constituents, attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching
various issues for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and
together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to
increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal
government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative
process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s
position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing
sample to Sam Menchel at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do
not hesitate to contact Sam at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-416-17

The Majority House Homeland Security Committee is now accepting
applications for a spring 2018 unpaid PRESS intern to assist in a fast-paced
communications operation.
Page 11 of 23

All candidates should be hardworking, professional, detail-oriented and possess
strong written & oral communication skills.
Intern duties may include:
Daily press clips
Drafting content for media distribution
Drafting messaging and talking point memos
Assisting with social media monitoring & content development
Conducting research for communications and legislative staff
Building press lists
Event photography
- …. & more!
To apply for a spring 2018 internship with the Homeland Security Committee
press shop, please submit the following materials.
•
•

Current resume and cover letter
2 references

Please submit all forms in PDF format and with title,
“LastName_FirstName_DocumentType”. For example, your resume would be
saved as “Doe_John_Resume” and your cover letter would be saved as
“Doe_John_CoverLetter.” Please then email the above documents to
Resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov and include “Press Spring Internship Program”
in the subject line of the email.
MEM-415-17

Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking interns to work in his
Washington, DC office for the Spring semester. Intern responsibilities include
greeting guests in the front office, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol
building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have
the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a
positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication
skills. Those interested should send their resume and cover letter to
adrienne.schrodt@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis,
so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted
to accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties preferred but not required.

MEM-414-17

House Foreign Affairs Committee Ranking Member Eliot Engel’s office (NY-16)
seeks candidates who have an interest in the legislative process and in helping
constituent. Interns must possess solid writing, communication skills and
professionalism. Interns work directly with legislative assistants, field
representatives and the press team. This internship presents an opportunity for
both a unique learning experience and an inside look at the political
process. Most candidates are college students or recent graduates. To achieve
Page 12 of 23

maximum benefit, most interns devote at least 25 hours a week to the office. NY
ties preferred, but not mandatory.
If you would like to be considered for a position, please email your resume and
cover letter to Engel.Internship@mail.house.gov. In your application, be sure to
include the semester and/or dates you would be available to intern.
MEM-413-17

The office of Representative Bruce Poliquin is accepting applications for unpaid
internships in Washington, D.C. The internship will offer students and young
professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Interns work side
by side with experienced full-time staff, and play an integral part in the daily
operations of the office. A typical day for our interns includes welcoming folks to
the office, researching legislation for the Congressman and policy staff, and
answering constituent calls and letters on various issues before the House. Ties to
Maine are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their
resume and cover letter to Poliquin.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-412-17

The Office of Congressman Al Lawson (FL-05), is seeking full – or part – time
interns for Fall ’17, and Spring and Summer ’18 semesters in the Washington
D.C. office. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting in legislative
research, answering phone calls, attending briefings, greeting front office visitors,
and leading tours of the Capitol. Ideal candidates will have a strong attention to
detail, an enthusiasm for the political and congressional processes, strong writing
skills, and the ability to thrive in an energetic office environment. To apply,
please send a resume, cover letter, short writing sample (1-2 pages), and work
availability to amber.milenkevich@mail.house.gov..

MEM-411-17

Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Washington,
D.C. team for a full-time, unpaid internship during spring 2018, for a duration of
three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and
writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hardworking intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more
complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous
internship and/or work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a one-page writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to
capuano.intern1@mail.house.gov.

MEM-408-17

The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate-level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for a
Page 13 of 23

Winter 2018 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting
with phone inquiries and providing support to all Committee staff. Background in
science is a plus. To apply, please send your resume and cover letter to
house.science.committee@mail.house.gov.
MEM-407-17

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking a full-time, qualified
and energetic intern for December/January - April. The intern will work with
staff to prepare materials for committee meetings, conduct research projects for
memos, answer phones, and complete a variety of other administrative tasks.
Ideal candidates have excellent attention to detail, good writing skills, a strong
work ethic, and a strong interest in learning about or a working knowledge of
House floor procedures. Applicants must have a good attitude and be willing to
perform a variety of tasks. Previous hill internship experience is preferred but not
required. Interested candidates should submit a cover letter and resume to
RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov.
Equal opportunity employer. No calls or drop- ins please.

MEM-406-17

The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for Spring 2018 Policy Interns. We are seeking dependable,
politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude and
strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital
support by assisting staff in assignments that include but not limited to: compiling
daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school. The
deadline to apply is November 15th, 2017. Applicants should email their resume,
cover letter, one page writing sample and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. Please visit budget.house.gov for the application
and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will not be
considered. Paid internships are available to any student working full time and
not receiving course credit.

MEM-404-17

The office of Congressman Adam Kinzinger [IL-16] is seeking candidates for
full-time internships in his Washington, DC office. Interns will observe the inner
workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the
legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering
phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative projects, and
attending briefings and hearings. While preference is given to applicants from
Page 14 of 23

Illinois, I encourage all candidates with a strong work ethic and positive attitude
to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter (with potential state date) to
internsIL16@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-403-17

The Office of Congressman John R. Carter (TX-31) is currently accepting
applications for our spring semester internship program in Washington, D.C.
This is a full-time, unpaid position for college students of all majors.
Responsibilities include greeting constituents and guests, answering phone calls,
leading Capitol tours, assisting the legislative staff, and assisting in general office
duties. With this experience, interns can expect to gain a stronger, first-hand
understanding of Congress. Applicants must possess strong written and oral
communication skills, be able to work well in a team environment, and must have
a minimum 3.0 GPA. Candidates with strong Texas ties are preferred. Interested
candidates should submit their resume and cover letter to
CarterInformation@mail.house.gov.

MEM-402-17

The office of Congresswoman Martha McSally is seeking spring interns for the
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
conducting Capitol tours, corresponding with constituents, researching legislative
issues, attending committee hearings, and assisting the Member and staff with
data management.
Interns will be expected to work a minimum of 24 hours per week, with
preference given to candidates who can work full time. Ideal candidates are selfstarters with strong interpersonal skills, writing capabilities, and attention to
detail. Interested candidates should email resumes to AZ02Intern@gmail.com.

MEM-401-17

The office of Congressman Jack Bergman (MI-01) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office for winter and spring sessions,
to start as early as November. Interns will be responsible for giving tours of the
Capitol, aiding in office administration, conducting research for staff, and
answering calls from the constituents of the unique First District of Michigan.
Candidates should have strong written and verbal communication skills, an
interest in public policy and the legislative process, and an acute attention to
detail. The position is unpaid, but opportunities for school credit are available.
Michigan ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should fill out
the application form available at bergman.house.gov.

MEM-399-17

California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the Winter 2017/ Spring
2018 internship session, to begin immediately. Interns will conduct legislative
research, compile press clips, assist with front office operations, help with
constituent relations, coordinate and conduct tours, and learn from staff about the
day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be
hardworking, creative, critical thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong
communications and writing skills are crucial. Northern California ties are

Page 15 of 23

preferred, but not required. Please submit a cover letter, brief writing sample, and
resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov..
MEM-398-17

Representative Claudia Tenney (NY-22) seeks interns for the Spring Semester.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing
mail, answering telephones, attending hearings and briefings, and any other office
tasks. Ideal candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written
communication skills. College credit is available if necessary. Preference will be
given to New York natives; however, all are encouraged to apply. This internship
is unpaid. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
Joan.Stanton@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-396-17

Congresswoman Judy Chu (CA-27) is accepting applications for internship
positions available in her Washington D.C. office. Positions are available starting
immediately, and applications will be considered on a rolling basis, with priority
given to those received by November 3rd. This unpaid internship will provide
valuable hands-on experience in a Congressional office and a greater
understanding of the legislative process. Responsibilities will include, but are not
limited to, attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol,
conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing tour and
flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and courteous
demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, fastidious
attention to detail, and interest in the legislative and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent graduates seeking
Capitol Hill experience. All majors are encouraged to apply. California ties are
preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume, cover
letter, and a short writing sample to internapp.ca27@mail.house.gov with “CA-27
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-394-17

Congressman Barton’s D.C. office is seeking full-time interns for the spring of
2018. While this position is unpaid, your time here will strengthen your
understanding of the legislative process and give you invaluable experience of the
operations necessary to be an effective member of a Congressional team. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, phone assistance, conducting tours
of the U.S. Capitol, researching federal legislation and assisting legislative staff
in various research projects. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend
legislative briefings, congressional hearings and receptions on Capitol Hill.
Candidates with a strong work ethic and great communication skills are
encouraged to apply. Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral
and written communication skills, be able to accomplish a variety of tasks and
pitch in where needed, and be responsible, dependable and eager to learn. Ties to
Texas are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their
resume and cover letter to caroline.waller@mail.house.gov.

Page 16 of 23

MEM-393-17

Rep. Yvette D. Clarke (NY-09) is seeking an unpaid fall 2017 full-time or parttime health fellow available to start now. Fellows will gain firsthand knowledge
on a range of healthcare issues within the Energy and Commerce’s jurisdiction.
Responsibilities include aiding in preparation for hearings, research, writing and
editing and meeting with healthcare stakeholders. Successful candidates will be
dependable, organized and possess exceptionally strong written and verbal
communications skills.
Candidates must have or be in the process of obtaining a graduate degree in
Public Health, Health Policy or Health Administration. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender
identity, disability or age. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to
apply.
Please send your resume, a cover letter and a writing sample (5 pages max.) to:
ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.

MEM-392-17

Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke (NY-09) seeks an unpaid press and digital
intern to assist a fast-paced communications operation. Qualified candidates
should have an interest in communications, strong computer skills, and good
writing and editing abilities.
Specific tasks include:
• Helping put together our monthly e-newsletter;
• Assisting with media monitoring and building press lists;
• Drafting press releases and related media materials;
• Developing social media content and graphics;
• Conducting research for communications and legislative staff; and
• Answering phones and writing constituent correspondence
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and minority candidates
are encouraged to apply.
Please send your resume, a cover letter and a writing sample (5 pages max.) to:
ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.

MEM-390-17

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
seeking interns for the spring semester. Interns are asked to work with staff to
help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on substantive
research and oversight projects in addition to press matters. Furthermore, interns
will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as
answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.

Page 17 of 23

Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-389-17

Vice Chairman of House Foreign Affairs Committee and House Armed Services
Committee Member seeking Military Affairs Intern.
The Office of Congressman Paul Cook (CA-District 8), Vice Chairman of House
Foreign Affairs Committee and member of House Armed Services Committee
and House Natural Resources Committee, is pleased to announce vacancy for the
position of Intern to begin August 2017 or as soon as possible. This opportunity
will provide college level students and recent graduates hands on work with
legislation regarding foreign policy, international relations, military affairs, and
defense policy in a moderate Republican office. Interns will learn about the
intricacies of the legislative branch and how the House of Representatives
operates by attending hearings with the Congressman and preparing key research
and legislation that the Congressman will review, in addition to other tasks listed
below.
Responsibilities:
• Explore policy ideas and perform research projects
• Attend Congressional Hearings
• Work with staff on legislative research and drafting
• Answering telephones
• Lead constituent tours
• Other tasks as needed
Qualifications:
• Good oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work in a group or with constituents and remain professional
and courteous at all times
• Good organizational skills
• Responsible and dependable
• Eager to learn attitude
If you would like to apply for our internship program please contact our Intern
Coordinator, Bert Johnson, at Bert.Johnson@mail.house.gov with your Resume
and availability range.

MEM-388-17

Vice Chairman of House Foreign Affairs Committee seeking Foreign Affairs
Intern
The Office of Congressman Paul Cook (CA-District 8), Vice Chairman of House
Foreign Affairs Committee and member of House Armed Services Committee
and House Natural Resources Committee, is pleased to announce vacancy for the
position of Intern to begin August 2017 or as soon as possible. This opportunity
Page 18 of 23

will provide college level students and recent graduates hands on work with
legislation regarding foreign policy, international relations, military affairs, and
defense policy in a moderate Republican office. Interns will learn about the
intricacies of the legislative branch and how the House of Representatives
operates by attending hearings with the Congressman and preparing key research
and legislation that the Congressman will review, in addition to other tasks listed
below.
Responsibilities:
• Explore policy ideas and perform research projects
• Attend Congressional Hearings
• Work with staff on legislative research and drafting
• Answering telephones
• Lead constituent tours
• Other tasks as needed
Qualifications:
• Good oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work in a group or with constituents and remain professional
and courteous at all times
• Good organizational skills
• Responsible and dependable
• Eager to learn attitude
If you would like to apply for our internship program please contact our Intern
Coordinator, Bert Johnson, at Bert.Johnson@mail.house.gov with your Resume
and availability range.
MEM-386-17

U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ) seeks spring semester interns for his
Washington, DC office. This internship term runs from January through May.
Duties include sorting and processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone
calls, attending briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading
tours of the Capitol, and drafting constituent correspondence. This internship is
unpaid. Ties to New Jersey are strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the
Ways and Means Committee and as the Ranking Member on the Ways and
Means Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to work in a
veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested applicants should
send a resume and cover letter to Christopher Hadad
(Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).

MEM-385-17

The Office of Congressman David Price is currently accepting applications for
our spring internship program running from January 2017 through the beginning
of May. This position requires greeting guests and constituents, answering phone
calls, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent
Page 19 of 23

correspondence letters, writing legislative memos, and assisting in general day to
day activities. While unpaid, this position ensures a wonderful work environment
and will strengthen your understanding of Congress and Washington.
The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of
major. Qualified candidates will be hard working, possess strong written and oral
skills, and have the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested
candidates should submit their application here: https://price.house.gov/kidsstudents/internships Should you have any questions, please reach out to our office
via email at nc04.intern@mail.house.gov.
MEM-384-17

Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with
legislative, policy and administrative support. The individual is required to
demonstrate exceptional research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Performs legislative and policy research.
• Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups
by:
o Researching background on witnesses and hearing topics.
o Finalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff.
o Delivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
• Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee.
• Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
o Answering Phones
o General office tidiness and maintenance
• Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and
policy negotiations, discussions and other activities.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least a sophomore in college. Coursework and experience in Political
Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related field is
preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written communication
skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines. Must be familiar
with Microsoft Office.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
elise.phillips@mail.house.gov.

MEM-383-17

The Washington, DC office of Congressman McKinley (WV-01) is seeking a
motivated, flexible, and reliable intern to fill fall and spring positions. Ideal
candidates will be in their undergraduate or graduate careers Successful
candidates will possess strong written and oral communication skills,
organization, an ability to multi-task, resilience in a fast paced environment, and
an interest in learning about the political process. West Virginia ties are
preferable.

Page 20 of 23

Intern responsibilities include answering constituent calls, emails, sorting mail,
helping with legislative projects, processing flag and tour requests, composing
and editing letters, and other projects. We are looking for both legislative and
communications interns. Please specify your preference in your email.
This is an unpaid position, however networking opportunities, resume and skill
building, as well as experience all make this a worthwhile position.
This is a rolling position, flexible to meet your availability and start dates. It’s
ideal for a local or state student or a recent graduate looking to gain some traction
in Washington, DC and in politics, energy, labor, and other areas.
If interested, please contact my DC office at 202-225-4172 or my staff assistant at
Eleanor.weaver@mail.house.gov. Please send a resume and a brief email cover
letter about why you are an appropriate candidate.
MEM-381-17

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking unpaid legislative interns for
the Spring Semester. Qualified candidates have academic or professional
experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and
excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, and event support.
Intern duties will include assisting with administrative and legislative tasks,
answering phones, processing mail, providing capitol tours, and attending
briefings. Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate
New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page
writing sample, and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with
“Fall Internship” in the subject field.

MEM-380-17

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking an unpaid press intern to
assist with fast-paced communications operation for Spring 2018. Qualified
candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can
work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following:
writing, editing, event support, social media (esp. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram)
and photography.
Intern duties may include:
-

Daily press clips
Answering phones
Drafting documents for distribution to media
Messaging & interview prep documents
Social media content development
Event photography
…and more!

Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample

Page 21 of 23

and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with “Press
Internship” in the subject field.
MEM-379-17

The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience
in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates
will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary
responsibilities include supporting the Committee’s operations, managing mail
and manning the front desk, as well as assisting with Committee hearings. Interns
may also be asked to assist with investigative research or other projects as
needed. Applications are currently being accepted for Winter and Spring interns.
To apply please send your cover letter, resume and 2-3-page writing sample to
oversight.democrats@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Internship.”

MEM-378-17

The Majority House Committee on the Budget is now accepting applications for
spring 2018 internships.
As an intern with the House Budget Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting Committee staff in assignments that include, but are not limited to:
compiling the daily Budget News Clips, sorting and processing mail, answering
the phones, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special
projects.
Full and part-time positions are available to students currently enrolled in school
or recent graduates. College students pursuing a Political Science and/or
Economics major, or those interested in government, are encouraged to apply.
Internships during the school year last a full semester. Course credit may be
available through your school. Paid internships are available for interns who are
not receiving course credit through their university.
Please complete and return the application, along with your resume, cover letter,
and a one page writing sample in a single PDF document to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The link to download the application is located
at https://budget.house.gov/about/internships/.

MEM-377-17

Rep. Chuck Fleischmann (TN-03) is taking applications for Spring 2017 interns
in his Washington, D.C. office. Interns assist the Staff Assistant with daily
operations, including greeting constituents, answering telephones, and giving
Capitol tours. Interns will also assist legislative and press staff with special
projects related to constituent mail, research, and media outreach. The internship
is unpaid. For more information or to apply, please visit
http://fleischmann.house.gov/services/internships
<http://fleischmann.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-375-17

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be professional,
Page 22 of 23

quick learners, and phenomenal team players, and should be able to begin in
January 2018. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative,
and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings
and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol,
assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag
requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity to
learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office and
to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in Congressman
Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an unparalleled knowledge
and understanding of the development of public policy. Full-time candidates with
California ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to
apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-374-17

The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for
unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Spring 2018. The internship will
offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative
process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors,
sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading
tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our
internship program begins in January until the end of May. First priority will be
given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter, a
short writing sample (1-2 pages) and work availability with the subject line “D.C
Spring 2018 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus, but
are not required.

MEM-350-17

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns to fill Fall and Spring
positions. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral
communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fastpaced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and
congressional affairs. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, attending briefings, conducting
legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as
necessary. California ties are a plus.
Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
Robert.Clark@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.

Page 23 of 23

