________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 22, 2017

MEM-303-17

The Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee on the Republican
side of the House Foreign Affairs Committee is seeking a Fall intern to handle
administrative and some policy duties in the office. Duties will include answering
phones, handling logistics for hearings, conducting research, and drafting
statements.
Qualified candidates will have a foreign policy background, possess excellent
writing and communication skills, and be well-organized, responsible, and detailoriented.
All interested applicants should e-mail their cover letter, resume, and a 2-5 page
writing sample to tnthfac@gmail.com. Cover letters should include the
applicant's anticipated availability for the duration of the internship; writing
samples may be excerpts of larger works. No walk-ins or phone calls please.

MEM-301-17

The Office of Congressman Al Green is seeking full-time and part-time interns
for his Washington, D.C. office for the fall. Candidates must be students able to
receive academic credit for their internship. Candidates must possess strong
research and writing skills, as well as an ability to meet deadlines and multi-task
Page 1 of 19

in a fast-paced, high-energy environment. The ideal candidate will also have a
strong interest in public policy. Duties will include, but are not limited to, the
following: Attending policy briefings, hearings, roundtables, and other policyrelated events; drafting memos and talking points; researching policy issues and
statistics; tracking legislative debates and policy positions of external
stakeholders; and answering phones, and miscellaneous tasks as needed. Please
send a resume and 1-2 page writing sample to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov,
with the subject line “2017 Fall Internship.” This position is unpaid. We will
accept applications on a rolling basis until the positions are filled. Please no
phone calls or walk-ins.
MEM-300-17

The Office of Congressman Sarbanes (MD-03) is currently seeking college
students or recent graduates for the Fall 2017 internship program in Washington,
DC. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, drafting constituent
correspondence, assisting the Communications Director with various projects,
attending briefings and writing memos for legislative staff, conducting research
for various legislative projects, and providing administrative support for the
office. Preference will be given to interns with full-time availability.
Ideal candidates must possess a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing
skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for
learning. Ties to Maryland strongly preferred. Interested applicants may send a
resume, cover letter, two short writing samples, and work availability with the
subject line “Fall 2017 Internship” to Lucy Shaw at lucy.shaw@mail.house.gov.

MEM-298-17

Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking interns to work in his
Washington, DC office for the Fall semester. Intern responsibilities include
greeting guests in the front office, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol
building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have
the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a
positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication
skills. Those interested should send their resume and cover letter to
adrienne.schrodt@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis,
so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted
to accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties preferred but not required.

MEM-297-17

The office of Congressman Jeb Hensarling (TX-05) is seeking capable, detailoriented, and responsible candidates for an unpaid internship in their
Washington, D.C. office this fall. Responsibilities include greeting visitors,
taking phone calls, giving tours of the Capitol to constituents, sorting mail, and
assisting the staff with various administrative and legislative tasks.
Candidates should demonstrate excellent organizational and interpersonal skills,
as well as a strong work ethic and positive attitude. Interns will have the
opportunity to learn a great deal about the political process and our system of
Page 2 of 19

government. Hours for interns are 8:30am to 6:00pm when Congress is in
session, and 9:00am to 5:00pm out of session, Monday through Friday.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
Hensarling.Tours@mail.house.gov. Use the subject line: Fall 2017 Internship
Application. Texas ties are strongly preferred.
MEM-296-17

Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern
for her Washington, D.C. office for fall 2017 (September - December). This
internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fastpaced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties
include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members
with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to
attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be
motivated; detail orientated and possesses strong communication and writing
skills. This is a great opportunity for college students or recent graduates seeking
Hill experience. Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a
resume and cover letter to timothy.huebner@mail.house.gov.

MEM-294-17

North Carolina Democratic Member of Congress is seeking an unpaid press
intern for the Fall Semester in the Washington, D.C. office. The ideal candidate
will have graphic design experience, excellent oral- and written-communication
skills, and be able to work effectively under deadlines. The press intern will work
closely with the communications staff in preparing graphics for use on social
media, compiling press clips, assisting with pitching, preparing research, and
writing speeches. The press intern will also assist with other administrative office
duties as needed. North Carolina ties are appreciated but not required. All
interested candidates should email nchousejobs@gmail.com with the subject
“Press Intern” and include their resume, a cover letter, one writing example, and a
sample graphic.

MEM-293-17

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for an internship in Washington, DC
for Fall 2017. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the
ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a
solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading tours, assisting legislative staff with research,
attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting
constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning immediately.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to:

Page 3 of 19

Alex.Huang@mail.house.gov. Please indicate expected dates and hours available
to work in your cover letter.
MEM-290-17

Congressman Pete Olson’s Washington DC office is currently accepting
internship applications for the Fall semester. Students and recent graduates
interested in learning more about our country’s legislative process are encouraged
to apply. Interns will gain first-hand experience assisting with community
inquiries, casework with federal agencies, provide Capitol tours, and legislative
research, as well as attending Congressional events like briefings, hearings, and
meetings. All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to
Keeley Tenney at TX22internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-289-17

The Office of Congressman John Faso (NY-19) is accepting resumes for
internships in the Washington, DC office.
This internship is available starting in mid-August, 2017 and is unpaid. It is open
to all majors and class years. New York ties are preferred.
The duties and responsibilities of the internship include:
•
•
•
•

Constituent Relations: Answering phone calls in a kind and professional
manner, responding to mail, and greeting guests in the office;
Attending and preparing summaries on hearings, briefings, and markups;
Drafting reports and correspondence as necessary;
All other duties as assigned.

This intern will be assisting the residents of New York’s 19th Congressional
District with their issues regarding legislation. It is required that the intern will
field calls from constituents and will be expected to register those calls into our
database for the Congressman’s review. This intern may be asked to aid members
of the staff and Congressman Faso.
A good candidate for this internship should possess:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Strong interpersonal communication skills;
Knowledge of current events and national issues;
The ability to multi-task;
A positive attitude, good work ethic, and dedication to the task at hand;
Interest in helping others;
Basic computer skills.

Candidates who fit the above description and wish to apply for this internship
may send their resume and cover letter to: regan.delaney@mail.house.gov.

Page 4 of 19

MEM-287-17

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) is currently seeking interns to work in his
Washington, DC office for the fall semester. Intern responsibilities include
greeting constituents, answering constituent phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, guiding Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist
with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional
hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work
ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Social media and
other communications experience are a plus.
Those interested should please send resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis,
so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted
to accommodate other work/class schedules. All internships are unpaid, but
academic credit is available for qualifying students. State ties preferred but not
required.

MEM-285-17

The office of Congressman Robert Pittenger (R-NC) is currently accepting
applications for legislative interns for this Fall. Candidates should be highly
qualified and have excellent writing, research, and interpersonal skills. Ideally,
candidates should also be motivated, analytical, and meticulous. This is
an unpaid position, but interns will have the opportunity to collaborate with the
legislative staff on various projects and regularly attend hearings, briefings, and
meetings. Responsibilities also include answering phones, leading tours of the
Capitol, corresponding with constituents, and other miscellaneous tasks for the
legislative staff. Internships can be full or part-time with flexible hours to
accommodate student course schedules. Academic credit may also be available
based on the candidate's academic institution.
Interested candidates should email a resume to Drew.Nirenberg@mail.house.gov.

MEM-283-17

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a press intern
for Fall 2017. Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written
communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about press
operations, the political process, and congressional affairs. The intern will assist
in the day-to-day operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting
congressional staff with press clips and constituent communication. The intern
will also help to draft press releases, prep memos, and social media posts, in
addition to assisting with legislative research and administrative
activities. Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this
internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, writing sample,
and cover letter to HI02Internships@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

Page 5 of 19

MEM-282-17

The Office of Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster (NH-02) is seeking interns
interested in gaining hands-on experience in her Washington, D.C. office for the
fall of 2017 Semester.
Qualified interns are able to actively observe the legislative process while
participating in the administrative operations of a Congressional Office. Interns
will have the opportunity to expand their knowledge about public policy and the
legislative process by attending hearings, briefings and receptions while also
providing support to the legislative team. Interns also work directly with
constituents through answering phone calls, drafting correspondence letters,
responding to emails, and giving Capitol tours. Interns are encouraged to further
their education in legislative issues they find most interesting and are often asked
to provide direct support to legislative staffers in the research and analysis of
these issues.
Responsibilities will consist of administrative, communications, and legislative
support tasks, including but not limited to:
- Guiding tours of the U.S. Capitol
- Researching relevant legislative issues
- Attending hearings and briefings on behalf of staff as requested
- Performing general office and administrative duties and assisting with
front office management
- Drafting constituent correspondence
- Inputting and organizing constituent communication
This position is unpaid. Qualified candidates should have a strong interest in
political events, office experience, excellent writing and communication skills,
attention to detail, initiative and the ability to learn quickly in a fast-paced
environment. New Hampshire ties are welcomed but not required.
Resume and cover letter should be sent to Eliza Cowie, Staff Assistant, at
eliza.cowie@mail.house.gov.

MEM-281-17

Congressman Michael E. Capuano (MA-07) is looking for interns to join his
Washington, D.C. team for a full-time, unpaid internship during fall, for a
duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and
writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hardworking intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more
complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous
Page 6 of 19

internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a onepage writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to
eliza.ramirez@mail.house.gov.
MEM-280-17

The Office of U.S. Rep. Justin Amash is seeking bright, liberty-minded students
to intern for the spring, summer, and fall semesters.
Regular hours for interns in the Washington office are 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. on voting
days and 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on nonvoting days. The office may accommodate
interns who are available only part time.
Successful applicants will have a positive attitude and friendly demeanor, possess
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and demonstrate a strong
commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, and the defense of the
Constitution.
Responsibilities in the Washington office may include leading U.S. Capitol tours,
answering phones, attending legislative briefings and other meetings, entering
data, and assisting staff with legislative research and correspondence. Interns will
have the opportunity to interact with Rep. Amash on a daily basis and will learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office.
To apply for an internship, please contact our office
at mi03.internship@mail.house.gov.
Required application materials include a résumé, cover letter, and two short
writing samples. Cover letters should note availability (full or part time) and the
semester of interest.
Please include "Rep. Amash internship - Washington" in the subject line for all
Washington, DC, internship applications.

MEM-278-17

The Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee on the Republican
side of the House Foreign Affairs Committee is seeking a spring intern to handle
administrative and some policy duties in the office. Duties will include answering
phones, handling logistics for hearings, conducting research, and drafting
statements.
Qualified candidates will have a foreign policy background, possess excellent
writing and communication skills, and be well-organized, responsible, and detailoriented.
All interested applicants should e-mail their cover letter, resume, and a 2-5 page
writing sample to tnthfac@gmail.com by September 30, 2017. Cover letters
should include the applicant's anticipated availability for the duration of the
internship; writing samples may be excerpts of larger works. No walk-ins or
phone calls please.
Page 7 of 19

MEM-277-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) is seeking fall interns for his Washington
office. Spanish skills and Texas connection a plus. Send resume, brief writing
sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use the subject
line: Fall Internship application. No drop-ins please.

MEM-276-17

Legislative Fellow
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to work on issues related to the economy, housing and financial services
under the supervision of the Legislative Director.
• to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House
floor;
• to write Floor speeches for the Member
• to draft constituent correspondence for the Member; and
• to meet with constituents and special interest groups on behalf of the
Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• in an official fellowship program;
• strong academic credentials;
• strong leadership and organizational skills;
• excellent oral and written communication skills;
• thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation
and recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• ability to work well under pressure;
• commitment to inclusive prosperity and economic opportunity;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail; and
• availability to work long hours and at night.
DUTIES:
• formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas which includes:
1. devising a legislative plan;
2. drafting the plan into legislative form;
3. planning, coordinating and scheduling introduction of legislation in
the House (or offering it on an appropriate vehicle if it is an
amendment);
4. gathering support for a bill or amendment from other Members, as
well as appropriate interest groups;
5. working with committees on legislation;
6. coordinating legislative support to get the bill passed in the House.

Page 8 of 19

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•

tracks legislation and other developments in his or her assigned issue
areas and briefs the Member for floor work, committee work, work in the
district, and outside House-related activities;
monitors legislative developments within committees;
manage the Congressman’s small business portfolio and may work on
other issues based on interest;
plans and coordinates co-sponsorship and support of other legislation;
monitors legislation on the House floor, providing the Member with
information on each vote;
writes Floor speeches for the Member;
if assigned to issues pending before a specific committee, prepares for and
attends committee meetings and hearings with or without the Member
(i.e., keeps in contact with committee staff and meets with interest groups
and constituents with interests in such meetings);
performs special projects assigned by the Member or Chief of Staff/
Administrative Assistant;
meets with constituents and interest groups;
answers constituent letters and helps constituents on federal matters; and
performs other duties as assigned.

This is an unpaid position usually filled by someone in an official fellowship
program. The fellowship is available starting in August/ September with
flexibility on the end date. To apply, send an email with your cover letter
inserted into the text of the email and attach your resume and a short writing
sample (with your name saved in the title of both attached documents) to
Position.MN05@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-270-17

North Carolina Democratic Member of Congress is currently seeking interns for
the Fall Semester in the Washington, DC office. Although all internships in all
offices are unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. Our interns'
responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run errands,
research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and
briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a
result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of
a congressional office.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session. Students will be supervised by the DC Office Staff
Assistant, who will train them to perform the aforementioned responsibilities.
Students will leave the internship with a greater understanding of how a
Congressional office works, how constituent relationships are forged and
maintained, and how the legislative process works.
Students should be highly motivated, ready to learn, and eager to work in a fastpaced environment.
Page 9 of 19

Please apply by emailing a resume and cover letter to nchousejobs@gmail.com.
MEM-269-17

The office of Congressman Walter B. Jones (NC-03) is currently seeking
applicants for an internship in either his Washington, D.C. or Greenville, N.C.
office for the Fall 2017 term. Interns in the Washington office help draft
constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, and
function as a key part of the staff. Interns also assist with answering phone calls,
providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the mail that the office receives. In
the state office, interns will interact with constituents, work with federal agencies,
and participate in outreach projects in order to resolve problems facing the people
of Eastern North Carolina, as well as assist the staff with various administrative
tasks. We’re looking for college students or recent graduates who are motivated,
detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fast paced setting. The ideal candidate
possesses strong organizational, communication, and writing skills, as well as the
ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure in a team
environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a must. Although the
internship is unpaid, you will gain valuable professional experience and an inside
look at the lawmaking process on Capitol Hill. Academic credit is available for
qualifying students. North Carolina and/or military ties are preferred, but not
required. Interested candidates should apply at www.jones.house.gov by August
25, 2017.

MEM-268-17

Congressman John Conyers, Jr. (MI-13), Dean of the House of Representatives,
Ranking Member on House Judiciary Committee, and longtime advocate for Dr.
Martin Luther King, Jr.’s vision of “Jobs, Justice, and Peace,” seeks full-time or
part-time unpaid interns/fellows with interest and/or background in
macroeconomic policy, in particular a focus on promoting a full employment
economy (see goo.gl/QP5xLV); AND/OR interest and/or background in
international relations and a deep commitment to promoting de-escalation of
conflict abroad through diplomatic engagement. While absolutely not required,
grassroots advocacy experience, web design skills, foreign language skills
(particularly Spanish, Haitian Creole, Portuguese, Arabic, Russian, or Korean),
and/or graduate degrees in a relevant field are preferred. The position will
include significant research, writing, event planning, and creative thinking to
advance Congressman Conyers’ agenda. This is a policy-oriented position -administrative tasks will be kept to a minimum. To apply, send a resume and
brief cover letter (and, if possible, a brief writing sample on a relevant topic),
highlighting your passion, relevant experience, and potential work availability to
JobsJusticePeace2017@gmail.com. Women, minorities, immigrants, individuals
with disabilities, individuals from economically disadvantaged backgrounds, and
veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. If you are not sure whether you are
qualified, but are interested, please do not hesitate to apply.

MEM-265-17

Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking intelligent, hard-working
college students to serve as fall interns in his office. Interns in the Congressman's
Page 10 of 19

office will have the opportunity to witness legislative process, give Capitol
building tours, and attend briefings. Send cover letter and resume to
Elizabeth.Diohep@mail.house.gov with subject line "Estes Fall Internship."
Please save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the
file "First name, Last name." The deadline to apply for the fall is August 10st,
2017.
MEM-264-17

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Tom Reed is currently seeking full
– or part – time interns for the Fall 2017 semester. Ideal candidates should be
professional, dependable, and possess strong communication skills. Intern
responsibilities include answering phones, giving guided tours of the Capitol,
constituent correspondence, attending hearing and briefings, and other legislative
projects. Internships are unpaid, but are a great opportunity to gain professional
and educational experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
New York ties are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should send
their resume and cover letter with the subject line “Fall Internship” to
samara.brown@mail.house.gov.

MEM-263-17

Vice Chairman of House Foreign Affairs Committee and House Armed Services
Committee Member seeking qualified Intern to begin immediately.
The Office of Congressman Paul Cook (CA-District 8), Vice Chairman of House
Foreign Affairs Committee and member of House Armed Services Committee
and House Natural Resources Committee, is pleased to announce vacancy for the
position of Intern to begin August 2017 or as soon as possible. This opportunity
will provide college level students or recent graduates hands on work with
legislation regarding foreign policy, international relations, military affairs, and
defense policy in a moderate Republican office. Interns will learn about the
intricacies of the legislative branch and how the House of Representatives
operates by attending hearings with the Congressman and preparing key research
and legislation that the Congressman will review, in addition to other tasks listed
below.
Responsibilities:
• Explore policy ideas and perform research projects
• Attend Congressional Hearings
• Work with staff on legislative research and drafting
• Answering telephones
• Lead constituent tours
• Other tasks as needed
Qualifications:
• Good oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work in a group or with constituents and remain professional
and courteous at all times.
Page 11 of 19

•
•
•

Good organizational skills
Responsible and dependable
Eager to learn attitude

If you would like to apply for our internship program please contact our Intern
Coordinator, Bert Johnson, at Bert.Johnson@mail.house.gov with your Resume
and availability range.
MEM-262-17

The Office of Congresswoman Norton (DC-00) has openings for full-time and
part-time Congressional interns. Responsibilities include: researching legislative
issues, attending legislative briefings and hearings, answering phone calls,
processing constituent mail, giving Capitol tours, assisting with communications
and media materials.
Applicants should be enthusiastic, reliable, professional, hardworking, and have
strong writing and communication skills. Washington D.C. ties are required.
Internships begin late August, early September. These positions are unpaid.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and one-page writing
sample to Camilo.Manjarres@mail.house.gov.

MEM-261-17

The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for
unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Fall 2017. The internship will offer
students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative
process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors,
sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading
tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our
internship program begins in September until the end of December. First priority
will be given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover
letter and work availability with the subject line “Fall 2017 Internship” to
fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus, but are not required.

MEM-259-17

The office of Congressman Robert Pittenger is currently accepting applications
for interns for this Fall. Candidates should be highly qualified and have excellent
writing, research, and interpersonal skills. Ideally, candidates should also be
motivated, analytical, and meticulous. This is an unpaid position, but interns
will have the opportunity to collaborate with the legislative staff on
various projects and regularly attend hearings, briefings, and meetings.
Responsibilities also include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
corresponding with constituents, and other miscellaneous tasks for the
legislative staff. Internships can be full or part-time with flexible hours to
accommodate student course schedules. Academic credit may also be available
based on the candidate's academic institution.

Page 12 of 19

Interested candidates should email a resume to Drew.Nirenberg@mail.house.gov.
MEM-258-17

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Fall 2017. The
internship is scheduled to run during August through December, depending on
the availability of the applicant.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are
considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain
experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a
Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting
constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and
hearings. Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their
internship through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter,
writing sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov
with "2017 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be
accepted.

MEM-257-17

Alabama Democratic Member of Congress is seeking a hardworking and creative
press intern to fill a fall position. This is an excellent opportunity for those who
are interested in communications, politics, digital media, and press. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, writing e-newsletters, designing
and curating social media, drafting press advisories and op-eds, traditional press
outreach, and analyzing the results of your work. Successful candidates will
possess strong communication skills and an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment. The Press Intern will work side-by-side with and report to the Press
Secretary. Candidates with one to two years of experience preferred. Please send
a résumé, cover letter, and writing sample to Sewell.Press@mail.house.gov, with
“Press Intern” in the subject line.”

MEM-254-17

The Office of Congressman Dave Loebsack is seeking interns for the Fall
Semester. The internship will begin in mid/late August and extend through late
November/early December. We are accepting both full and part time applicants.
Qualified candidates will possess an interest in the legislative process, good
writing and communication skills, and the desire to work in a fast-paced
environment. Responsibilities will include: communicating with constituents by
phone and mail, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, administrative support,
attending hearings/briefings, and conducting research. Iowa ties are strongly
preferred but not required.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject line.

Page 13 of 19

MEM-253-17

The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Majority) is currently accepting
applications for full-time internships for the Fall 2017 session. Working closely
with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand
knowledge of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional
committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced, front office answering
phones and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting staff with
hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research
projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates must have a
genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic, team player
attitude. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred. Please note the
internships are unpaid positions. Please send cover letter and resume to:
var.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-252-17

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) seeks undergraduate or graduate
students for full-time or part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, DC
office. As a fast-paced office for an active member of the Democratic leadership,
we expect a lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship
program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail,
attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research
assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess excellent
writing and communications skills, strong attention to detail, and an interest in
the legislative process. Colorado ties preferred but not required. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to
CO01.scheduler@mail.house.gov.

MEM-251-17

California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time
interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified
candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office,
intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give
tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication,
research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and
briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid but the office will
provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their
respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and
cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.

MEM-250-17

Congresswoman Elizabeth H. Esty’s Washington, D.C. office is currently seeking
unpaid interns for fall 2017. Interns will gain valuable exposure to and
knowledge of the legislative process, communications, and the United States
Congress.

Page 14 of 19

Duties include:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Greeting constituents and answering phones
• Drafting constituent outreach materials
• Performing legislative research
• Leading tours of the Capitol
• Attending policy briefings and meetings
• Conducting research and additional tasks to assist the legislative and
communications teams
Qualifications: An ardent desire to help others is required. We are seeking hardworking and detail-oriented college students with outstanding communication
and time management skills. Applicants should have an ability to work in a fastpaced environment, have basic computer skills, possess excellent writing skills,
and have an enthusiastic attitude. Interns are accepted throughout the year on both
a full and part-time (at least 15 hours/week) basis. District ties preferred but not
required.
To apply for an internship in the DC office, please submit a cover letter, resume,
and a brief writing sample (1-2 pages) to Conor.Douglass@mail.house.gov. If
you have any questions, please contact Conor Douglass at (202) 225-4476.
We are currently accepting fall 2017 internship applications. The deadline to
apply is September 1, 2017.
Internships are available expressly for the purpose of furthering educational
objectives; therefore they are unpaid and usually awarded to those enrolled in
accredited educational institutions.
Thank you for your interest. We welcome your participation and look forward to
receiving your application.
MEM-249-17

Congressman Steve Womack is currently seeking hard-working interns in his
Washington, D.C. office for the Fall Semester, August through December. Interns
will work closely with Congressman Womack’s staff and constituents while
learning the inner workings of the United States Congress and about issues
affecting Arkansans. Duties include, but are not limited to, leading tours of the
U.S. Capitol, sorting constituent mail, answering phones, attending hearings and
briefings, and assisting staff members. Those interested in political science,
government, public policy, business, and social work are encouraged to
apply. Congressman Womack is a member of the Appropriations Committee,
and serves on the Defense, Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related
Agencies, and Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related
Agencies subcommittees. He also sits on the Budget Committee. Any interested
candidates should send a current resume and cover letter to
hannah.shea@mail.house.gov.
Page 15 of 19

MEM-248-17

Alabama Democratic Congresswoman Terri A. Sewell is currently seeking full
time and part time interns for the Fall 2017 semester in her fast-paced
Washington, D.C office. Ideal candidates must be highly motivated, have strong
writing skills, an ability to multi-task, and a 3.0 GPA or higher. Applicants must
also be a rising undergraduate sophomore or higher. Alabama ties are a plus. Job
responsibilities include, but are not limited to: legislative research, drafting
correspondence, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, and sorting mail. This
internship is unpaid. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and
writing sample (500 words or less) to Robert.Nuttall@mail.house.gov. Applicants
will be accepted on a rolling basis. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-247-17

Congressman Sean P. Duffy is looking for fall interns! We are looking for
energetic and driven individuals who are eager to learn. Congressman Duffy
represents Wisconsin’s 7th Congressional District and serves on the House
Financial Services Committee as the Chairman of the House Financial Services
Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance. The internship program is a very
hands-on program where our goal is to make you feel like you are a part of the
team and not just an intern whose sole responsibility is to answer phones. The
main mission of the program is placement. Our hope is that after our interns leave
the program they are prepared to step right into a Staff Assistant or maybe even a
Legislative Correspondent position on Capitol Hill. If you are a student or recent
graduate and think you would benefit from this opportunity please email your
resume and cover letter to Jake Orta, Jake.Orta@mail.house.gov.
DUTIES:
•
•
•
•
•

Provide constituents with tours of the U.S. Capitol
Responsible for being responsive to constituent inquiries
Answer telephone calls and respond appropriately
Complete an intern recap video with the intern team
Attend briefings, workshops, and/or house learning center classes

CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•
•

Legislative Research
Writing constituent correspondence
Administrative Duties
Tours of the U.S. Capitol

QUALIFICATIONS:
•
•
•

Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Track record of responsibility
Exemplifies great customer service
Page 16 of 19

MEM-246-17

The Office of Congressman Anthony G. Brown (D-MD04) seeks legislative
interns with excellent oral and written communication skills for Fall 2017 in the
Washington, D.C. Office. Responsibilities include compiling research on bills
and various issue areas, attending committee hearings and briefings, drafting
correspondence and memos, and completing other projects and duties as assigned
by the legislative team. Applicants must be able to work both in a group setting
and independently. Candidates should have strong organizational skills, a positive
attitude and a willingness to learn. Qualified applicants should submit a cover
letter, resume, and a writing sample to both hannah.cooper@mail.house.gov and
ann.mathew@mail.house.gov with “MD04 Fall Internship” in the subject
line. Maryland ties preferred, but not required. No phone calls or drop-ins
please.

MEM-245-17

Representative Steve King (IA-04) seeks interns for the Fall Semester. Intern
duties include performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing mail,
answering telephones, attending hearings and briefings, and any other office
tasks. Ideal candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written
communication skills. Preference will be given to Iowa natives and residents of
the 4th district, however all are encouraged to apply. This internship is unpaid.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
IA04.Interns@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-244-17

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Fall 2017 semester in Washington DC. Intern
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to
the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should
send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject
line “Fall 2017 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.

MEM-242-17

Nevada Democratic Member of Congress is seeking a hardworking and reliable
press fellow to fill a summer and fall position. This is an excellent opportunity
for those who are interested in communications, including digital design and
social media. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, writing press
releases, media advisories, op-eds, and social media content creation, and other
press tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess strong
communication skills and an ability to work in a fast-paced environment. Fellow
will report to Communications Director. Candidates with one to two years of
experience preferred. Please send a résumé, cover letter, and portfolio to
Chelsea.Rosenberg@mail.house.gov, with “Press Fellow” in the subject line.

Page 17 of 19

MEM-241-17

Democratic Congresswoman Jacky Rosen seeks interns in her D.C. office. The
ideal candidate is a committed and diligent team player with a positive attitude
and possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity. We are looking for
someone with strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task and work
cooperatively and courteously with others. Duties include: answering telephone
calls, responding to general constituent inquiries and requests for tours, assisting
with constituent correspondence and research, and providing administrative
assistance to staff team. Undergraduate students or recent college graduates
preferred, Southern Nevada ties are a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged
to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
Chelsea.Rosenberg@mail.house.gov. Applications will be accepted on a rolling
basis.

MEM-240-17

The Office of Congressman David Price is currently accepting applications for
our fall internship program running from August 2017 through the beginning of
December. This position requires greeting guests and constituents, answering
phone calls, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, writing legislative memos, and assisting in general day to
day activities. While unpaid, this position ensures a wonderful work environment
and will strengthen your understanding of Congress and Washington. The
internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of major.
Qualified candidates will be hard working, possess strong written and oral skills,
and have the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested candidates
should send a resume, cover letter, and unofficial transcript to
nc04.intern@mail.house.gov.

MEM-236-17

The Office of the House Democratic Caucus Vice Chair is currently accepting
applications for a full-time internship during the 2017 Fall semester. Successful
candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to
detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of
humor. Primary responsibilities will include answering phones, leading Capitol
tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent
correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern
California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample
to lindasanchez.internship@mail.house.gov with “DC Fall 2017 Internship” in
the subject line.’

MEM-234-17

Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking intelligent, hard-working
college students to serve as fall interns in his office. Interns in the Congressman's
office will have the opportunity to witness legislative process, give Capitol
building tours, and attend briefings. Send cover letter and resume to
chris.naylor@mail.house.gov with subject line "Estes Fall Internship." Please
save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file
"First name, Last name." The deadline to apply for the fall is August 1st, 2017.
Page 18 of 19

Page 19 of 19

