________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 16, 2018

MEM-217-18

The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for
unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Fall 2018. The internship will offer
students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative
process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors,
sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading
tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our
internship program begins in August until the end of December. First priority will
be given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter, a
short writing sample (1-2 pages) and work availability with the subject line “D.C
Fall 2018 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus but are
not required.

MEM-216-18

The office of Congressman Dave Reichert (WA-08) is currently seeking
candidates for full and part-time internships in his Washington, D.C. office for
the fall session, with positions available starting mid-August. These are unpaid

Page 1 of 20

internships; however, opportunities for school credit are available if needed. The
internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of major.
Interns will observe firsthand the inner workings of a Congressional office, while
gaining relevant and valuable knowledge of the legislative process. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, conducting legislative research,
compiling press clips, assisting with front office operations, helping with
constituent relations, and receiving training in order to conduct U.S. Capitol
tours. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend legislative briefings and
congressional hearings on Capitol Hill.
Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic and be detailed-oriented and well
organized. He/she will also possess strong communication and writing skills, as
well as an enthusiasm for the political process and fast-paced congressional
operations. Successful candidates will be personable, adaptable, good-humored,
and service-oriented. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.
Congressman Reichert is a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee
and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to
work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested
applicants should send a resume and cover letter to wa08internship@gmail.com.
MEM-215-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is
seeking both full and part time legislative interns for fall 2018. Start date in midAugust/Early September and applicants must be a college sophomore or higher.
Typical tasks include answering phones, drafting letters, attending briefings and
writing memos, guiding Capitol Tours, batching constituent mail, and assisting
staff with various special projects. Successful interns must be professional, selfmotivated, eager to learn, work well under pressure, and detail-orientated. An
interest in politics and a positive attitude is a must. New York ties are preferred
but not required.
This internship is unpaid but provides invaluable professional experience, daily
interaction with Capitol Hill staff and officials, and the opportunity to be at the
center of American politics. Optional academic credit is also available.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter and resume to nyinterns18@gmail.com
with the subject line “FALL INTERNSHIP APPLICATION” by August 17th.

MEM-214-18

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for an internship in Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Page 2 of 20

Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with
research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as
necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning August 27th,
2018. To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to
Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter.
MEM-213-18

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01), a Senior Member of the Energy and
Commerce Committee, seeks undergraduate or graduate students for full-time or
part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, D.C. office. Duties include, but
are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting
constituent correspondence, and providing research assistance to the legislative
staff. Qualified candidates will have strong communication skill and an interest in
the legislative process. Colorado ties are preferred but not required. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
DeGette.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-212-18

The Office of Congressman Paul Cook (CA-District 8), is seeking an Intern to
begin August 2018. This opportunity will provide college level students, or recent
graduates, hands-on work with legislation regarding foreign policy, international
relations, military affairs, and defense policy in a Republican office. Interns will
learn about the intricacies of the legislative process and how the House of
Representatives operates.
Responsibilities:
• Explore policy ideas and perform research projects
• Attend Congressional Hearings
• Assist staff with legislative research
• Answer telephones
• Lead constituent tours
• Other tasks as needed
Qualifications:
• Exceptional oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work in a group or with constituents and remain professional
and courteous at all times.
• Excellent organizational skills
• Responsible and dependable
• Eager to learn attitude

Page 3 of 20

If you would like to apply for our internship program please contact our Intern
Coordinator, Bert Johnson, at Bert.Johnson@mail.house.gov with your Resume,
Cover Letter, and availability range.
MEM-211-18

U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY – Democratic Staff
POSITION DESCRIPTION

JOB TITLE:
Fall 2018 Intern
SUMMARY:
Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with policy
and administrative support. The individual is required to demonstrate exceptional
research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Performs legislative and policy research.
• Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups
by:
o Researching background on witnesses and hearing topics.
o Finalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff.
o Delivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
• Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee.
• Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
o Answering Phones
o General office tidiness and maintenance
• Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and
policy negotiations, discussions and other activities.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least a Sophomore in college. Coursework and experience in Political
Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related field is
preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written communication
skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines. Must be familiar
with Microsoft Office.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Amanda.Mims@mail.house.gov.
MEM-210-18

Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Washington,
D.C. team for a full-time, unpaid internship during the fall, for a duration of three
months or longer. Ideals candidates will be able to start early or mid-August.

Page 4 of 20

Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and
writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hardworking intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more
complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous
internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a onepage writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to
MA07.intern4@mail.house.gov.
MEM-311-18

Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) is seeking applications
for internship positions available in his Washington, D.C. office. Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis. This internship provides a great opportunity
to gain experience working in a Congressional office and get a first-hand look at
the legislative process.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, supporting legislative and
communications activities, helping with front office operations, assisting with
constituent relations, and giving tours of the Capitol. Candidates should be selfstarters with excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask effectively
and think critically, attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative and
governmental process.
This internship presents an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. Southern California ties are preferred,
but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color,
national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and
minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should email a
resume and cover letter to CA34.internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship
Application” in the subject line.

MEM-310-18

Congressman Bill Posey (FL-08) is currently seeking highly motivated and
organized applicants for a part-time or full-time unpaid internship starting in
Mid-August. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process,
excellent communication skills, attention to detail, and a positive attitude.
Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones,
leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, constituent correspondence, legislative research,
and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred, but are not
required. If interested, please send a resume to FL.Conservative@mail.house.gov.

MEM-309-18

The Office of the Representative Linda Sánchez is currently accepting
applications for a full-time internship. Ideal candidates will possess excellent
communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will
include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol
Page 5 of 20

tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and
assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are
preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with
“CA38 Internship” in the subject line.
MEM-308-18

Congressman Fred Upton is currently seeking interns for the Fall 2018 semester.
Fred represents Michigan’s 6th Congressional district in Southwest Michigan and
is a moderate Republican currently serving as Chair of the Subcommittee on
Energy. This position would be paid and the office is willing to work with
flexible hours. Typical duties for interns include taking constituent concerns,
giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, and assisting legislative and press staffers with
researching different policy issues. We hope you will consider applying. Please
send a resume and any questions to Ingrid at Ingrid.johnson@mail.house.gov, or
call our DC office at (202) 225-3761.

MEM-307-18

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04) seeks highly
motivated full or part-time interns for Fall 2018, available to start in September.
Internship will last into December. Successful candidates will demonstrate that
they are organized, detail-oriented, and professional. Strong written and oral
communication skills are essential.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will:
answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the
US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative
research. Internships are unpaid, but arrangements may be made to earn academic
credit. Interns will also participate in professional development activities within
the office.
Please send a resume, cover letter, three professional references and a brief
writing sample to OR04.InternCoordinator@mail.house.gov with the subject
“Fall 2018 Internship”. Applicants with part time schedules should include what
days/times they are available during the week. Candidates with Oregon ties are
strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-305-18

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
legislative interns in our Washington, D.C. office. Interns in our office perform
legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational
experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending
policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research,
producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members
on various projects of interest.
Page 6 of 20

Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! All
internships are unpaid. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2018 Pocan Fall Internship” in the subject
line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis no later than August 10th.
MEM-304-18

The Office of Congressman David Price is currently accepting applications for
our Fall internship program running from August 2018 through the middle of
December. This position requires greeting guests and constituents, answering
phone calls, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, writing legislative memos, and assisting in general day to
day activities. While unpaid, this position ensures a wonderful work environment
and will strengthen your understanding of Congress and Washington.
The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of
major. Qualified candidates will be hard working, possess strong written and oral
skills, and have the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested
candidates should submit their application here: https://price.house.gov/kidsstudents/internships. Should you have any questions, please reach out to our
office via email at nc04.intern@mail.house.gov.

MEM-303-18

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) seeks a Press Intern for
the fall of 2018 in the Washington, DC office. Primary responsibilities will
include: compiling and distributing daily news clips, media monitoring, drafting
graphics, social media content, press releases, and floor speeches. Candidates
must have strong written and verbal communication skills as well as the ability to
work under tight deadlines. Hawaii ties are preferred, but not required. Please
send a resume, brief cover letter, two short writing samples, and availability to
Lauren.Mcilvaine@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press Intern” by July
31st.

MEM-302-18

The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a press intern to
assist with a fast-paced communications operation for Fall 2018. Qualified
candidates will have strong writing, editing, event planning, social media, graphic
design, and photography skills, and be able to work on tight deadlines. Selected
candidate will also be expected to perform standard administrative duties.
Intern responsibilities include:
•
•
•

Social media content development
Event photography
Compiling press clips
Page 7 of 20

•
•
•
•

Clipping videos
Creating graphics
Drafting press releases
Answering phones

Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, a 1-3 page writing
sample and dates of availability to GwenMoorePress.Moore@mail.house.gov
with “Press Internship” in the subject field.

MEM-301-18

The Office of Representative Ro Khanna (CA-17) is seeking qualified candidates
to intern full-time in the Washington, D.C. office from mid-August through midDecember of 2018. Although all internships in all offices are unpaid, students
gain invaluable work experience. The hours can be flexible to accommodate
students' evening schedules but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Interns are
expected to be in the office at least 35 hours per week.
In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to
answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process
and the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply to intern in the DC office, please send your resume, a short writing
sample, and your availability to ca17dcinterns.resumes@mail.house.gov. Due to
the high volume of applicants, a response is not guaranteed.

MEM-300-18

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the fall semester of 2018. Interns will work
in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge
of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as
attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude,
strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to
work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and

Page 8 of 20

resume. Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted
for consideration.

MEM-208-18

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergraduate and recent graduate student legislative interns for the
Fall 2018 program (August/September through December).
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well
as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Ideal candidates are organized and committed students (and/or recent graduates)
eager to join a fast-paced environment and build upon their knowledge of how
Congress works. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail,
and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but parttime candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Although internships are unpaid, applicants may request the Committee’s
assistance in receiving credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (no longer than two pages) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In
the subject line, please indicate the program session for which you are applying
(e.g. [Fall 2018] Legislative Intern Application):
*In your cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling
purposes.*

MEM-207-18

The Office of Congressman Al Lawson (FL-05), is seeking full – or part – time
interns for the Fall semester in the Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities
include but are not limited to: assisting in legislative research, answering phone
calls, attending briefings, greeting front office visitors, and leading tours of the
Capitol. Ideal candidates will have a strong attention to detail, an enthusiasm for
the political and congressional processes, strong writing skills, and the ability to
thrive in an energetic office environment.

Page 9 of 20

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, short writing sample (1-2 pages),
and work availability to malikha.daniels@mail.house.gov.

MEM-206-18

The Office of Congressman Steve Pearce (NM-02) is accepting applications for
full or part-time interns in the Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking
responsible individuals who possess excellent written and verbal communication
skills and a strong work ethic. Interns assist with research, mail processing, data
entry, reception duties, tours, and other office tasks. Internships are unpaid, but
we are happy to work with students to receive college credit.
Interested applicants should send their resume, cover letter, and availability to
NM02.Internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-205-18

Congressman Erik Paulsen’s office is currently accepting applications for unpaid
internships in the District office in Eden Prairie, MN and in Washington, D.C.
A Congressional internship offers applicants an exciting opportunity to support
staff while learning about the daily operations of the Legislative branch. Interns
will assist the staff with constituent services, communications, administrative
tasks, and legislative research. Congressman Paulsen’s Internship Program is
designed primarily for the educational benefit of the participant. Interns working
in the District Office have the opportunity to contribute to the office’s interaction
with the surrounding community through constituent services, local events, and
community meetings. Interns in the Washington, D.C. Office will gain insight
into the federal government and the legislative process by working closely with
staff and attending hearings and briefings. Candidates should have a strong work
ethic, be highly organized and motivated, and possess a positive attitude.
This internship is unpaid. College credit, if applicable, will be provided. MN ties
preferred but not required. Qualified applicants should send their cover letter and
resume to Joe Dillon at Joe.Dillon@mail.house.gov.

MEM-203-18

Congresswoman Debbie Lesko (AZ-08) is currently seeking interns for the Fall
Term for his Washington D.C. office. Candidates must be self-starters, detail
oriented, have excellent writing and communication skills, and be able to multitask. The internship involves researching legislative issues, assisting with
incoming mail, attending lectures and hearings, giving Capitol tours, working
with legislative staff on special projects and assisting with other general office
duties. Please note that this is an unpaid internship, if you are seeking college
credit our office would be happy to assist in that. Arizona ties a plus. Please email
your cover letter and resume to john.zwaanstra1@mail.house.gov with “Fall
Intern” in the subject line.

Page 10 of 20

MEM-202-18

The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (NJ-01) is seeking qualified interns
for our D.C. office for Fall 2018. Intern duties vary on a daily basis, but are all
critical to the function of our office. Daily tasks include, but are not limited to,
answering phones, responding to constituent requests, compiling research on
targeted issues and assisting with staff-led projects. In addition, interns lead
Capitol tours, run errands and complete various administrative tasks as needed.
Interns will also have the opportunity to attend special events, such as committee
hearings, briefings and seminars. Internships run throughout the fall, spring or
summer semesters for college students. Although this internship is unpaid,
students gain invaluable work experience. The hours are flexible to accommodate
students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Prospective applications should be highly motivated self-starters, eager to learn
about Capitol Hill and the mechanisms of the United States Congress. We are
looking for individuals with an excellent work ethic, ability to multitask and most
importantly, a willingness to learn. They must demonstrate an ability to produce
polished work, to maintain professionalism in a work environment an interest in
the legislative process, strong communication skills, and experience using
Microsoft Office
Please submit a resume, cover letter and writing sample via email to:
beth.stanley@mail.house.gov with “DC Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-201-18

The Office of Congressman Kurt Schrader (D-OR) Fall Internship
The responsibilities of a congressional intern primarily focus on helping the
Congressman communicate with his 700,000-plus constituents by phone, letter,
and email; leading visiting constituents on tours of the historic US Capitol
building; as well as taking on any other assignments given by staffers based on
the interests/abilities of the individual intern. The position requires patience,
intellect, and exceptional people skills.
The Congressional internship is unpaid and does not receive monetary
compensation. The compensation offered is optional academic credit.
Congressman Kurt Schrader is a Democratic Representative elected to the US
House of Representatives in 2008. The Congressman is a veterinarian and farmer
who lives owns a farm in Canby, Oregon. Congressman Schrader currently serves
as a member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce (E&C), which
oversees a wide portfolio of issues ranging from health care to the environment.
In addition to his Washington, DC office staff, who deal principally with
legislative issues, the Congressman has two additional offices and staffs in Salem
and Oregon City, Oregon, who handle the fifth district’s casework.

Page 11 of 20

Candidates should possess excellent communication skills both verbal and
written, an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress, and
have a familiarity with the fifth congressional district of Oregon.
Start date: September 1 (Flexible)
End Date: December 18 (Flexible)
If you are interested, please email a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
adrian.ballinger@mail.house.gov.
MEM-200-18

The office of Congressman Jim Costa (D-CA) is currently seeking an unpaid
Intern for the Fall Semester. This is an excellent opportunity for college students
or recent graduates who want Hill experience. Interns will be expected to assist
legislative staff, while also performing administrative tasks such as answering
phones, sorting mail, etc. Individuals who are motivated, dependable, and have
good communication skills are encouraged to apply. Potential schedules may be
determined upon interview, but a minimum commitment of 32 hours per week is
requested. Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, and responsible,
possess the ability to multi-task and a good sense of humor is always a
plus. California ties are preferred but not required. Please send your resume,
cover letter, a writing sample (no more than 3 pages), and your dates of
availability to californiamoderate@gmail.com.

MEM-199-18

The Office of Congresswoman Elise Stefanik (NY-21) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Fall of 2018. Applicants
should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Interns will get to
work in a fast-paced environment and learn how a Congressional office operates.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting
legislative research, attending briefings/hearings, leading Capitol tours, assisting
with constituent relations, and managing the front office. The internship gives
students the opportunity to interact directly with the inner workings of Capitol
Hill and the legislative process. Internships are unpaid, and New York ties are
preferred. Please send your resume and cover letter to pattyjane.geller@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line.

MEM-198-18

The office of Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) seeks motivated and
amiable applicants for his Washington, DC office. Interns in the DC office will
help draft constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional
hearings, and function as a key part of the staff. Interns will also assist with
answering phone calls, providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the mail
that the office receives. Applicants may be college students or recent graduates,
and class credit can be offered. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required.
Please send resume and availability to madeline.bryant@mail.house.gov.

MEM-197-18

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
legislative interns for Fall 2018 in our Washington, D.C. office. Interns in our
Page 12 of 20

office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career
and educational experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent
correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing
legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and
supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! All
internships are unpaid. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2017 Pocan Fall Internship” in the subject
line.
MEM-196-18

The office of Congressman Ron DeSantis (FL-06) is currently accepting
applications for full-time and part-time interns for Fall 2018. Interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand legislative experience working for a
congressional office. Interns will work closely with staff to draft letters and press
releases, give Capitol tours to constituents, answer phones, produce legislative
projects, and attend briefings and hearings.
Ideal candidates possess a strong work ethic, a positive attitude, and excellent
written and oral communication skills, as well as an interest in politics and the
legislative process. Florida applicants are preferred but not required.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
FL06.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-195-18

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Fall 2018 semester in Washington DC. Intern
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to
the Pacific Northwest required. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover
letter, two references, and work availability with the subject line “Fall 2018
Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.

MEM-194-18

Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is currently seeking interns for the Fall
Term for his Washington D.C. office. Candidates must be self-starters, detail
oriented, have excellent writing and communication skills, and be able to multitask. The internship involves researching legislative issues, assisting with
incoming mail, attending lectures and hearings, giving Capitol tours, working
Page 13 of 20

with legislative staff on special projects and assisting with other general office
duties. Please note that this is an unpaid internship, if you are seeking college
credit our office would be happy to assist in that. California ties a plus. Please
email your cover letter and resume to paige.boogaard@mail.house.gov with “Fall
Intern” in the subject line.
MEM-192-18

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Jim Renacci (OH-16) is now
accepting applications for Fall internships. Full and part-time internships are
available. Start/ stop dates are flexible. Basic intern responsibilities include
greeting visitors, answering phones, sorting mail, legislative research, assisting
staff on various projects, and conducting tours of the Capitol Building. Interns
will have the opportunity to attend briefings and hearings of interest as well as
see firsthand how a congressional office operates. Candidates must be motivated,
flexible, confident, and able to work well independently in a fast paced
environment. Ohio ties are preferred but not required. College students and recent
graduates considered. Internships are unpaid but course credit is available. Intern
housing information is available upon request. Qualified candidates should send a
cover letter and resume to Ben.Margolin@mail.house.gov.

MEM-191-18

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking unpaid interns for Fall 2018 in
Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with
attending briefings, answering phones, coordinate and conduct tours, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis,
and various other tasks. Internships are open to undergraduate students and
college graduates. Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or
drop ins. To apply, please email a cover letter, resume and 1-2 page writing
sample as a single PDF by July 13th, 2018 to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-190-18

U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ), member of the Ways and Means Committee,
seeks fall interns for his Washington, DC office. This internship term runs from
September through mid-December. Duties include sorting and processing mail,
greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings,
researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting our press
team, and drafting constituent correspondence. This internship is unpaid. Ties to
New Jersey are strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the
Ways and Means Committee and as the Ranking Member on the Ways and
Means Subcommittee on Trade. He holds a leadership position on the Democratic
Steering and Policy Committee. This internship is an opportunity to work in a
veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. We are very open to interns
working in the areas that interest them most and taking on increasing
responsibility as the summer progresses. Interested applicants should send a
resume and cover letter to Christopher Hadad
(Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).
All applications are due by July 27th, 2018.
Page 14 of 20

MEM-189-18

The office of Congresswoman Martha McSally is seeking fall interns for the
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
conducting Capitol tours, corresponding with constituents, researching legislative
issues, attending committee hearings, and assisting the Member and staff with
data management.
Interns will be expected to work a minimum of 24 hours per week, with
preference given to candidates who can work full time. Ideal candidates are selfstarters with strong interpersonal skills, writing capabilities, and attention to
detail. Interested candidates should email resumes to
chris.beckmann@mail.house.gov.

MEM-188-18

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the Fall of 2018. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful
candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. California ties are a plus. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of
availability to Robert.Clark@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2018 Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-187-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dwight Evans (PA-02) is seeking
highly motivated interns for the fall semester. Strong written and verbal
communication skills required. Must be dependable and a team player. Duties
include conducting research for legislative staff, leading Capitol tours, answering
constituent phone calls and inquiries, attending congressional briefings and
hearings, and compiling press clips. Interns will gain valuable professional
experience and inside knowledge of the legislative process on Capitol Hill.
Philadelphia or Pennsylvania ties strongly preferred but not required. This is an
unpaid internship, but we are happy to work with college students to receive
academic credit. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and
availability to Chandler.Mason@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2018
Internship.”

MEM-184-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is
seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming fall
semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and
communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases,
answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability
to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political
Page 15 of 20

process and congressional affairs. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of
availability to MaryBeth.Hervig@mail.house.gov with “Name - Internship
Application” in the subject line.
MEM-183-18

The Office of Congressman Daniel Lipinski (IL-03) is currently seeking both full
and part time spring interns for the fall semester in the Washington D.C.
office. Prospective interns should have a love for politics and the legislative
process, a desire to learn, and a willingness to work hard in this fast-paced office.
This is an unpaid internship.
Day to day intern responsibilities will include: drafting constituent
correspondence, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering phones, working
with legislative staff on policy issue research, and attending briefings and
hearings. Interns will work closely with legislative staff and will be given all the
tools necessary to learn to become a congressional staffer by the end of the
internship.
Applications can be submitted via the email link at
https://lipinski.house.gov/internships/. Applications will be accepted on a rolling
basis and should include: your name, contact information, university, year of
graduation, dates you are available, and an attached resume and cover letter.
Third District of Illinois ties are preferred. Please no drop ins.

MEM-181-18

Congressman Scott DesJarlais (TN-04)—unpaid; full time internship
The DC office of Congressman DesJarlais is looking for Fall interns, SeptemberDecember.
The responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer phones, conduct
Capitol tours, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process
and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Interested candidates should e-mail an updated resume and cover letter to
MeKenna.Carman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-178-18

Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2018 term. Intern
responsibilities include greeting guests in the front office, opening and sorting
mail, guiding Capitol building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as
attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal
candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
Page 16 of 20

oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and cover
letter to caleb.baca@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling
basis, so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be
adjusted to accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties preferred but not
required.
MEM-176-18

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess
strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending
Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones,
sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research. Although all internships
are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students to receive college credit.
Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to hannah.cooke@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-175-18

Congressman Mike Bishop (MI-8th District) is a member of the U.S. House of
Representatives, representing Ingham County, Livingston County, and North
Oakland County. The Fall Internship Program will be based out of his Washington
D.C. Office. Chosen applicants will have the opportunity to develop expertise in a
congressional office and constituent relations. Applicants must possess excellent
writing skills, a proactive work ethic, and the ability to learn quickly. Internships
are unpaid, but our office is happy to support programs offering academic credit.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1 to 2 pages any
topic), and availability to Erin Beebe via email at Erin.Beebe@mail.house.gov.
Office Duties:
• Drafting constituent commendations and correspondence
• Assisting in research relating to legislation
• Conduct and lead tours of the Capitol building for our constituents
• Directing constituent phone calls
Requirements:
• Ability to communicate professionally and diplomatically at all times
• Experience in a professional work environment
• Knowledge of current events
• Commitment to staying informed on federal legislation and current
events
Office Information:
• Office hours are from 9:00am to 5:00pm Monday through Friday
• Our D.C. office address is 428 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
• Business professional dress is required
Page 17 of 20

MEM-172-18

Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-18) has Fall 2018 openings for unpaid full-time
and part-time congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office and his
Pittsburgh, PA office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detailoriented individuals with immediate availability, and a preference for those who
can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania ties are a plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects
in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and
written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly
encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired
start date and availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov.

MEM-171-18

Congressman Vern Buchanan is looking for looking for full time, unpaid interns
for his Washington DC office starting in August. Candidates should be
motivated, flexible and detailed oriented with 20-40 hours a week of availability.
Florida ties are a plus but not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phones, leading Capitol
tours, upkeeping mail databases, and assigned duties from full time staff.
Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written
communication skills.
Please email your resume, available start date, and weekly availability to
housegopinternshipFL@outlook.com.

MEM-170-18

The office of Representative Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking applicants
for an internship in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2018 term. Interns in
the Washington office will help draft constituent letter responses, answer phones,
assist with providing tours of the Capitol, and function as a key part of the staff.
The Representative is looking for people who can work well under pressure and
have excellent communication and writing skills; as well as being able to work in
a very-team oriented office. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a
must. Kansas ties preferred but not required. While the internship is unpaid, you
will gain very valuable professional experience and an inside look at the
lawmaking process on Capitol Hill.
Please email your cover letter and resume to
Ks04dc.internapplication@mail.house.gov.

MEM-166-18

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking highly motivated interns to
join his Washington, DC office this fall. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
Page 18 of 20

constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-165-18

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking unpaid legislative interns for
the Fall Semester. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience
in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or
all of the following: writing, editing, and event support.
Intern duties will include assisting with administrative and legislative tasks,
answering phones, processing mail, providing capitol tours, and attending
briefings. Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate
New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page
writing sample, and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with
“Fall Internship” in the subject field.

MEM-164-18

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking an unpaid press intern to
assist with fast-paced communications operation for Fall 2018. Qualified
candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can
work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following:
writing, editing, event support, social media (esp. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram)
and photography.
Intern duties may include:
-

Daily press clips
Answering phones
Drafting documents for distribution to media
Messaging & interview prep documents
Social media content development
Event photography
…and more!

Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample
and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with “Press
Internship” in the subject field.

Page 19 of 20

MEM-155-18

The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for Fall 2018 Interns. We are seeking dependable, politically
conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and strong
work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school. The
deadline to apply is June 29, 2018. Applicants should email their resume, cover
letter, 2 references (1 professional and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and
completed application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov. These materials should
be in PDF format. Please visit budget.house.gov for the application and more
information. Late and incomplete application packets will not be considered. Paid
internships are available to any student working full time and not receiving
course credit.

Page 20 of 20

