________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 21, 2016

MEM-371-16

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-370-16

Democratic Leadership office is currently accepting intern resumes for the
upcoming 115th Congress. The spring internship program will begin early
Page 1 of 17

December and interns will assist with Member outreach, event planning,
legislative work and press services. Interns will also be handling front office
duties such as answering phones, distributing mail as well as directing guests to
staffers. Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude, great work ethic
and have a flexible schedule. Candidates with prior Hill experience, in an
education or leadership program are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume to Christofer.Horta@mail.house.gov with
your availability. Include “2017 Spring Democratic Leadership Internship” in the
subject line.
MEM-369-16

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) seeks undergraduate or graduate
students for full-time or part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, DC
office. As a fast-paced office for an active member of the Democratic leadership,
we expect a lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship
program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail,
attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research
assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess excellent
writing and communications skills, strong attention to detail, and an interest in
the legislative process. Colorado ties preferred but not required. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to
CO01.scheduler@mail.house.gov.

MEM-368-16

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Sanford D. Bishop (GA-02) is
seeking a full time press intern to work with Congressman Bishop’s
communications team. The press intern will work directly with the
Communications Director to carry out responsibilities including, but not limited
to, creating graphics, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press
clips, drafting releases, and developing social media content. First-hand
experience in the congressional office will provide a unique opportunity into the
functions of a fast-paced press operations for a senior Democratic member office.
It will also offer a unique insight in the legislative and parliamentary procedure,
as Congressman Bishop is the Ranking Member of an Appropriations
Subcommittee. The ideal applicant will have creative graphic design skills, strong
writing skills, a sense of humor, and should be an avid consumer of political
media. Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and one or two writing
samples to Jonathan.Black@mail.house.gov and
Adilene.Rosales@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to call Jon or Adi at
202-225-3631 with any questions.

MEM-366-16

The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan (R-PA) is currently
accepting applications for Spring 2017. Intern responsibilities include
researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings
and briefings, answering phones, and day to day office duties. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30
PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session.
Page 2 of 17

Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to
meehandcintern@mail.house.gov. This internship is unpaid. The deadline to
apply is Friday, December 2, 2016. Ties to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional
District are preferred.
MEM-364-16

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a press intern
for our Washington, D.C. office for the Winter/ Spring 2017 semester.
Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication
skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about press operations, the
political process, and congressional affairs. The intern will assist in the day-today operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting congressional staff
with press clips and constituent communication and will help to draft press
releases, prep memos, and social media posts, in addition to assisting with
legislative research and administrative activities. Hawaii ties are appreciated but
not necessary. Please note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates
should send a resume, writing sample, and cover letter to
Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-363-16

The D.C. office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from Washington’s 6th
district, is looking for personable, diligent full or part-time interns to start for the
January and spring semester 2017 term. This is an opportunity to learn about the
inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work
environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting events
related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities include assisting with
constituent correspondence, producing daily press clips, and leading tours of the
Capitol. This is a unique opportunity and prime for students or recent grads who
are interested in learning about the legislative process or may eventually want to
work for the federal government. To apply, please send a resume, contact
information for two references, and a cover letter outlining your interest in the
position to nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within
a week. Women, minorities and those with Washington state ties strongly
encouraged to apply. We look forward to hearing from you!

MEM-362-16

The Washington DC office of Congressman Jim Sensenbrenner (R-WI) is
seeking motivated, hardworking and good-spirited spring 2016 interns. Interns
will have the opportunity to work in a fun, yet diligent office during a busy time
in Washington. Responsibilities include corresponding with constituents of
Wisconsin’s Fifth District, leading U.S. Capitol tours, assisting with various press
and legislative projects and research, attending Capitol Hill briefings and
hearings, answering constituent phone calls, giving and sorting mail and any
other tasks of interest/as assigned. Interns can be expected to work in an exciting
and quick paced environment. The internship can be flexible to schedules and
accommodating of particular policy areas that the intern is passionate or curious
about. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The internship is
unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
sensenbrennerinterns@gmail.com.
Page 3 of 17

MEM-360-16

Congressman Jim Langevin (D-RI) is seeking full and part-time interns for the
spring 2017 semester. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative
work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties
include providing constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee
hearings, performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on
various projects of interest. Rhode Island ties are preferred but not required.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and
written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All
internships are unpaid. To apply: send a resume, cover letter, brief writing
sample, and dates of availability to kerry.mckittrick@mail.house.gov.

MEM-359-16

The office of Congressman Bill Posey [FL-08] is currently seeking highly
motivated and organized applicants for a full-time or part-time unpaid internship
for the 2017 spring internship program. The internship is scheduled to run from
January to May, but the months of the internship may vary depending on the
availability or school schedule of the applicant. The internship program is open to
college students and recent graduates who are interested in learning more about
our country’s legislative process and the day-to-day operations of a congressional
office. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred,
but are not required. The deadline to apply is December 10, 2016. If interested,
please send a resume to FloridaConservativeRepublican@gmail.com with "2017
Spring Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be
accepted.

MEM-357-16

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is
seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the
Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Spring 2016
semester.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff
to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital
content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting
press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or
graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips
at 8:00 am and ends at 4:00 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on
Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major
legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of
activity.

Page 4 of 17

Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if
applicable, a portfolio sample to Frances Carrion at
NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact
Frances at 202-225-3615 with any questions.
MEM-356-16

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is
offering Spring internship opportunities for college students and recent college
graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office
provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation
of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents,
attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues
for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and
together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to
increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal
government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative
process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s
position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing
sample to Frances Carrion at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please
do not hesitate to contact Frances at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-355-16

California Democratic Member is currently accepting resumes for the 2017
Winter/Spring internship positions in his Capitol Office. Responsibilities include
corresponding with constituents, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting with
projects including press and legislative research, and administrative duties as
needed. The staff member will have the opportunity to attend briefings and
hearings on the Hill as well as network and learn from senior staff. Candidates
should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written communication skills,
and have an ability to multitask and be flexible in a fast-paced environment.
Multilingual applicants, particularly those speaking Spanish, are encouraged to
apply. Interested applicants should apply at the following link:
https://vargas.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-354-16

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the Winter/Spring 2017 semester. Interns
will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will
have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence,
as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press
events. Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening
and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative
tasks. This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant
attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to
work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
Page 5 of 17

detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and resume.
Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted for
consideration.
MEM-353-16

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking
conservative, highly motivated, and organized applicants for a full or part-time
spring unpaid internship. The internship is scheduled to run from January 16 to
around May 5, 2017. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process,
excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will
mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not
required. The working hours of the internship may vary depending on the
availability or school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a
resume and cover letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2017 Spring Internship"
in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-349-16

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
legislative interns for the Spring 2017 semester in our Washington, D.C. office.
Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining
valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include providing
constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee hearings,
performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours,
and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! All
internships are unpaid. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Andrew.ONeill@mail.house.gov with “2017 Pocan Spring Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-348-16

The office of Representative Julia Brownley (CA-26) is currently seeking full or
part-time press interns to work in her Washington, D.C. office. Press interns will
gain valuable Capitol Hill and communications experience, furthering their
knowledge of the Congressional media landscape and the legislative process.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: compiling daily clips,
drafting press releases and other written materials, editing and proofreading,
maintaining press lists, and assisting with updates to Member’s official website
and social media platforms. The press intern will also be involved heavily in the
redesign of the Congresswoman’s website as a long term project.
Press interns may also assist with answering phones, addressing constituent
concerns, and helping other office staff as needed.
Page 6 of 17

The ideal candidate will be resourceful, motivated, creative, detail-oriented, and
able to work quickly and efficiently under pressure. Press interns should be able
to commit to at least 15 hours a week. Women and minorities are highly
encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing samples
(optional) to ca26pressintern@gmail.com with the subject line “Press Intern_
(Your Name).
Strong writing skills are required and familiarity with social and digital platforms
is recommended. Graphic design experience is a plus.
MEM-346-16

The Office of Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks a full time, unpaid intern
for immediate hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering
phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours,
attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication
skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest
in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
mark.galay@mail.house.gov.

MEM-345-16

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the spring semester of 2017. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful
candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. California
ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter, and dates of availability to
Peter.Durkin@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-344-16

The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is currently
accepting applications for Spring 2017. Intern responsibilities include
researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings
and briefings, answering phones, and day to day office duties. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30
PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to
meehandcintern@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is Friday, November 18,
2016. Ties to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District are preferred, but not
required.

MEM-343-16

Congressman Dan Kildee’s Washington, D.C. office is always seeking motivated
and hard-working college students for fall, spring or summer internships.
Although internships are unpaid, students will gain valuable work experience in a
fast-paced congressional office.
Page 7 of 17

QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral
and written communications skills, responsible, dependable, and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them.
Tasks include and are not limited to the following: Researching legislative issues,
preparing constituent correspondence, data entry, and helping maintain the
efficient day-to-day operations of an active Congressional office.
If interested, please send a resume and letters of recommendation to Ghada
Alkiek at ghada.alkiek@mail.house.gov
For more information on Congressman Dan Kildee and Michigan’s 5th
Congressional District, please visit our website at www.dankildee.house.gov
MEM-342-16

Congressman Gerald Connolly seeks applicants for an internship in his
Washington D.C. Office for Spring 2017 (January to May/June). Main
responsibilities include (but are not limited to) answering the phones, sorting
mail, drafting constituent correspondence, arranging tours, conducting legislative
research for staff, attending Congressional hearings with staff, and performing
other administrative tasks as needed.
Applicants should be reliable and detail-oriented, and possess a professional and
courteous demeanor, strong verbal and written communication skills, and the
ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Ties to the 11th District of
Virginia are preferred, but not required.
To apply for this internship please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to va11.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-341-16

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for an internship in Washington, DC
beginning January 2017. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal
skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and
demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading tours, assisting legislative staff with research,
attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting
constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning January
2017. Michigan ties are preferred, but not required. To apply, please send a
resume and a cover letter to: Alex.Huang@mail.house.gov. Please indicate
expected dates and hours available to work in your cover letter.

MEM-340-16

Congressman Marc Veasey (TX-33) is seeking highly motivated interns to join
his Washington D.C. office for Spring 2017. Interns will have the chance to gain
valuable work experience while experiencing the fast-paced atmosphere of a
congressional office. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and
briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with
tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
Page 8 of 17

skills, professionalism, attention to detail and ability to function in a fast-paced
environment. Texas ties are preferred but are not required. Internships are unpaid.
However, current students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply, please
send cover letter and resume to Emily.Englander@mail.house.gov.
MEM-339-16

The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid
intern for Spring 2017. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and
professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities
will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the
form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting
research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending
hearings. Interested candidates should send their resume, a cover letter, and a
brief writing sample to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com.

MEM-338-16

Office of Congressman Brad Wenstrup
Spring 2017 Intern
Application can be found on the website
Interested applicants should fill out the form on
https://wenstrup.house.gov/forms/form/?ID=3257, as well as send a cover letter
and resume to OH02interns@gmail.com.

MEM-337-16

The office of Representative Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) is currently seeking a
press intern for Spring 2017 to work in his Washington, D.C. office. Press
interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill and communications experience, furthering
their knowledge of the Congressional media landscape and the legislative
process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: compiling daily
clips, drafting press releases and other written materials, editing and
proofreading, maintaining press lists, and assisting with updates to Member’s
official website and social media platforms. Press intern may also assist with
answering phones, addressing constituent concerns, and helping other office staff
as needed.
Strong writing skills are required and familiarity with social and digital platforms
is recommended. Graphic design experience is a plus. The ideal candidate will be
resourceful, motivated, creative, detail-oriented, and able to work quickly and
efficiently under pressure. Press interns should be able to commit to at least three
full days per week (9:00am-6:00pm). Women and minorities are highly
encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and 2 writing samples
(no more than 2 pages each) to ruizpressintern@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Press Intern” by Monday, November 21st. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-336-16

Democratic Congressman Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking highly motivated
interns to join his Washington D.C. office. Interns will have the chance to
experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a congressional office and gain valuable
Page 9 of 17

work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the
legislative process. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and
briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with
tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence
letters on various issues before the House. Qualified applicants must possess
excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to
detail and ability to function in a fast-paced environment.
Full-time 3 month internship positions are available beginning January 4, 2016.
CA-31 and/or California ties are preferred but not required. Internships are
unpaid, however current students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply,
please send cover letter and resume to Chelsea.Glynn@mail.house.gov.
MEM-335-16

Rep. Earl Blumenauer, D-Ore., is seeking interns for Winter 2017 in his Portland
and Washington, D.C. offices. Successful applicants will perform substantive and
administrative work in a congressional office while gaining valuable career and
educational experience. Duties include, but are not limited to:
• Providing constituent services (answering phones, sorting physical and
electronic mail, greeting visitors in the office, and more).
• Legislative research and writing.
• Completing special projects for staff.
• In Washington, D.C.: Giving Capitol tours and attending legislative briefings
and committee hearings.
• In Portland: Attending meetings with community organizations alongside staff
and the Congressman
Qualifications include:
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• An ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
• Strong organizational skills.
• Dependability and a strong work ethic.
Oregon ties are preferred, but not required. All internships are unpaid. Please email your resume and cover letter to Jon.Bosworth@mail.house.gov for the
Washington, D.C. office and Mariah.Wildgen@mail.house.gov for the Portland
office. In the body of your message, please indicate what dates you will be
available, how many hours a week you would like to work, and whether you will
be seeking academic credit. For more information, please visit
http://blumenauer.house.gov.
About Rep. Blumenauer: A lifelong resident of Portland, Earl Blumenauer (OR03) has devoted his entire career to public service. While still a student at Lewis
and Clark College, he spearheaded the effort to lower the voting age both in
Oregon and at the national level. He was elected to the Oregon Legislature in
1972. In 1978, he began serving on the Multnomah County Commission, and was
elected to the Portland City Council in 1986. There, his 10-year tenure as the
Commissioner of Public Works demonstrated his leadership on the innovative
accomplishments in transportation, planning, environmental programs, and public
Page 10 of 17

participation that have helped Portland earn an international reputation as one of
America’s most livable cities.
Elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1996, Rep. Blumenauer is a
strong advocate for federal policies to create livable communities, rebuild and
renew infrastructure, provide housing choices, support sustainable economies,
and improve the environment. He is a recognized leader in Congress for
reforming federal drug laws and promoting animal welfare. Blumenauer sits on
the Ways and Means Committee, giving him a unique platform from which to
initiate legislation that addresses and mitigates the effects of global warming
while also advancing his priorities of honest trade, financing critical
infrastructure, and ensuring economic security for working families.
MEM-334-16

The Office of Congresswoman Norton (DC-00) has openings for full-time and
part-time interns to support our administrative, legislative, and press teams.
Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending legislative
briefings and hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail, giving
Capitol tours, assisting with communications and media materials.
Applicants should be enthusiastic, reliable, professional, hardworking, and have
strong writing and communication skills. Washington D.C. ties are required.
Internships begin in January and go until May. These positions are unpaid.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and references to Camilo.Manjarres@mail.house.gov by November 21.
Location: Washington, D.C.

MEM-332-16

Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication
skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about the legislative process and
congressional affairs. A background in national security issues in the Middle East
and/or East Asia is preferred, but not necessary. Graduate and undergraduate
students are both welcome to apply.
The individual will support the legislative team on the Congresswoman's work on
both the House Armed Services Committee and the House Foreign Affairs
committee, as well as assist in the day-to-day operations of the office by
supporting members of staff with legislative research, constituent services, and
administrative activities.
Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this internship is
unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page
writing sample to Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.
The application period closes November 30th, 2016.

MEM-331-16

California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time
interns in his Washington, D.C. office, beginning as soon as possible. We are
seeking highly qualified candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and
motivated. In the office, intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to
answer the phones, give tours of the capitol, run errands, assist with constituent
Page 11 of 17

communication, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and
attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid but the
office will provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic
credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should email
a resume and a 250-300 word cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.
MEM-330-16

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C.
office. Spanish skills a plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.

MEM-329-16

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as
recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its
Winter-Spring 2017 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns
will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member
services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support.
Please note that this is an unpaid internship. Interested applicants should send a
cover letter, resume, and available hours to
intern.CHADEM@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA Dem
Internship.”

MEM-328-16

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid press
internship for Spring 2017. Duties will include compiling press clips, monitoring
traffic on social media networks, maintaining website, drafting press releases and
social media, and assisting with the office’s day-to-day communications
operation. Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications,
new media, or journalism. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to md06.internships@mail.house.gov by December 1, 2016 with “Spring Press
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-327-16

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Spring 2017. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are
preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to
md06.internships@mail.house.gov by December 1, 2016 with “Spring
Congressional Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-326-16

Arizona Republican is seeking interns for his Washington D.C. office for the
Fall, Winter and Spring Semesters. Interns will be exposed to a wide array of the
daily activities of a Congressional office – engaging with constituents, assisting
Page 12 of 17

members of the staff with writing and other projects as needed and giving tours of
the Capitol Building. Additional duties of interns include answering telephones,
greeting visitors and sorting mail.
While this position is unpaid, the benefits of interning on Capitol Hill can’t be
overstated. This position will help you understand the inner workings of Capitol
Hill in a way that’s impossible to get otherwise.
Applicants should have excellent time management and writing abilities, have
strong organizational skills with a keen eye for details, and should be motivated
self-starters who can produce results with minimal supervision. Arizona ties and
previous Hill experience a plus but not required.
Please send a cover letter, one-page resume, and a two- to three-page writing
sample to GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com with “Internship Application” in the
subject line. No phone calls please.
MEM-325-16

Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for
his Spring and Summer 2016 internship program in his Washington, D.C. and
Hot Springs offices. He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated,
detail-oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research
and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents.
Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn
about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. In the DC office,
responsibilities will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol,
assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and
communication staff on various projects. Although internships are unpaid, the
office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at
their respective college or university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not
required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
Jordan.Garcia@mail.house.gov.

MEM-324-16

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Donovan (NY-11) is seeking
applications for full- or part-time, unpaid interns for the Spring semester. The
internship is scheduled to run from mid-January to late-May/early-June, but the
months of the internship can vary depending on the availability or school
schedule of the applicant, if need be. Applicants must be willing to work at least
two full days a week. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative
process, excellent organizational and communication skills, and attention to
detail. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, talking
with constituents, scheduling and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending and
summarizing briefings and hearings for legislative staff, and supporting the office
with any additional duties. Interested candidates should email a current resume
and a list of three references, with the subject line “Spring Internship” to
NY11Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-321-16

The House Budget Committee Democratic staff is looking for two unpaid interns
for the Spring semester. Primary responsibilities include answering phones,
reviewing budget news articles, conducting research, preparing for Committee
Page 13 of 17

events and working with budget analysts on special projects. Interns will have the
opportunity to participate in Budget Committee briefings, hearings and markups.
In addition, interns are encouraged to attend events held by other committees.
Candidates should also be self-starters, have strong writing skills and pay close
attention to details.
To apply, please see details at http://democrats-budget.house.gov.
MEM-320-16

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
seeking interns for the winter and spring semesters. Interns are asked to work
with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on
substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters.
Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including
tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-319-16

The office of Representative Bruce Poliquin is accepting applications for unpaid
internships in Washington, D.C. for Spring 2017. The internship will offer
students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative
process. Interns work side by side with experienced full-time staff, and play an
integral part in the daily operations of the office. A typical day for our interns
includes welcoming folks to the office, researching legislation for the
Congressman and policy staff, and answering constituent calls and letters on
various issues before the House. Ties to Maine are preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to
Poliquin.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-318-16

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Spring 2017 semester in Washington DC. Intern
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to
the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should
send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject
line “Spring 2017 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.

MEM-317-16

Internship – The office of Congressman Mark Meadows (NC-11) seeks interns
to serve in the Washington, DC office for the Spring 2017 semester. Ideal
candidates will have excellent written and verbal communication skills as this
position involves significant constituent interaction. Applicants must be detail
oriented, professional, and highly organized. Responsibilities include scheduling
and conducting Capitol tours, processing constituent mail, answering phones,
Page 14 of 17

conducting general administrative tasks, and supporting policy staff with various
projects. Interested applicants may apply online at
NC11.TOURS@mail.house.gov.
MEM-316-16

Congressman Greg Walden is seeking a paid intern in his Washington, D.C.
office to start immediately. Walden is a member of the House Republican
leadership and the chairman of a very active subcommittee on Energy &
Commerce, so the office is always very active. Ideal candidates will be college
students or recent graduates who are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detailoriented, enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and have customer service experience.
Willingness and ability to give enthusiastic tours of the U.S. Capitol is a must.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations.
Although no two days are the same, an intern will be expected to lead tours of the
U.S. Capitol, answer phones, greet Oregonians, and assist in managing
constituent correspondence and administrative operations.
Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide
valuable experience for future endeavors. Prior interns in our office have gained
excellent connections, learned about the many issues affecting our state and
country, gained expertise in a wide array of policy areas, and gotten a detailed
look at what makes the United States the most enduring democracy in the world.
Please submit an application at https://walden.house.gov/internships.

MEM-314-16

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks a
qualified graduate or undergraduate press intern for the spring semester 2017. An
internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Press interns will compile daily news clips, draft news
releases and social media content, conduct research, and assist with
administrative tasks such as updating media lists. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings, media briefings or media events on
subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction. A background in journalism,
public relations or general communications is preferred, but not required.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two
references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.

MEM-313-16

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks
qualified graduate and undergraduate interns for the spring 2017 semester. An
internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of their internship, interns will assist
staff with administrative tasks such as answering phones, organizing documents,
and running errands around the Capitol complex. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to perform legislative research, shadow staff at hearings, and
Page 15 of 17

assist in drafting letters and memos on subjects within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two
references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.
MEM-312-16

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Spring 2017. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are
preferred. Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per
week. Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and times
available (start and end dates as well as days per week) to
CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, CA52
Internship” in the subject line. Deadline to apply is November 10th.

MEM-311-16

Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D), member of the House Energy and
Commerce Committee, is currently hiring interns for his Washington, D.C.
office. Responsibilities include answering phones, sorting mail and faxes, giving
tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
general office support as needed. Intern candidates should be current or recent
college students, regardless of major but with an interest in Congress and the
legislative process. Full time availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are
encouraged to apply as well. To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and
a short writing sample to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or
drop-ins please.

MEM-310-16

Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Washington,
D.C. team for a full-time, unpaid internship during spring, for a duration of three
months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and
writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hardworking intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more
complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous
internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a onepage writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to
eliza.ramirez@mail.house.gov.

MEM-309-16

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Tom Reed is currently seeking full
– or part – time interns for the spring 2017 semester. The internship runs from
January 2017 through the beginning of May. Ideal candidates should be
Page 16 of 17

professional, dependable, and possess strong communication skills. Intern
responsibilities include answering phones, giving guided tours of the Capitol,
constituent correspondence, attending hearing and briefings, and other legislative
projects. Internships are unpaid, but are a great opportunity to gain professional
and educational experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
New York ties are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should send their
resume, cover letter, and a writing sample with the subject line “Spring
Internship” to samara.brown@mail.house.gov.

Page 17 of 17

