________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 18, 2016

MEM-028-16

The office of Congressman Don Beyer is accepting applications for part-time,
unpaid internships to begin forthwith in his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates
should be self-motivated, resourceful, and possessed of sound judgment,
knowledge of politics, and a sense of humor. The proximity of Virginia’s 8th
District means that there is a substantial amount of work to be done in the areas
of press, legislative research, and constituent services, and our interns get
experience with a wide variety of responsibilities. Women and minorities are
strongly encouraged to apply. Desired availability is Mondays, Wednesdays, and
Fridays. To apply, please email resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing
sample to Aaron.Fritschner@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.

MEM-026-16

Arizona Republican is seeking spring semester interns for his Washington D.C.
office. Duties of interns include answering telephones, greeting visitors,
conducting tours, sorting mail, and assisting staff members with projects as
needed. Applicants should be organized, should have strong time management
and writing skills, and should be able to complete tasks with minimal supervision.
Arizona ties and previous Hill experience a plus but not required.

Page 1 of 18

Please send a cover letter, one-page resume, and a two- to three-page writing
sample to GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com with “Internship Application” in the
subject line. No phone calls please.
MEM-025-16

Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks full time hard working intern for
Winter/Spring 2016. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering
phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours,
attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication
skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest
in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
Brian.Cusack@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.

MEM-024-16

Democratic Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks current college
students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for 2016
spring semester internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should be
able to start immediately. Intern duties include answering phones, attending and
summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail and faxes, leading tours of the
Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and other responsibilities as needed.
A qualified intern candidate will have good oral and written communication
skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to work on a variety of tasks.
Preference given to interns with full-time availability, but those seeking part-time
internships will be considered. Pennsylvania ties a plus. Internship positions are
unpaid. To apply, email cover letter, resume, and a brief writing sample (no more
than two pages) to Zach Rosen at Zach.Rosen@mail.house.gov. Please include
availability in your cover letter.

MEM-023-16

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for Spring of 2016. Ideal
candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional.
Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the
media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media
and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide
professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing
interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of
their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged
to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com. No phone
calls, please.

MEM-022-16

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for Spring of 2016. Ideal
candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional.
Page 2 of 18

Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the
media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media
and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide
professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing
interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of
their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged
to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com. No phone
calls, please.
MEM-017-16

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated,
flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a
preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus,
but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
1-2 page writing sample to michelle.serrato@mail.house.gov

MEM-014-16

Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking
motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions immediately. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates
should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing
to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Louisiana ties
are a plus but not required. If you are a student we are happy to work with your
college or university to arrange for academic credit. Please send a résumé and
cover letter in PDF form to LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-013-16

The House Ways and Means Democratic office is seeking an intern for the end
of January 2016 through April 2016. This internship is unpaid. The position is
ideal for a recent college graduate interested learning about the role of the
Committee and the various aspects of its jurisdiction.
Page 3 of 18

CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
 Assist front office staff with answering phones and projects; assist Ways
and Means Committee Counsels in various research projects;
 Assist in preparation for Committee hearings and markups;
 Assist press staff on an as needed basis;
 Perform other duties as assigned by the Intern Coordinator
QUALIFICATIONS:
 good oral and written communication skills;
 high level of confidentiality;
 ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
 good organizational skills; and
 responsible, dependable and punctual.
If interested, please email your cover letter and resume to
Carrie.Breidenbach@mail.house.gov and provide a brief introduction including
your dates of availability.
MEM-012-16

Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern
for her Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2016 (mid-February to April). This
internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fastpaced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties
include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members
with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to
attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be
motivated; detail orientated and possesses strong communication and writing
skills. This is a great opportunity for recent graduates seeking Hill experience.
Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a resume and
cover letter to kevin.rambosk@mail.house.gov.

MEM-011-16

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the Winter 2016 semester. Interns will
work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will
have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence,
as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press
events. Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening
and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative
tasks. This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant
attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to
work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail. 9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and
resume. Availability must be in cover letter.

Page 4 of 18

MEM-010-16

The Office of Congresswoman Marcia L. Fudge is looking for a motivated
unpaid press intern in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern responsibilities
include assisting the staff with general office duties, attending briefings and
hearings, assisting communications team with research and writing support,
compiling news clips, drafting press releases, developing copy for the web,
answering phones, sorting mail, and giving Capitol tours. Applicants must
possess strong writing and communication skills, have a positive attitude and be
well-organized. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resumé, and
writing sample to District11resumes@mail.house.gov.Ohio ties preferred, but not
required. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-009-16

The office of Representative Marcia L. Fudge is looking for a motivated unpaid
intern in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern responsibilities include assisting
the staff with general office duties, attending briefings and hearings, answering
phones, sorting mail, giving Capitol tours, and performing various other tasks as
assigned. Applicants must possess strong communication skills, have a positive
attitude and be well-organized. Interested candidates should send a cover
letter, résumé, and writing sample to District11resumes@mail.house.gov. Ohio
ties preferred, but not required. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-008-16

The Washington, DC office of a Senior North Carolina Congressman seeks
applicants for a paid full-time internship. The office is looking for a highly
motivated intern that can start in January. The individual should be able to multitask and be prepared to work in a fast-paced office. Some responsibilities include
attending briefings, answering phones, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with
constituent correspondence and mail, and working on various projects for the
staff as needed. North Carolina ties are encouraged, but not required. In order to
apply, please send capitolhill45@gmail.com a resume and cover letter with “NC
Intern Application” in the subject line.

MEM-007-16

The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for
Summer 2016 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will
have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting
with phone inquiries and providing support to all Committee staff. Background in
science a plus. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to
bess.larson@mail.house.gov .

MEM-006-16

House Judiciary Committee Democratic press office seeks self-motivated, detailoriented and highly energetic part-time press intern for spring 2016. Duties
include, but are not limited to:
·

Compiling daily news clips
Page 5 of 18

·
·
·
·
·
·

Issue tracking and research
Drafting media releases and statements
Maintaining media lists
Conceptualizing social media content and graphic designs
Basic website maintenance
Special event support

A background in journalism or communications and special skills such as
photography, video editing and graphic design a plus, but not required.
Undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates, are encouraged
to apply. Michigan ties are a plus. Start and end dates are flexible. This
internship is unpaid, but the office will accommodate applicants seeking to earn
academic credit. Please submit a one page resume, a short writing sample, and a
cover letter that includes date and hours of availability
to HouseJudiciaryDems@gmail.com. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-005-16

Democratic Member of Congress seeks full-time or part-time unpaid
Congressional interns to begin immediately. The responsibilities of a
Congressional intern primarily focus on helping the Congressman communicate
with his 700,000-plus constituents. Interns will assist the team with phones, mail,
tours of the U.S. Capitol Building, and related front office duties. Additional
tasks, including drafting correspondence, research projects, and attending
hearings may be assigned on a case by case basis.
Candidates should possess excellent communication skills (both verbal and
written) and an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress.
Ideal candidates are positive, energetic, and eager to assist with the legislative
and administrative needs of the staff. West Coast ties are preferred. Please send a
resume, cover letter, and writing sample to andy.hackbarth@mail.house.gov.

MEM-004-16

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill winter/spring internship
positions. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting
legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and
congressional affairs. Spanish-fluency, California ties, and full-week availability
are all plusses. Please send a résumé, cover letter, a short writing sample (no
longer than one page), and dates of availability to jhostyn.duval@mail.house.gov
with “Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-003-16

Midwest Democrat is seeking interns available for an immediate start for the
spring 2016 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the
United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative
Page 6 of 18

research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will
also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid.
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information
with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a
team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working
knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American
Government, fiscal issues, education and reproductive rights. Wisconsin ties a
plus.
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00
pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to
Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov ASAP.
MEM-002-16

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
spring. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor,
interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to
multi-task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities
include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to
constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office
duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
short writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-001-16

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting
and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned.
The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and two writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject
“Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-450-15

Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his Leadership
office. Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) transcribing videos,
collecting press clips, live-streaming briefings, supporting the Operations team in
preparing Caucus events, answering phones, providing constituency outreach
support to Democratic Members of Congress and their staff, conducting research,
extracting and formatting large quantities of data, writing detailed memos,
attending relevant briefings and meetings, and assisting with team projects.
Applicants should be motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and
Page 7 of 18

written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multi-task.
Experience or interest in social media is a plus. Women and minorities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic credit or
congressional internship/fellowship program participants. The intern should be
prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please send a cover
letter and resume to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-447-15

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns to fill spring positions. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful
candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. California
ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter and dates of availability
to Andrew.Heineman@mail.house.govwith “Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-446-15

The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats is seeking a full-time press
intern. The ideal candidate must be detail-oriented, motivated, and able to multitask efficiently. Applicants should possess strong written and oral communication
skills and have an interest in working on environmental issues.
Daily responsibilities may include:








Updating website content
Updating social media channels (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube)
Compiling daily press clips
Video filming and editing
Conducting research projects
Drafting press materials (including e-newsletters, background
information, and press releases)
Assisting with press events

This is an excellent opportunity for a candidate to gain substantive press
experience in the environmental field. Interested candidates must be willing to
commit to the full term of the internship, February to June (start and end date is
flexible), and available to work from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily. To apply, please
submit a cover letter, brief writing sample, and resume to
nrdems@mail.house.gov.
MEM-442-15

California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the Spring 2016
Page 8 of 18

internship session. Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips,
assist with front office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and
conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a
congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical
thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications and writing skills
are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not required. Please submit
a cover letter, brief writing sample, and resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-441-15

The Washington office of Rep. Mark Sanford (SC-01) seeks applicants for
fulltime, unpaid, internships to begin immediately. Applicants should possess
strong writing skills, be well organized, generally knowledgeable of legislative
and related issues, able to complete tasks as directed, and have an eye for detail.
Main duties include answering telephones, logging constituent calls, giving tours
of the Capitol to visitors, opening and sorting mail, and assisting with other
administrative tasks. Interns will have many opportunities to take on additional
responsibilities within the office, at the discretion of staff. Anyone interested
should send a resume and cover letter to SC01InternApplicants@mail.house.gov.

MEM-439-15

Florida Democrat is seeking a full-time, unpaid press intern for the Washington,
D.C. office, starting immediately. The ideal candidate is detail-oriented,
motivated, and able to multi-task efficiently. Applicants should possess strong
written and oral communication skills. Preference will be given to candidates
with Florida ties and those who speak Spanish.
Daily responsibilities may include:
• Updating website content;
• Compiling daily press clips;
• Video filming and editing;
• Conducting research projects;
• Drafting press materials (including e-newsletters, background information, and
press releases);
• Assisting with press events; and
• Transcribing interviews
This is an excellent opportunity for a candidate to gain substantive press
experience with an extremely active Member. Please email a one-page writing
sample, résumé, and cover letter (all in .PDF format) addressing prior press
experience or interests, to DCInternships.Grayson@mail.house.gov. Please use
“Press Intern Application” in the subject line.

MEM-437-15

Congressman Fincher is currently seeking motivated college students to serve as
interns for the 2016 Spring semester in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern
responsibilities include: assisting the staff with general office duties, attending
briefings and hearings, answering phones, sorting mail, giving Capitol tours, and
performing various other tasks based on ability and interests. Applicants must
Page 9 of 18

possess strong communication skills, have a positive attitude and be wellorganized. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
TN08.Intern@mail.house.gov. Tennessee ties preferred.
MEM-436-15

Congressman Perlmutter offers internships throughout the fall, spring and
summer semesters for high school or college students. Students have the
opportunity to learn about the inner workings of a congressional office to
supplement their related course work. Students must receive some form of
academic credit for their internship. Interns are responsible for working with their
academic department and advisors to receive credit and comply with all other
internship guidelines set by their educational institution.
Please submit a cover letter and resume if you are interested in an internship to
Julia.harrington@mail.house.gov if you would like to intern in our DC office.
In Washington, the hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course
schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session,
and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Interns' responsibilities will vary
from day to day. They will be asked to research legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings answer phones, and help with
constituent communications on various issues before the House. As a result,
interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. If you would like more information on Congressional
Internships in Washington, DC, please contact Julia Harrington at
Julia.Harrington@mail.house.gov.

MEM-435-15

Washington, D.C. — The House Democratic Caucus is looking for a full-time press
intern for the spring semester with availability, beginning in
January 2016. Responsibilities include assisting with press clips, video production and
editing, graphic design, tracking metrics, transcribing interviews and supporting team
projects. Applicants should be self-starters, motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent
verbal and written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multitask.
Experience in Adobe Suite or other design software and proficiency in Spanish highly
preferred. Experience and interest in press operations and the congressional process is a
plus. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students or Congressional internship program
participants. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter detailing
availability to Miranda.Margowsky@mail.house.gov.

MEM-434-15

The office of Congressman Jim Costa is seeking interns who are interested in
gaining hands-on experience in a congressional office. In our Washington office,
internships allow individuals to actively observe the legislative process while
participating in the administrative operations of a congressional office. Intern
responsibilities include attending hearings, researching legislative issues,
responding to constituent inquiries, processing tour and flag requests, opening
and routing incoming mail, giving tours of the Capitol, and performing general
office duties.
Page 10 of 18

Please email a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Resumes.CostaInterns@mail.house.gov.
MEM-433-15

Florida Democrat is seeking interns for the Washington, D.C. office for the
Spring 2016 semester. Candidates should be motivated, enthusiastic, and possess
strong interpersonal skills. The internship will provide exposure to all areas of a
legislative office. Interns will be responsible for assisting the team with phones,
tour and flag requests, and other related front office duties. Additional tasks may
include drafting constituent correspondence, research projects, and attending
briefings and hearings. This is a great opportunity for individuals who are
interested in learning about the workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative
process in a busy office. Please email a cover letter and résumé in .PDF format to
DCInternships.Grayson@mail.house.gov. In your message, indicate your
specific full-time OR part-time availability with your anticipated starting and
ending dates.

MEM-432-15

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this spring.
Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the
legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties.
Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are
strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-431-15

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid full-time press intern
with exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring
interesting and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks
as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and two writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject
“Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-428-15

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a full- or parttime press intern for our Washington, D.C. office for the spring semester
(January-May 2016). Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and
written communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about press
operations, the political process, and congressional affairs. The intern will assist
in the day-to-day operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting
members of staff with press clips and constituent communication and will help to
draft press releases, prep memos, and social media posts, in addition to assisting
with legislative research and administrative activities. Hawaii ties are appreciated
but not necessary. Please note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates
Page 11 of 18

should send a resume, writing sample, and cover letter detailing availability to
our intern coordinator, Andres Chovil, at Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No
calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-427-15

Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks applicants for a part time/full time
unpaid internship for the winter/spring of 2015. Responsibilities include, but
aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program,
providing constituent tours, attending various briefings, and providing research
for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills,
strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working
environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to Alex.Dominguez@mail.house.gov. Ohio
candidates are strongly preferred.

MEM-426-15

Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his Leadership
office. Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) transcribing videos,
collecting press clips, live-streaming briefings, supporting the Operations team in
preparing Caucus events, answering phones, providing constituency outreach
support to Democratic Members of Congress and their staff, conducting research,
extracting and formatting large quantities of data, writing detailed memos,
attending relevant briefings and meetings, and assisting with team projects.
Applicants should be motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and
written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multi-task.
Experience or interest in social media is a plus. Women and minorities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic credit or
congressional internship/fellowship program participants. The intern should be
prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please send a cover
letter and resume to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-425-15

The Office of Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster (NH-02) is seeking qualified
candidates to intern full time and part time in our Washington, D.C. office.
Interns will have a chance to experience first-hand the operations of a U.S.
Congressional office, learn about the legislative process, and gain Capitol Hill
experience.
Responsibilities include administrative tasks such as answering phones,
welcoming guests, and leading constituent tours. In addition, interns will be
required to conduct legislative research, draft constituent correspondence and
vote recommendations, attend briefings and hearings, and other projects as
needed.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
Page 12 of 18

organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to the Northeast—especially New
Hampshire—are preferred, but not required.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter,
resume, writing sample, and references to NH02.Internship@mail.house.gov.
Please include “Last Name, First Name - Internship Application” in the subject
line and include your available start and end dates and weekly schedule in the
email.
MEM-424-15

Nevada Republican seeks a legislative intern for January 2016 and/or Spring
2016. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable
exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States
Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours,
and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with correspondence, as
well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, receptions, and press
events.
Our office is looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as
well as part of a team environment. Applicants should have working knowledge
of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to do assist with daily
office tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00am6:00pm). Students welcome to apply. Those interested please send cover letter,
updated resume, and references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.

MEM-423-15

Nevada Republican seeks an unpaid communications intern for January 2016
and/or Spring 2016. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the communications process and the
United States Congress. Communication intern responsibilities include tracking
and reporting on social media and news story comments, drafting social media
posts, establishing and managing a twitter account, and reaching out to
local/national reporters on social media. Interns will also have the opportunity to
attend events and committee meetings to take photos and videos, work with the
communications director to put press releases on the website, and assist with
writing projects at the discretion of the communications director. Interns will
also help facilitate our constituent communications program and guide
constituents on tours of the US Capitol building.
Our office seeks an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be selfPage 13 of 18

starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently
and as a member of a team environment. Applicants must have a working
knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to assist
with daily communication tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00 am6:00 pm) with the option of working full-time, spring semester beginning in
January. Students are welcome to apply. If interested, please send a cover letter,
updated resume, sample of a social media post for a congressperson, and
references to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.
MEM-416-15

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) DC office seeks interns for the Spring
semester, from January to May 2016. The position requires a high deal of
professionalism and efficiency, as well as strong writing and communication
skills. The ideal candidate is organized, diligent, and positive. Duties include:
answering telephone calls, responding to general constituent inquiries and
requests for tours, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
administrative assistance to the legislative staff. Undergraduate students or recent
college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are
encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to: olivia.hodge@mail.house.gov. Please include your availability in your cover
letter.

MEM-415-15

The Office of Congressman Sam Graves (MO-06) is currently accepting
applications for his Spring 2016 internship program in his Washington, D.C.
office. The office is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated,
detail-oriented, and personable.
Ideal candidates must be able to multi-task, have outstanding oral and written
communication skills, and a desire to learn about the legislative process. Interns
will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the
different career opportunities, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities
will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with
constituent correspondence, and supporting the staff on various projects. Missouri
or Midwestern ties are preferred. Interested candidates should email a resume and
cover letter to Abigail.Camp@mail.house.gov.

MEM-414-15

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for Spring of 2016. Ideal
candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional.
Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the
media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media
and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide
professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing
interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of
their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Page 14 of 18

Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged
to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
No phone calls, please.
MEM-413-15

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking full-time
interns for her Washington D.C. office for Spring of 2016. Ideal candidate would
be professional, dependable and possess strong writing skills and work ethic.
Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent correspondence, Capitol
tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide
professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing
interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of
their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment
and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
No phone calls, please.

MEM-412-15

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
seeking paid and unpaid interns for the spring starting in January. Interns are
asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups.
Interns will work on substantive research projects and press matters.
Additionally, interns are critical to the daily operation of the office including
tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the application
provided and send in a resume.

MEM-411-15

Minnesota Democrat seeks intern applicants for the Washington, D.C. office
during the 2016 spring semester. Interns should expect to primarily assist with
front office operations, but will also get opportunities to conduct legislative
research, and obtain first-hand and comprehensive knowledge of the day-to-day
operations of a Congressional office.
Interns will assist staff with front office duties, including sorting mail, answering
telephones, data entry, and list building tasks. Assist legislative and
communications staff on projects as needed. Perform research, attend briefings,
and assist with constituent correspondence. Greet visitors, conduct tours of the
Capitol, and other assignments as needed.
Candidates should demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills
and have a good understanding of the legislative process. Qualified applicants
will be organized, dependable, able to multi-task, willing and quick to learn, able
Page 15 of 18

to work in a fast-paced environment and have a good sense of humor.
Internships are unpaid, but we are happy to work with your College or University
to receive academic credit for your internship.
Minnesota ties and full-time availability are preferred, but not necessary.
To apply, please submit a resume and cover letter here.
MEM-410-15

Congressman Gus Bilirakis (FL-12) seeks applicants for full and part-time
internships in his Washington, D.C. office for the spring semester. Washington,
D.C., interns are responsible for assisting staff with day-to-day functions within
the D.C. office, including but not limited to constituent correspondence and
legislative research. They may also assist constituents in their visits to
Washington, D.C., providing tours of the U.S. Capitol. The ideal candidate will
be a college student or recent graduate who is motivated, possesses strong writing
and organizational skills and is willing to jump in wherever needed with a
positive attitude. A congressional internship provides unparalleled value and
insight into the workings of a Capitol Hill office and the legislative process, as
well as networking opportunities and exposure to important issues before
Congress. While the internship is unpaid, college credit is available. Both parttime and full-time applicants will be considered. Florida ties preferred, but not
required. To apply, please email a current resume, cover letter, and writing
sample (500 words) with the subject line “Spring Internship” to
FL12Resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-409-15

Congressman Vern Buchanan (R-FL-16) has full-time and part-time, unpaid
internships available for the spring session (December - May) in his
Washington, DC office. Duties include but are not limited to answering
telephones, greeting visitors, conducting tours of the Capitol, researching
legislative issues and writing letters. There will also be opportunities to
experience Washington DC and attend briefings, classes and hearings.
Qualified candidates should possess excellent organizational and communication
skills, should have a positive attitude, and a strong work ethic. Although
internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for
students to receive credit at their respective college or university.
All interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
sheila.heiman@mail.house.gov with “2015 Spring Internship” in the subject line.
Include in your cover letter why you would like to intern for Congressman
Buchanan’s Washington Office, why you believe you are qualified, and your
availability. Potential candidates will be contacted via email.

MEM-408-15

The Office of Congressman Raul Ruiz (CA-36) seeks highly-motivated, qualified
interns with excellent research and communication abilities to join his District
offices in Palm Desert and Hemet, California as part of the Spring 2016
Congressional Internship Program. Although congressional interns are unpaid
Page 16 of 18

they are considered an integral part of the office and are given an opportunity to
expand their knowledge about public policy and the legislative process.
Congressional intern responsibilities may include, but are not limited to,
conducting research for staff members, assisting staff at community or public
events, attending meetings, transcribing documents, and providing general
constituent services in the form of answering phone calls. Congressman Ruiz’s
internship program also features staff-lead workshops designed to develop
essential and professional skill that students may apply in any setting.
Students interested in applying for a congressional internship in one of the offices
of Congressman Raul Ruiz have the opportunity to apply to the Spring 2016
session. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. Prospective interns
should complete an internship application (available here:
https://ruiz.house.gov/services/internships), attach their resume, and submit to
Tony Aguilar at tony.aguilar@mail.house.gov
MEM-407-15

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is seeking full or part-time
winter/spring interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess
conservative values and hold strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings, leading Capitol tours,
answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research.
While this is an unpaid internship, we are happy to work with current students
looking to receive college credit for their internship. Recent graduates are
welcome to apply. Interested applicants should send their resume and availability
to Rachel.Long@mail.house.gov. Please use “2016 McClintock Internship” in the
subject line. No phone calls, drop-ins, or faxes, please.

MEM-406-15

The Office of Congresswoman Susan W. Brooks (IN-05) is seeking full-time and
part-time interns in her Washington, D.C. office. The internship would take
place over the Spring term, beginning in January and lasting through May (start
and end dates flexible). The office is looking for both legislative and press
interns. Legislative responsibilities include researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, answering constituent letters on various issues
before the House, and leading U.S. Capitol tours. Press responsibilities include
assisting the communications director with gathering news clips, drafting
releases, and maintain social media. Interns will also partake in administrative
duties such as answering phones and maintaining the office’s constituent
database. Candidates should be motivated and have a desire to learn about the
legislative process. Strong verbal and interpersonal skills required. Indiana ties
preferred, but not required. If interested, please submit an application on our
website, susanwbrooks.house.gov. Please refer to the “services” tab, click on
internships, and submit your application. In the comments section, please indicate
whether you are interested in legislative, press, or both. Any questions can be
directed to mimi.strobel@mail.house.gov.
Page 17 of 18

MEM-405-15

The Office of Majority Whip Steve Scalise (LA-01) is seeking interns for Winter
and Spring. Interns will be placed on a rotational program through both the
leadership and personal offices of Congressman Scalise. Previous Hill internship
experience and/or Louisiana ties are preferred, but not required. Please send any
resumes and cover letters to John Woodard at John.Woodard@mail.house.gov.

MEM-404-15

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill winter/spring internship
positions. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting
legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and
congressional affairs. Spanish-fluency, California ties, and full-week availability
are all plusses. Please send a résumé, cover letter, a short writing sample (no
longer than one page), and dates of availability to jhostyn.duval@mail.house.gov
with “Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-403-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) is seeking
enthusiastic and motivated interns for Spring 2016.
The ideal candidates will interact well with constituents, be able to multitask, and
have a strong interest in public service. Excellent research and writing skills are
crucial. Arizona ties are a plus, but not required.
Interns will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and
learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities
include answering the phone, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with
constituent correspondence, and attending briefings and hearings. Internships are
unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms for students to receive
academic credit.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and a 2-5 page writing
sample to AZ07Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Name—
Spring Internship Application.” Cover letters should include the applicant's
anticipated availability for the duration of the internship; writing samples may be
excerpts of larger works. Interns will begin early to mid-January, depending on
their availability, and end in mid-May. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, and qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview.

Page 18 of 18

