________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 9, 2018

MEM-201-18

The Office of Congressman Kurt Schrader (D-OR) Fall Internship
The responsibilities of a congressional intern primarily focus on helping the
Congressman communicate with his 700,000-plus constituents by phone, letter,
and email; leading visiting constituents on tours of the historic US Capitol
building; as well as taking on any other assignments given by staffers based on
the interests/abilities of the individual intern. The position requires patience,
intellect, and exceptional people skills.
The Congressional internship is unpaid and does not receive monetary
compensation. The compensation offered is optional academic credit.
Congressman Kurt Schrader is a Democratic Representative elected to the US
House of Representatives in 2008. The Congressman is a veterinarian and farmer
who lives owns a farm in Canby, Oregon. Congressman Schrader currently serves
as a member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce (E&C), which
oversees a wide portfolio of issues ranging from health care to the environment.
In addition to his Washington, DC office staff, who deal principally with

Page 1 of 13

legislative issues, the Congressman has two additional offices and staffs in Salem
and Oregon City, Oregon, who handle the fifth district’s casework.
Candidates should possess excellent communication skills both verbal and
written, an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress, and
have a familiarity with the fifth congressional district of Oregon.
Start date: September 1 (Flexible)
End Date: December 18 (Flexible)
If you are interested, please email a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
adrian.ballinger@mail.house.gov.
MEM-200-18

The office of Congressman Jim Costa (D-CA) is currently seeking an unpaid
Intern for the Fall Semester. This is an excellent opportunity for college students
or recent graduates who want Hill experience. Interns will be expected to assist
legislative staff, while also performing administrative tasks such as answering
phones, sorting mail, etc. Individuals who are motivated, dependable, and have
good communication skills are encouraged to apply. Potential schedules may be
determined upon interview, but a minimum commitment of 32 hours per week is
requested. Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, and responsible,
possess the ability to multi-task and a good sense of humor is always a
plus. California ties are preferred but not required. Please send your resume,
cover letter, a writing sample (no more than 3 pages), and your dates of
availability to californiamoderate@gmail.com.

MEM-199-18

The Office of Congresswoman Elise Stefanik (NY-21) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for her Washington, D.C. office for the Fall of 2018. Applicants
should possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Interns will get to
work in a fast-paced environment and learn how a Congressional office operates.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting
legislative research, attending briefings/hearings, leading Capitol tours, assisting
with constituent relations, and managing the front office. The internship gives
students the opportunity to interact directly with the inner workings of Capitol
Hill and the legislative process. Internships are unpaid, and New York ties are
preferred. Please send your resume and cover letter to pattyjane.geller@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject line.

MEM-198-18

The office of Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) seeks motivated and
amiable applicants for his Washington, DC office. Interns in the DC office will
help draft constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional
hearings, and function as a key part of the staff. Interns will also assist with
answering phone calls, providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the mail
that the office receives. Applicants may be college students or recent graduates,
and class credit can be offered. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required.
Please send resume and availability to madeline.bryant@mail.house.gov.
Page 2 of 13

MEM-197-18

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
legislative interns for Fall 2018 in our Washington, D.C. office. Interns in our
office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career
and educational experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent
correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing
legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and
supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! All
internships are unpaid. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2017 Pocan Fall Internship” in the subject
line.

MEM-196-18

The office of Congressman Ron DeSantis (FL-06) is currently accepting
applications for full-time and part-time interns for Fall 2018. Interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand legislative experience working for a
congressional office. Interns will work closely with staff to draft letters and press
releases, give Capitol tours to constituents, answer phones, produce legislative
projects, and attend briefings and hearings.
Ideal candidates possess a strong work ethic, a positive attitude, and excellent
written and oral communication skills, as well as an interest in politics and the
legislative process. Florida applicants are preferred but not required.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
FL06.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-195-18

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Fall 2018 semester in Washington DC. Intern
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to
the Pacific Northwest required. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover
letter, two references, and work availability with the subject line “Fall 2018
Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.

MEM-194-18

Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is currently seeking interns for the Fall
Term for his Washington D.C. office. Candidates must be self-starters, detail
Page 3 of 13

oriented, have excellent writing and communication skills, and be able to multitask. The internship involves researching legislative issues, assisting with
incoming mail, attending lectures and hearings, giving Capitol tours, working
with legislative staff on special projects and assisting with other general office
duties. Please note that this is an unpaid internship, if you are seeking college
credit our office would be happy to assist in that. California ties a plus. Please
email your cover letter and resume to paige.boogaard@mail.house.gov with “Fall
Intern” in the subject line.
MEM-192-18

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Jim Renacci (OH-16) is now
accepting applications for Fall internships. Full and part-time internships are
available. Start/ stop dates are flexible. Basic intern responsibilities include
greeting visitors, answering phones, sorting mail, legislative research, assisting
staff on various projects, and conducting tours of the Capitol Building. Interns
will have the opportunity to attend briefings and hearings of interest as well as
see firsthand how a congressional office operates. Candidates must be motivated,
flexible, confident, and able to work well independently in a fast paced
environment. Ohio ties are preferred but not required. College students and recent
graduates considered. Internships are unpaid but course credit is available. Intern
housing information is available upon request. Qualified candidates should send a
cover letter and resume to Ben.Margolin@mail.house.gov.

MEM-191-18

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking unpaid interns for Fall 2018 in
Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with
attending briefings, answering phones, coordinate and conduct tours, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis,
and various other tasks. Internships are open to undergraduate students and
college graduates. Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or
drop ins. To apply, please email a cover letter, resume and 1-2 page writing
sample as a single PDF by July 13th, 2018 to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-190-18

U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ), member of the Ways and Means Committee,
seeks fall interns for his Washington, DC office. This internship term runs from
September through mid-December. Duties include sorting and processing mail,
greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings,
researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting our press
team, and drafting constituent correspondence. This internship is unpaid. Ties to
New Jersey are strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the
Ways and Means Committee and as the Ranking Member on the Ways and
Means Subcommittee on Trade. He holds a leadership position on the Democratic
Steering and Policy Committee. This internship is an opportunity to work in a
veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. We are very open to interns
working in the areas that interest them most and taking on increasing
responsibility as the summer progresses. Interested applicants should send a
Page 4 of 13

resume and cover letter to Christopher Hadad
(Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).
All applications are due by July 27th, 2018.
MEM-189-18

The office of Congresswoman Martha McSally is seeking fall interns for the
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
conducting Capitol tours, corresponding with constituents, researching legislative
issues, attending committee hearings, and assisting the Member and staff with
data management.
Interns will be expected to work a minimum of 24 hours per week, with
preference given to candidates who can work full time. Ideal candidates are selfstarters with strong interpersonal skills, writing capabilities, and attention to
detail. Interested candidates should email resumes to
chris.beckmann@mail.house.gov.

MEM-188-18

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the Fall of 2018. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful
candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. California ties are a plus. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of
availability to Robert.Clark@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2018 Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-187-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dwight Evans (PA-02) is seeking
highly motivated interns for the fall semester. Strong written and verbal
communication skills required. Must be dependable and a team player. Duties
include conducting research for legislative staff, leading Capitol tours, answering
constituent phone calls and inquiries, attending congressional briefings and
hearings, and compiling press clips. Interns will gain valuable professional
experience and inside knowledge of the legislative process on Capitol Hill.
Philadelphia or Pennsylvania ties strongly preferred but not required. This is an
unpaid internship, but we are happy to work with college students to receive
academic credit. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and
availability to Chandler.Mason@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2018
Internship.”

MEM-184-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is
seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming fall
semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and
communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases,
Page 5 of 13

answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability
to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political
process and congressional affairs. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of
availability to MaryBeth.Hervig@mail.house.gov with “Name - Internship
Application” in the subject line.
MEM-183-18

The Office of Congressman Daniel Lipinski (IL-03) is currently seeking both full
and part time spring interns for the fall semester in the Washington D.C.
office. Prospective interns should have a love for politics and the legislative
process, a desire to learn, and a willingness to work hard in this fast-paced office.
This is an unpaid internship.
Day to day intern responsibilities will include: drafting constituent
correspondence, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering phones, working
with legislative staff on policy issue research, and attending briefings and
hearings. Interns will work closely with legislative staff and will be given all the
tools necessary to learn to become a congressional staffer by the end of the
internship.
Applications can be submitted via the email link at
https://lipinski.house.gov/internships/. Applications will be accepted on a rolling
basis and should include: your name, contact information, university, year of
graduation, dates you are available, and an attached resume and cover letter.
Third District of Illinois ties are preferred. Please no drop ins.

MEM-181-18

Congressman Scott DesJarlais (TN-04)—unpaid; full time internship
The DC office of Congressman DesJarlais is looking for Fall interns, SeptemberDecember.
The responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer phones, conduct
Capitol tours, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process
and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Interested candidates should e-mail an updated resume and cover letter to
MeKenna.Carman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-178-18

Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2018 term. Intern
responsibilities include greeting guests in the front office, opening and sorting
Page 6 of 13

mail, guiding Capitol building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as
attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal
candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and cover
letter to caleb.baca@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling
basis, so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be
adjusted to accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties preferred but not
required.
MEM-176-18

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess
strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending
Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones,
sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research. Although all internships
are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students to receive college credit.
Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to hannah.cooke@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-175-18

Congressman Mike Bishop (MI-8th District) is a member of the U.S. House of
Representatives, representing Ingham County, Livingston County, and North
Oakland County. The Fall Internship Program will be based out of his Washington
D.C. Office. Chosen applicants will have the opportunity to develop expertise in a
congressional office and constituent relations. Applicants must possess excellent
writing skills, a proactive work ethic, and the ability to learn quickly. Internships
are unpaid, but our office is happy to support programs offering academic credit.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1 to 2 pages any
topic), and availability to Erin Beebe via email at Erin.Beebe@mail.house.gov.
Office Duties:
• Drafting constituent commendations and correspondence
• Assisting in research relating to legislation
• Conduct and lead tours of the Capitol building for our constituents
• Directing constituent phone calls
Requirements:
• Ability to communicate professionally and diplomatically at all times
• Experience in a professional work environment
• Knowledge of current events
• Commitment to staying informed on federal legislation and current
events

Page 7 of 13

Office Information:
• Office hours are from 9:00am to 5:00pm Monday through Friday
• Our D.C. office address is 428 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
• Business professional dress is required
MEM-172-18

Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-18) has Fall 2018 openings for unpaid full-time
and part-time congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office and his
Pittsburgh, PA office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detailoriented individuals with immediate availability, and a preference for those who
can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania ties are a plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects
in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and
written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly
encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired
start date and availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov.

MEM-171-18

Congressman Vern Buchanan is looking for looking for full time, unpaid interns
for his Washington DC office starting in August. Candidates should be
motivated, flexible and detailed oriented with 20-40 hours a week of availability.
Florida ties are a plus but not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phones, leading Capitol
tours, upkeeping mail databases, and assigned duties from full time staff.
Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written
communication skills.
Please email your resume, available start date, and weekly availability to
housegopinternshipFL@outlook.com.

MEM-170-18

The office of Representative Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking applicants
for an internship in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2018 term. Interns in
the Washington office will help draft constituent letter responses, answer phones,
assist with providing tours of the Capitol, and function as a key part of the staff.
The Representative is looking for people who can work well under pressure and
have excellent communication and writing skills; as well as being able to work in
a very-team oriented office. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a
must. Kansas ties preferred but not required. While the internship is unpaid, you
will gain very valuable professional experience and an inside look at the
lawmaking process on Capitol Hill.
Please email your cover letter and resume to
Ks04dc.internapplication@mail.house.gov.

Page 8 of 13

MEM-168-18

The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications for the
2018 Fall Semester. This is a full time internship that requires a flexible schedule
and the ability to travel. Our internship term runs from late august to midDecember. Interns will assist with weekly Caucus meetings, Member outreach,
and legislative work. Event planning and general logistics coordination will be
central components of the internship. Interns will also handle front office duties
such as answering phones, distributing mail, coordinating Capitol tours, and
greeting visitors. Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude, attention
to detail, and a great work ethic. Candidates with prior Hill experience, great
writing skills, and strong familiarity with House Democrats are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to
CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2018 Fall
Democratic Caucus Internship” in the subject line. Our application process is
rolling, but applicants should be advised that priority will be given to those that
submit their applications by July 9th.

MEM-167-18

The office of Congressman Walter B. Jones (NC-03) is currently seeking
applicants for an internship in either his Washington, D.C. or Greenville, N.C.
office for the Fall 2018 term. Interns in the Washington office help draft
constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, and
function as a key part of the staff. Interns also assist with answering phone calls,
providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the constituent flag request our
office receives. In the state office, interns will interact with constituents, work
with federal agencies, and participate in outreach projects in order to resolve
problems facing the people of Eastern North Carolina, as well as assist the staff
with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or recent
graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fast paced
setting. The ideal candidate possesses strong organizational, communication, and
writing skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a
must. Although the internship is unpaid, you will gain valuable professional
experience and an inside look at the lawmaking process on Capitol Hill.
Academic credit is available for qualifying students. North Carolina and/or
military ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should apply at
www.jones.house.gov by July 15th.

MEM-166-18

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking highly motivated interns to
join his Washington, DC office this fall. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
Page 9 of 13

constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-165-18

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking unpaid legislative interns for
the Fall Semester. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience
in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or
all of the following: writing, editing, and event support.
Intern duties will include assisting with administrative and legislative tasks,
answering phones, processing mail, providing capitol tours, and attending
briefings. Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate
New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page
writing sample, and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with
“Fall Internship” in the subject field.

MEM-164-18

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking an unpaid press intern to
assist with fast-paced communications operation for Fall 2018. Qualified
candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can
work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following:
writing, editing, event support, social media (esp. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram)
and photography.
Intern duties may include:
-

Daily press clips
Answering phones
Drafting documents for distribution to media
Messaging & interview prep documents
Social media content development
Event photography
…and more!

Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample
and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with “Press
Internship” in the subject field.
MEM-163-18

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology is
currently accepting applications for full-time interns for Fall 2018 and Spring
Page 10 of 13

2019. Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings
and markups, and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in
addition to press matters. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess strong
oral and written communication skills, be able to multitask, and work well in a
fast-paced environment. Please no calls or drop-ins. Interested applicants should
apply at the following link: https://democratsscience.house.gov/contact/internships.
MEM-161-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Steve Russell (OK-5) is seeking
candidates for full-time internships for Fall 2018. Interns will observe the inner
workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the
legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering
phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings,
and working on special projects. Oklahoma ties are preferred, but not required.
Please send your resume and cover letter to mitchell.wilkinson@mail.house.gov,
with "Internship Application" in the subject line.

MEM-160-18

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for
the fall 2018 session in his Capitol Hill office. The fall session dates are August
27- December 14. The internship schedule is flexible to accommodate
classes. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and
briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as
well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First
Congressional District are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should
e-mail their resume and cover letter to katie.mazzola@mail.house.gov before July
13. Please specify what your internship schedule may look like.

MEM-159-18

The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate-level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for a
Fall 2018 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting
with phone inquiries and providing support to all Committee staff. Background in
science is a plus. To apply, please send your resume and cover letter to
house.science.committee@mail.house.gov.

MEM-158-18

The Republican staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of
the House of Representatives seeks candidates for law student, graduate student,
Page 11 of 13

and undergraduate student internships for fall 2017. Interns will have the
opportunity to participate in substantive work on investigations and legislation,
attend hearings and briefings, and participate in an intern education program.
Undergraduate interns will also rotate through assisting in the front office on a
recurring basis.
Fall internships are available immediately and typically run through the middle of
December, although specific dates will be determined a case-by-case basis.
Interns must be available at least three days a week, and preference will be
afforded to those available full time.
The strongest candidates will exhibit an excellent work ethic, discretion in
working on confidential matters, and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about
the Committee’s work.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter detailing their
interest in the position to Robert.Brooks@mail.house.gov and
Michael.Watson@mail.house.gov. Graduate students and law students are
encouraged to include an unedited writing sample.
MEM-157-18

The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience
in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates
will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary
responsibilities include office tasks such as answering phones and handling mail
as well as assisting with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist
with investigative research or other projects as needed. To apply please submit
your cover letter, resume and writing sample at https://democratsoversight.house.gov/about/internships-and-fellowships.

MEM-155-18

The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for Fall 2018 Interns. We are seeking dependable, politically
conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and strong
work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school. The
deadline to apply is June 29, 2018. Applicants should email their resume, cover
letter, 2 references (1 professional and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and
completed application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov. These materials should
be in PDF format. Please visit budget.house.gov for the application and more
information. Late and incomplete application packets will not be considered. Paid
Page 12 of 13

internships are available to any student working full time and not receiving
course credit.

Page 13 of 13

