________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 15, 2014
MEM-326-14

The Republican office of the Committee on House Administration
seeks energetic and self-motivated individuals with an interest in
government and public policy, to apply for its full-time Fall 2014
internship program. Working closely with Committee staff, interns
will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the innerworkings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day
administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are
responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings
(hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone inquiries,
and providing support to all Committee staff. This is a paid internship.
To apply, please send a cover letter and one page resume to
CHARep.Intern@mail.house.gov.

MEM-324-14

Congressman Emanuel Cleaver, II (MO-05) seeks a responsible,
focused, self-motivated, enthusiastic, and organized Intern. Positions
are available to start immediately. Although internships are unpaid
positions, interns are treated as full participants in the Congressional
office. Duties will include, but are not limited to: answering phones,
Page 1 of 13

processing mail, researching issues, drafting correspondence, attending
hearings and briefings, and maintaining a professional atmosphere.
Strong writing and effective communication skills, as well as the ability
to multi-task, are necessary. Current students are especially encouraged
to apply. If you are interested, e-mail a cover letter, resume, and short
writing sample to Parker Low at Parker.Low@mail.house.gov.
MEM-323-14

Republican Congressman seeking paid interns to start immediately.
Main responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail,
guiding Capitol tours, and assisting the legislative staff by drafting
constituent correspondence letters and researching legislative issues.
There will be opportunities to attend meetings and hearings as needed,
as well as receptions and seminars that interest you. Qualified
candidates must be highly motivated self-starters who are detail
oriented and have excellent organization and communication skills.
This is a paid internship starting immediately with flexible starting and
ending dates. California ties are a plus, but not required. Please send
inquiries with resume and cover letter attached to
cagopintern@gmail.com.

MEM-322-14

Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid
interns to fill positions for January through May 2015. Main
responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and
attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities
to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be selfmotivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good
understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred. Please email your cover letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at
samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-317-14

The office of Congressman Keith Ellison seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for August through December 2014. Main responsibilities
include answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and attending
meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities to attend
receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be selfmotivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good
understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Minnesota ties strongly preferred. If
interested, please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
zach.freed@mail.house.gov

MEM-316-14

U.S. Congressman Marc Veasey’s (D-TX) Washington, D.C. press
office seeks self-motivated, detail-oriented and highly energetic press
Page 2 of 13

intern for fall semester 2014. This is a perfect opportunity for talented
students who want to get involved in the communications arena,
political arena or both!
Duties include assisting with daily news clips, writing and research,
issue tracking, drafting media releases and other communications
materials, maintaining press contact lists, special event support,
creating social media content, assisting with digital communications
and social networking operations, press events and website content
management.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office as well as familiarity with digital and
social media preferred. A background in journalism or communications
and special skills such as photography, video editing and graphic
design a plus, but not required. Undergraduate and graduate students, as
well as recent graduates, are encouraged to apply.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, two references and a
short writing sample to: Jessica.Coscia@mail.house.gov
MEM-315-14

Paid Fall Internship: The Washington, D.C. office of a California
Republican is currently seeking paid interns. Main responsibilities
include answering phones, processing mail, guiding Capitol tours, and
assisting the legislative staff by drafting constituent correspondence
letters and researching legislative issues. There will also be
opportunities to attend meetings, briefings, and hearings as needed.
Qualified candidates must be highly motivated self-starters who are
detail oriented and have excellent organizational and communication
skills. This is a paid fall internship starting immediately. California ties
are preferred, but not required. Please send inquiries with resume, cover
letter, and two one-page writing samples attached to
ca.intern2013@gmail.com

MEM-314-14

Florida Democrat seeks interns for Washington, D.C. office available
to start immediately. Candidates should be proactive, and possess
superior written and oral communication skills.
This internship will provide exposure to all areas of a legislative
office. Interns will be responsible for assisting the team with phones,
mail, tours, flag-requests, and related front office duties. Additional
tasks, including drafting constituent correspondence, conducting
legislative research, and attending hearings may be assigned as needed.
This is a great opportunity for individuals who are interested in learning
about the inner-workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process in a
busy office.
To apply, please send an e-mail to
Page 3 of 13

DCInternship.Grayson@mail.house.gov with your cover letter,
résumé, and two writing samples (not to exceed one page each)
attached as PDFs.
MEM-312-14

A Senior Democratic Maryland Congressman is seeking highly
motivated candidates to join his Washington D.C. on Tuesdays,
Wednesdays, and Thursdays through December for an unpaid
internship. Candidates should be organized, professional, quick
learners, team players and approach new challenges with a positive
attitude. To apply for this position, please send an email to
Brett.Cozzolino@mail.house.gov with a resume, cover letter, and a
short writing sample.
REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator/Supervisor
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
 to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry,
reception duties and other office errands.
DUTIES:
 Performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress);
 Sorts and distributes mail;
 Performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and
constituent requests, including names and addresses of
constituents;
 Answers the telephones;
 Notes constituent opinions, including their full names,
addresses, and all relevant information;
 Greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
 Performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.

MEM-311-14

Ohio Republican seeks full time hard working interns for Fall 2014.
Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls,
assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending
various briefings, providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified
candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication
skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an
interest in learning more about the legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are preferred.

MEM-310-14

Congressman Brad Schneider (IL-10) is currently seeking an unpaid
intern to start work in September in his Washington, D.C. office.
Interns perform a variety of front office responsibilities, including
answering phones, receiving guests, and providing tours of the Capitol
Page 4 of 13

Building. They will also research legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, write memos, and
answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns
should possess strong research, writing, analytical, and interpersonal
skills. Interested candidates should email their resume and cover letter
to internshipsIL10@gmail.com.
MEM-309-14

House Judiciary Committee press office seeks self-motivated, detailoriented and highly energetic part-time press intern for fall 2014.
Duties include compiling daily news clips, issue tracking and research,
drafting media releases and other communications materials,
maintaining press contact lists, special event support, and
conceptualizing social media content. A background in journalism or
communications and special skills such as photography, video editing
and graphic design a plus, but not required. Undergraduate and
graduate students, as well as recent graduates, are encouraged to apply.
Michigan ties are a plus. Start and end dates are flexible. This
internship is unpaid, but the office will accommodate applicants
seeking to earn academic credit. Please submit a one page resume, a
short writing sample, and a cover letter that includes date and hours of
availability to HouseJudiciaryDems@gmail.com.

MEM-307-14

The office of Congressman Jim Himes (D-CT-4) is currently seeking
full and part time unpaid interns for the fall 2014 semester to work in
the Congressman’s Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include,
but are not limited to, sorting income constituent correspondence,
drafting reply letters on behalf of the Congressman, and giving tours of
the U.S. Capitol to constituents.
Successful applicants are strong communicators – i.e., are good writers
and speakers – are able to work cooperatively with others, are
organized, have a positive attitude and a sense of humor, and are
reliable. Applicants should also have working knowledge and curiosity
of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to perform
a variety of tasks and administrative functions. This is an excellent
opportunity to learn more about the legislative process and better
understand the inner workings of a Congressional office.
Connecticut ties are preferred, but all applicants are encouraged to
apply. For any questions or to apply, please contact our internship
coordinator at himes.internship@mail.house.gov. All applications
should consist of one cover letter, resume, and a brief (1-3 page)
writing sample. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-306-14

Illinois Representative John Shimkus is currently accepting
applications for Fall semester internship positions in his Washington
D.C. office. This unpaid internship is available on either a full-time or
Page 5 of 13

part-time basis. Qualified candidates will be highly organized, prompt,
responsible, and ready to work in a fast paced environment. Strong
oral and communication skills are a must. Daily responsibilities will
include, but are not limited to, assisting staff, answering phones,
organizing mail, giving tours of the Capitol Building, and attending
hearings and briefings for legislative staff. Interns will gain valuable
Capitol Hill experience and further their understanding of the
legislative process. Illinois ties are preferred but not necessary. All
interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to
midwestinternship@gmail.com
MEM-305-14

The Office of Congressman McClintock (CA-04) is seeking immediate
fall interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess
conservative values, as well as strong written and verbal
communication skills. Interns will gain first-hand experience in the
operation and management of a Congressional office. Internship duties
include attending Congressional hearings, leading U.S. Capitol tours,
answering phones, managing constituent mail database, drafting
constituent correspondence, and assisting legislative staff with research.
Those with ties to California are encouraged to apply. Interested
applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter summarizing their interest in working for Congressman
McClintock to Rachel.Long@mail.house.gov. Please use “2014 Fall
Internship” in the subject line. No phone calls, drop-ins, or faxes
please.

MEM-304-14

The office of Congressman Ron Barber of Arizona seeks qualified
interns for our fall internship program. Interns can expect to gain
exposure to the day-to-day activities of Congress while playing an
active role in the daily work of a Congressional office. Congressman
Barber’s district deals extensively with border and immigration issues,
alternative energy, scientific research, and national security. Interns can
expect experience dealing with a wide variety of issues of critical
importance to the nation.
Our internship program places interns in roles with significant
responsibility, so we seek only those looking to gain meaningful
experience. Responsibilities include assisting with constituent
communications, leading Capitol tours, general administrative duties
and assisting with special projects. Prospective applicants should be
personable, self-starters, quick-learning and eager to take an active role
in the workings of a Congressional office.
Internships are unpaid, but arrangements can be made with your school
for academic credit. Both part-time and full-time internships are
Page 6 of 13

available, but preference will be given to those who can dedicate at
least 25 hours per week.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
az.house.internship@gmail.com. Individuals with Arizona ties are
strongly encouraged to apply. No calls please.
MEM-303-14

Fall Press Intern - NY Democrat is seeking press and social media
interns for the Fall of 2014 in his Washington, D.C.
office. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, compiling
press clips, monitoring daily news, drafting talking points and press
releases, managing social media outlets and working closely with
senior staff. The ideal candidate will possess meticulous editing skills,
expertise in new social media platforms, an ability to work in a fastpaced environment, professionalism and a good sense of humor. Please
note that the internship is unpaid and housing is not provided, but
students can qualify for academic credit depending on the requirements
of the college or university. Interested applicants should e-mail a cover
letter, resume, short writing sample (in the form of a speech or press
release), and dates of availability with "Press Intern Fall 2014" in the
subject line to NY.PressIntern@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-302-14

The Office of Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson is seeking fulltime and part-time unpaid interns for the Fall 2014 semester in the
member’s Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities will include
assisting the administrative and legislative staff with writing, legislative
research, constituent services, and attending various briefings and
hearings. Candidates should be self-motivated, detail oriented and
possess strong oral and written communication skills. This is an
excellent opportunity to gain experience on Capitol Hill while learning
about the legislative process. Texas ties are preferred, but not required.
If you are interested in this internship opportunity, please e-mail a
cover letter, resume, references and a writing sample to
DCintern.tx30@gmail.com. Please no phone calls or walk-ins.

MEM-301-14

The office of Congressman Albio Sires (NJ-08) seeks motivated, wellorganized interns for our Washington, DC office on a full or part-time
basis for the fall semester. Excellent writing and communication skills
as well as good judgment are essential. Duties will include assisting
staff with correspondence and research, attending hearings and
briefings, greeting guests, answering phones & other duties as
needed. If you are interested, please fax a cover letter, resume, and
writing sample to 202-226-0792.

MEM-300-14

The House’s most unique and courageous conservative seeks smart,
happy interns (of all ages and backgrounds) for the remainder of the
Page 7 of 13

year. Alas, we cannot pay you. Schedules and start/end dates are
negotiable if you’re worth it. We do not insist on specific, arbitrary
submissions: send us whatever personal materials you think will give
us reason to hire you, even if that’s just a standard boring resume and
canned cover letter. Writing samples are encouraged, but not required,
because even a short cover letter belies and betrays a lousy writer.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
This Member is not a jerk, and neither loathes nor avoids interns, but
loves them, and actually speaks to them. If you are selected for this
internship you will have extraordinary access to the Member and to
meaningful projects that go well beyond the standard intern grunt work
(or your money back).
Personality and ideology are important. Please bring a confident,
vigorous intellect and no drama. Ideal candidates will be true patriots
who can count up to 17 in trillions, and care more about future
generations than they do about sucking up to current leadership. Mushy
pleasers/appeasers keep walkin’. HINT: vapid granolas who fear guns,
hate babies, are ashamed of America, and think Islamic terrorists and
illegal aliens are just misunderstood will not be comfortable here.
Reply to: kim.tape@mail.house.gov.
MEM-299-14

Congresswoman Candice S. Miller (R-MI) seeks legislative interns for
the Fall 2014 (September-December) semester. Interns will work in a
fast-paced congressional office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, managing
constituent phone calls, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research,
assist with constituent correspondence, and attend legislative briefings,
congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able
to find information with little assistance, be able to work both
independently as well as part of a team environment, and possess a
strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge
of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to perform
a variety of tasks and administrative functions. Michigan ties are
strongly preferred; however, candidates from outside the state will be
considered. Undergraduate students are strongly encouraged to
apply. To apply, please send cover letter and resume to
MI10Intern@gmail.com .

MEM-298-14

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is
Page 8 of 13

seeking a full-time or part-time Press and Social Media intern for the
fall of 2014. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to
compiling press clips, monitoring daily news, drafting talking points
and press releases, updating social media and working closely with the
communications director. The ideal candidate will have previous
experience in public relations or journalism, possess strong written
communications skills, ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
professional manner. Please note that the internship is unpaid and
housing is not provided, but student can qualify for
academic credit depending on the requirements of the college or
university. Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume,
short writing sample (in the form of a speech or press release) and dates
of availability with "Norton Internship" in the subject line to
Jason.spear@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-297-14

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is
seeking a full-time or part-time intern for the fall of 2014. This is an
opportunity to learn about the inner-workings of a congressional office
on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment. The internship allows
access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide range of
important issues. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol,
conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and
processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a
professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills,
the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the
legislative and governmental process. To apply, please send a resume,
contact information for three references, writing sample, and cover
letter to Jason.spear@mail.house.gov, with the subject Norton
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-294-14

Nevada Congressman Steven Horsford is seeking current college
students or recent college graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill
experience for a full-time or part-time semester internship to begin in
August and/or September 2014.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist
the legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such
duties include assisting the legislative and communications staff,
attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, doing legislative research and
various other tasks. The internship is unpaid, though interns will gain
valuable Hill and office experience and will have access to many
unique Hill opportunities. Nevada and District 4 ties are preferred, but
not necessary.

Page 9 of 13

Please send a resume and cover letter
to NV04Internships@mail.house.gov. Your application should
include your anticipated start date and availability. Please no drop bys
or phone calls.
MEM-292-14

Congressman Dan Kildee’s Washington, D.C. office is always seeking
motivated and hard-working college students for fall internships.
Although internships are unpaid, students will gain valuable work
experience in a fast-paced congressional office.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have
excellent oral and written communications skills, responsible,
dependable, and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task
assigned to them. Tasks include and are not limited to the following:
Researching legislative issues, preparing constituent correspondence,
data entry, and helping maintain the efficient day-to-day operations of
an active Congressional office.
If interested, please send a resume and letters of recommendation to
Ghada Alkiek at ghada.alkiek@mail.house.gov
For more information on Congressman Dan Kildee and Michigan’s 5th
Congressional District, please visit our website at
www.dankildee.house.gov

MEM-291-14

New York Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) is seeking unpaid
Interns for the fall semester, preferably to begin in late August and
finish in December. Interns will:
 Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting
incoming mail, greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
 Assist in the preparation of constituent responses, bills, and
amendments.
 Perform legislative research.
 Respond to requests from constituents.
 Attend briefings, hearings, and special events where they may
have the opportunity to meet with Members of Congress,
leaders of industry, and the press.
 Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the federal
legislative process.
Currently, Congressman Jerrold Nadler represents New York's 10th
Congressional District, which includes the residents of most of the
Upper West Side, Lower Manhattan and sections of
Page 10 of 13

Brooklyn. Congressman Nadler serves on the Judiciary Committee and
on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, where he is the
highest ranking member from New York. He is the Ranking member
of The Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet.
Applicant Instructions:
Please e-mail or fax a resume, brief cover letter, and 1-2 page writing
sample to:
Email: Gabriella.Libby@mail.house.gov Fax: 202-225-6923.
MEM-290-14

Congressional Black Caucus Internship- Fall 2014 - The
Congressional Black Caucus is accepting applications for internship
positions available for fall 2014. This unpaid internship will provide
valuable hands on experience in developing and executing initiatives
for a Congressional Caucus and will provide an understanding the
Caucus’s role in the legislative process. This is an excellent opportunity
for college students and recent graduates seeking Capitol Hill
experience. All majors are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants
should e-mail a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Charlyn.Stanberry@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2014 Internship” in
the subject. Please also include dates of availability.

MEM-289-14

Fall Legal Fellow - Energetic NY Freshman Democrat is seeking a
highly motivated Legislative Fellow to assist with a number of issues,
including criminal justice, intellectual property, and financial
services. Responsibilities include analyzing policy issues, drafting
memos, researching policy positions, and assisting extremely active
legislative staff as needed. The ideal candidate should possess strong
communication skills, attention to detail, and the ability to operate in a
fast-paced environment. Candidates with New York ties and previous
internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. This
fellowship is unpaid but is eligible for school credit where
applicable. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample
to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov with “Legal Fellowship” in the
subject line. Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-288-14

The office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is seeking
applications for internships during the Fall. As a fast-paced office for
an active member of the Democratic leadership, we expect a lot from
our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship
program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence,
and providing assistance to the legislative staff. Applicants must have
excellent writing and communications skills. Interested applicants
should email a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample (2-3
Page 11 of 13

pages) to tom.gibson@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Intern
Application.”
MEM-287-14

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04)
seeks highly motivated interns, full time or part time, for Fall 2014.
Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detailoriented, and professional. Strong written and oral communication
skills are essential.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff
with legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press
activities. Interns will: answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to
constituent mail; lead tours of the US Capitol building; attend hearings
and briefings; and assist with legislative research.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
matt.leasure@mail.house.gov. Candidates with Oregon ties are
strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-271-14

A Democratic California Congressman is seeking highly motivated
interns to join his Washington, DC office for a part or full time unpaid
internship for the autumn term (September-December). Candidates
should be organized, professional, quick learners, and team players.
Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are important. Main responsibilities include but are not limited to
assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and
meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US
Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and
managing tour and flag requests. Candidates with California ties and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter to
Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-259-14

Fall Intern – The Office of Congressman David Price (NC-04) is
seeking qualified candidates to intern in our Washington, D.C. office
for the fall semester (September through the end of November.) This
unpaid internship will provide valuable hands-on experience in a
Congressional office and a greater understanding of the legislative
process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: attending
Congressional briefings, conducting research for staffers, responding to
constituent inquiries, operating the phones, sorting the mail, and giving
tours of the Capitol.
The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of
major, who are attending a DC-area college or who are participating in
Page 12 of 13

a semester program in Washington sponsored by a college or
university. NC ties are required. Please fill out the application and
follow the submitting instructions at
http://price.house.gov/internships/.
MEM-223-14

Congressman Jerry McNerney (CA-09) is currently accepting
applications for Fall semester internship positions in his Washington
D.C. office. This unpaid internship will provide valuable hands-on
experience in a Congressional office and a greater understanding of the
legislative process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol,
conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and
processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a
professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills,
the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the
legislative and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. All majors are encouraged
to apply. Ties to California’s Ninth Congressional District are
preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume
and cover letter to nick.sullivan@mail.house.gov with “CA-09
Internship” in the subject line. Include dates of availability.

Page 13 of 13

