________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 23, 2019

MEM-459-19

The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking Fall 2019 interns for our
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones,
managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting
legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work
well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have
excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are
preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are
encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall Intern” in the subject line. No phone calls
or walk-ins please.

MEM-455-19

The Office of Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur seeks a highly motivated
Legislative Fellow to assist DC office in development and execution of policy
and legislative strategy on a broad range of issues.
Page 1 of 9

Responsibilities of the Fellow will include contributions to hearings and conduct
relevant research; to staff meetings and attend briefings; conduct research,
prepare questions, and help draft materials for the Member, including legislation.
The position will also require occasional administrative duties. A candidate who
is willing to be a team-player and assist with any project asked will best excel in
this position. Candidates must possess strong communication (oral and written),
writing, research, and time management skills.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to
Courtney.Hruska@mail.house.gov with “Kaptur Fellow” in the subject line. This
fellowship will come with a stipend and is for the remainder of 2019, with the
possibility of extension into 2020. Women and minorities are encouraged to
apply.
MEM-454-19

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) seeks a
paid intern to work Monday, Wednesday and Friday 9am-6pm. This position
offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of Representatives and gain
substantive work experience in an exciting and fast-paced office. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Qualifications:
•Applicants must have a demonstrated interest in politics, policy, and/or public
service.
•Ideal candidates will be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and
professional with strong communication and writing skills.
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assists with office administrative tasks, including sorting incoming mail,
greeting visitors, and answering the phone.
•Attends briefings, hearings, and special events for legislative staff.
•Writes constituent response letters and conducts legislative research on behalf of
the Member and legislative staff.
•Leads tours of the U.S. Capitol building and assists with other constituent
services.
•Hours: Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, 9-6pm.
•Start/end date: As soon as possible through December 2019.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to
Cohen.Internships@mail.house.gov

MEM-453-19

The House Judiciary Committee Democratic staff are looking for interns for the
spring semester. The House Committee on the Judiciary’s staff internship
program offers undergraduate students, law students, graduate students, and
recent graduates an opportunity to experience the operation of a congressional
committee firsthand and learn about the important role that our Committee plays
in the legislative process.
Page 2 of 9

The Judiciary Committee has jurisdiction over a wide range of legislative and
oversight issues, including oversight of the U.S. Department of Justice,
constitutional law, federal criminal law, voting rights, immigration and
naturalization, intellectual property law, and antitrust law. The committee will be
providing stipends to spring interns, with additional funds provided to interns
with additional demonstrated financial need.
Intern assignments will vary depending on the work of the Judiciary Committee
each semester. Examples of potential responsibilities include:
•Researching policy issues under the committee’s jurisdiction
•Conducting legal research
•Attending briefings and hearings on the Hill
•Drafting memos
•Supporting committee counsels
•Supporting committee clerks and professional staff members
•Providing administrative support, including answering calls, delivering
correspondence, and setting up the hearing room.
The Committee strives to ensure that our internship class reflects the diversity of
the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. The deadline to apply for the
spring semester is October 1, 2019. To learn more and apply, click here
(https://judiciary.house.gov/internships).
MEM-452-19

House Judiciary Committee Democrats is looking for interns who can assist in
executing an aggressive communications strategy. Candidates should have a
strong interest in both public relations and public policy. Applicants should have
excellent organizational skills and strong research, writing, and communication
skills. Ideal candidates are college students, recent graduates, or graduate
students. The Judiciary Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse
staff, and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Primary Duties:
Assisting with committee hearings, press conferences, panels, forums, and other
events
Drafting social media content (i.e. facebook, twitter, instagram, medium)
Taking photos of and recording events
Managing press lists, including creating issue-specific press lists
Compiling press clips
Please send a resume and cover letter to JudPressIntern@mail.house.gov. Please
note that House Judiciary Committee Democrats Communications Interns will be
provided a stipend for their work.
Page 3 of 9

MEM-449-19

Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking applicants for full-time
internships for the Fall of 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist with
legislative and administrative work by attending briefings, answering phones,
drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative research,
among other tasks. Kansas ties are preferred, but are not required.
If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to
KS04DC.InternApplication@mail.house.gov

MEM-447-19

Congressman Anthony Gonzalez’s Washington DC office is currently accepting
Full-Time Paid Internship Applicants for the Fall Semester. Recent graduates
interested in learning more about our country’s legislative and communicative
process are encouraged to apply. Interns will be responsible for providing Capitol
tours, legislative research, answering phone calls, and attending Congressional
events like briefings, hearings, and meetings. Ohio ties are preferred but not
required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume to Brendan at
brendan.otoole@mail.house.gov

MEM-446-19

The Office of the Representative Linda Sánchez is currently accepting
applications for a full-time Spring internship. Ideal candidates will possess
excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in
a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities
will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol
tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and
assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are
preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to
DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Spring Internship” in the
subject line. The application deadline is Friday, November 18th.

MEM-443-19

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform is
seeking energetic and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time
internships. The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain
substantive experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while
participating directly in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day
administrative operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes. Law
Page 4 of 9

students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff. Background: The Oversight and Reform Committee is the
primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with
jurisdiction to investigate any matter at any time.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the
office full time are preferred. Applications:
Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a cover letter and
resume to OversightJobs@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the
subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-441-19

Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Fall 2019 in
Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with
various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones,
conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and
performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and
willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college
graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to:
Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
Page 5 of 9

•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor
MEM-438-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Mike Quigley (IL-05) is seeking a
highly motivated press intern to join an active communications team for a fulltime fall internship. Responsibilities will include drafting social media content,
distributing morning press clips, assisting the Communications Director with
drafting press releases and other written materials, and other responsibilities as
needed. The press intern will also complete traditional Congressional intern tasks
including answering phones, leading Capitol tours, and staffing the front desk as
needed.
Ideal candidates will have ties to Chicago or Illinois and previous digital or
campaign experience. Women, LGBT, and minority candidates are encouraged to
apply. Please send a resume and cover letter to Victoria.Oms@mail.house.gov
with the subject line “Press Intern.”

MEM-434-19

Chicago based Democrat Mike Quigley (IL-05) is seeking interns for the fall
semester in his Washington, DC office to start immediately. Candidates should
possess an interest in the legislative process, excellent writing and
communication skills, and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative team to conduct
research, draft letters and policy memos. Responsibilities also include answering
phone calls, drafting constituent correspondence, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, and related administrative work. Interns will have the opportunity to
attend briefings, hearings, and other legislative events.
Individuals with Chicago ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified
candidates should email their cover letters and resumes to
Isabella.Spinozzi@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Internship Application.”

MEM-432-19

The Democratic Majority of the Committee on Rules is seeking a full-time press
intern for the upcoming semester (January-May). Opportunities will include
compiling daily press clips, working collaboratively to generate creative and
engaging content for digital platforms, and assisting communications staff with
the creation of additional materials as needed.
Ideal candidate is a politically savvy, detail-oriented, and creative self-starter who
is familiar with graphic and/or video design, with an interest in learning about
House procedure. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to
perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and

Page 6 of 9

diverse candidates, those with untraditional backgrounds, women, and LGBTQ
persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send both a resume and brief cover letter with the subject line:
Press Intern Spring 2020 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you want to
join, in particular, the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to
RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov. Please save requested documents
in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” The
deadline to apply is October 14, 2019.
MEM-431-19

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic
interns for the upcoming semester (January – May). Our interns work closely
with Committee staff to prepare materials for Committee meetings, process
incoming amendments to bills, conduct research projects, answer phones, learn
about the Rules of the House and the special-order process, and complete a
variety of other administrative tasks.
Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work ethic, an interest in
learning about House floor procedures, and are detail-oriented. Applicants must
have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds or with untraditional
experience to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line:
Legislative Intern Spring 2020 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you
want to join the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee to
RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov. Please save requested documents
in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” The
deadline to apply is October 14, 2019.

MEM-427-19

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a full
or part-time press intern. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
compiling press clips, photographing hearings, writing social media copy, and
other tasks as needed by the Communications team. Qualified candidates will
have strong oral and written communications skills as well as a desire to help
veterans and learn about the House and legislative process.
Submit a resume and cover letter to veterans.internships@mail.house.gov. Please
include in your cover letter how many days a week you would be available to
intern as well as your preferred start and end dates. Student veterans preferred,
but not required. Internships are unpaid.

Page 7 of 9

MEM-424-19

California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time
interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified
candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office,
intern responsibilities will vary.
Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give tours of the Capitol Building, run
errands, assist with constituent communication, research legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office.
Internships are paid and the office will provide any necessary assistance for
students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
CAGOPInternship@gmail.com

MEM-418-19

The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking
undergraduate interns for fall of 2019. Interns perform a variety of tasks that
support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include,
but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing
including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup
preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and
meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft
legislation and policy proposals.
Media tasks may include helping to organize and staff Committee press
conferences and assisting with the production of daily news clips. Applicants
should be able to start in September and commit through December.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume, references and
internship applicant information form to
E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov. Please visit our website at
https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Applicants
should aim to submit their materials as soon as possible.

MEM-417-19

The Office of Congressman H. Morgan Griffith (VA-09) is currently seeking full
or part-time unpaid interns for his Washington, D.C. office during the fall
semester. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication
skills.
Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings,
answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research.
Although all internships are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students
to receive college credit. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to josie.hammon@mail.house.gov No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
Page 8 of 9

MEM-416-19

The Democratic Staff on the House Education and Labor Committee seeks a
health care intern/fellow. This position will work on the health team. Candidates
should have familiarity with health policy, including the Affordable Care Act.
Knowledge of other statutes and policies within the Committee’s jurisdiction and
how they impact health and human services policy is preferred. Prior Hill
experience or policy experience is also preferred.
Tasks will include supporting the development of legislation regarding health
policy, conducting issue and legislative research, and preparing written materials
and legislative analyses. Applicants should be available to start in September
2019 and commit through December 2019.
To apply, applicants must submit the internship applicant information form
(https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships/form), a resume and a short writing
sample. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates
of diverse backgrounds to apply. Please email resume and writing sample to
E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov with "Health Policy Intern/Fellow" in
the subject line.

MEM-415-19

The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking Fall 2019 interns for our
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones,
managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting
legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work
well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have
excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are
preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are
encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall Intern” in the subject line. No phone calls
or walk-ins please.

Page 9 of 9

