________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 18, 2014
MEM-294-14

Nevada Congressman Steven Horsford is seeking current college
students or recent college graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill
experience for a full-time or part-time semester internship to begin in
August and/or September 2014.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist
the legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such
duties include assisting the legislative and communications staff,
attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, doing legislative research and
various other tasks. The internship is unpaid, though interns will gain
valuable Hill and office experience and will have access to many
unique Hill opportunities. Nevada and District 4 ties are preferred, but
not necessary.
Please send a resume and cover letter
to NV04Internships@mail.house.gov. Your application should
include your anticipated start date and availability. Please no drop bys
Page 1 of 17

or phone calls.
MEM-293-14

Internships are currently available in Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren’s
(CA-19) Washington, D.C. office for the 2014 Fall Semester.
Congresswoman Lofgren represents California’s 19th Congressional
District, which lies in the heart of California’s “Silicon Valley”.
Interns have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a
busy Congressional office and gain invaluable work experience. This is
an excellent opportunity for those interested in the legislative process.
Interns’ responsibilities will vary—in addition to answering phones and
running errands around the Capitol, interns will have the opportunity to
attend hearings and briefings, research legislation for legislative staff,
and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent writing and analytical
skills, a demonstrated work ethic, and ability to function in a fast-paced
environment. A successful candidate will be motivated, able to
multitask, and have the ability to work well under pressure. Full-time
and part-time internship positions are available beginning September 3,
2014. Part-time interns must work at least three full days a week.
Internships are unpaid. California-19 and/or California ties are
preferred but not required. Interested applicants should apply through
http://lofgren.house.gov/. Please cite Brad Traverse as source of this
lead.

MEM-292-14

Congressman Dan Kildee’s Washington, D.C. office is always seeking
motivated and hard-working college students for fall internships.
Although internships are unpaid, students will gain valuable work
experience in a fast-paced congressional office.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have
excellent oral and written communications skills, responsible,
dependable, and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task
assigned to them. Tasks include and are not limited to the following:
Researching legislative issues, preparing constituent correspondence,
data entry, and helping maintain the efficient day-to-day operations of
an active Congressional office.
If interested, please send a resume and letters of recommendation to
Ghada Alkiek at ghada.alkiek@mail.house.gov
For more information on Congressman Dan Kildee and Michigan’s 5th
Congressional District, please visit our website at
www.dankildee.house.gov
Page 2 of 17

MEM-291-14

New York Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) is seeking unpaid
Interns for the fall semester, preferably to begin in late August and
finish in December. Interns will:
 Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting
incoming mail, greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
 Assist in the preparation of constituent responses, bills, and
amendments.
 Perform legislative research.
 Respond to requests from constituents.
 Attend briefings, hearings, and special events where they may
have the opportunity to meet with Members of Congress,
leaders of industry, and the press.
 Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the federal
legislative process.
Currently, Congressman Jerrold Nadler represents New York's 10th
Congressional District, which includes the residents of most of the
Upper West Side, Lower Manhattan and sections of
Brooklyn. Congressman Nadler serves on the Judiciary Committee and
on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, where he is the
highest ranking member from New York. He is the Ranking member
of The Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet.
Applicant Instructions:
Please e-mail or fax a resume, brief cover letter, and 1-2 page writing
sample to:
Email: Gabriella.Libby@mail.house.gov Fax: 202-225-6923.

MEM-290-14

Congressional Black Caucus Internship- Fall 2014 - The
Congressional Black Caucus is accepting applications for internship
positions available for fall 2014. This unpaid internship will provide
valuable hands on experience in developing and executing initiatives
for a Congressional Caucus and will provide an understanding the
Caucus’s role in the legislative process. This is an excellent opportunity
for college students and recent graduates seeking Capitol Hill
experience. All majors are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants
should e-mail a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Charlyn.Stanberry@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2014 Internship” in
the subject. Please also include dates of availability.

MEM-289-14

Fall Legal Fellow - Energetic NY Freshman Democrat is seeking a
highly motivated Legislative Fellow to assist with a number of issues,
including criminal justice, intellectual property, and financial
services. Responsibilities include analyzing policy issues, drafting
memos, researching policy positions, and assisting extremely active
Page 3 of 17

legislative staff as needed. The ideal candidate should possess strong
communication skills, attention to detail, and the ability to operate in a
fast-paced environment. Candidates with New York ties and previous
internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. This
fellowship is unpaid but is eligible for school credit where
applicable. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample
to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov with “Legal Fellowship” in the
subject line. Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-288-14

The office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is seeking
applications for internships during the Fall. As a fast-paced office for
an active member of the Democratic leadership, we expect a lot from
our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship
program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence,
and providing assistance to the legislative staff. Applicants must have
excellent writing and communications skills. Interested applicants
should email a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample (2-3
pages) to tom.gibson@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Intern
Application.”

MEM-287-14

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04)
seeks highly motivated interns, full time or part time, for Fall 2014.
Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detailoriented, and professional. Strong written and oral communication
skills are essential.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff
with legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press
activities. Interns will: answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to
constituent mail; lead tours of the US Capitol building; attend hearings
and briefings; and assist with legislative research.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
matt.leasure@mail.house.gov. Candidates with Oregon ties are
strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-284-14

The office of Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks full and part-time
interns for her Washington, D.C. office. Interns will work in a fastpaced congressional office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge
of the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting
constituents and handling constituent phone calls, assisting staff with
administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with constituent
correspondence. Washington, D.C. interns will have the opportunity to
lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and briefings
for the legislative staff. The ideal candidates will possess exceptional
Page 4 of 17

written and oral communication skills, a high degree of
professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public service.
Washington state ties are a plus, but are not required. Interested
applicants should email a current resume and cover letter to
Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov.
MEM-283-14

Congressman John Lewis, Representative for the 5th District of
Georgia, seeks fall interns for his Washington, D.C., office. Interns
will work in a fast-paced setting and gain valuable experience and
knowledge of the United States Congress. Responsibilities include
greeting constituents and visitors, handling phone calls, supporting staff
with administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, aiding
communications staff, and assisting with special projects and
assignments. Preference will be given to those with Georgia
connections and those available full-time.
If you would like to receive more information or apply to our internship
program, please complete the application at
http://johnlewis.house.gov/. For immediate consideration, please send
the application, resume, and writing sample to
William.Feeney@mail.house.gov.

MEM-282-14

Congressman Tim Walz (D-MN) seeks interns for the Fall 2014
semester. Applicants should be highly-motivated, well-organized, and
eager to assist with legislative and administrative needs of the staff.
Such duties include but are not limited to attending briefings,
answering the phones, drafting and responding to constituent letters,
assisting in research, giving tours of the capitol, and various other
administrative tasks. Applicants should possess an interest in the
legislative process, as well as strong written and verbal
communications skills. Minnesota ties a plus. Veterans and active
military encourage to apply. Applications accepted for both full-time
and part-time positions (min. 16 hours per week). This is an unpaid
position. To be considered, please send a resume and cover letter by
August 22nd to denise.fleming@mail.house.gov with “Fall
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-279-14

The office of Congressman Keith Ellison seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for August through December 2014.Main responsibilities
include answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and attending
meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities to attend
receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be selfmotivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good
understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Minnesota ties strongly preferred. If
Page 5 of 17

interested, please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
zach.freed@mail.house.gov
MEM-278-14

Congresswoman Terri Sewell (D-AL) is now accepting applications for
highly motivated interns to join her Washington, DC for a full time,
unpaid internship in the Fall of 2014. Interns will work in a fast-paced
Congressional office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of
the United States Congress. Candidates should be proactive,
professional, dependable, and have an interest in the legislative process.
Excellent oral and written communication skills, the ability to multitask, and attention to detail are critical for this position. Internships are
open to all majors and designed for undergraduate students and recent
graduates with an interest in public service. Applicants must have a 3.0
GPA or higher, be enrolled in or have graduated from college, and be
18 years of age or older. Starting and ending dates are flexible,
depending on academic calendar, with a preferred start date of
September 2nd. Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
assisting Congressional Staff, preforming research, answering
telephones, processing mail, data entry, and general office
duties. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend special events,
such as committee meetings and seminars. Candidates with Alabama
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover
letter, a short writing sample, and a transcript (unofficial is okay) to
sewell.interns@mail.house.gov by August 20th, 2014. No calls or
walk-ins please.

MEM-277-14

The office of Congresswoman Susan Davis (CA-53) is accepting
applications for interns in Washington, DC on a full or part-time basis
for the fall semester. Qualified candidates must be highly motivated,
well-organized, detail-oriented, and possess excellent communication
skills. The ability to work in teams and use good judgment is critical.
Duties will include helping staff with correspondence and research,
greeting guests, answering phones, scheduling tours and assisting with
other front-office duties. Applicants with an interest in Education
Policy are encouraged to apply. Proficiency in Microsoft Office is
required. All interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume,
and writing sample to CA53DCInternApp@mail.house.gov.

MEM-276-14

Long-serving, southern Republican is seeking fall interns. Duties
include, but are not limited to: staffing front office and greeting
visitors, answering phones, coordinating and executing flag and tour
requests, assisting with mail processing, and helping with other projects
as needed. Strong organizational skills and a positive, team-oriented
attitude are required. Interested candidates should send resume and
cover letter to congressionalofficejobs@gmail.com

Page 6 of 17

MEM-275-14

The Office of Congresswoman Jackie Speier (CA-14) is seeking
interns fall semester for the DC office. Qualified candidates will be
able to multi-task and thrive in a fast-paced work environment, while
providing high-quality “customer service” to our constituents.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, handling
constituent correspondence, answering phones, booking and leading
constituent tours, attending hearings and briefings, and assisting
legislative staff where needed. Students and recent graduates with ties
to California’s 14th district are strongly preferred; general California
ties are a must. Interested candidates should send their resume, cover
letter, and two writing samples to speier.internships@mail.house.gov
no later than August 15. Interns will begin August 25 or September 2
depending on their availability, and end in mid-December. Qualified
candidates will be contacted for interview. No phone calls, please.

MEM-274-14

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Tim Bishop is currently
seeking interns available to begin August and September 2014. Interns
should be comfortable answering office phones, greeting office visitors,
giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, assisting the legislative staff with
research, sorting mail, taking notes at hearings and briefings, and
assisting with general office work. Strong writing and interpersonal
skills are necessary. Applicants should be hard working, intelligent, and
enthusiastic with an interest in politics, history and government. Long
Island or New York ties are a plus, but not required. Those interested
should send a resume to ny01.internapplications@gmail.com.
Qualified applicants will be sent an application packet. College
students and recent graduates encouraged to apply. Please note this is
an unpaid position. The office of Congressman Tim Bishop is happy to
work with colleges and universities for credit.

MEM-271-14

A Democratic California Congressman is seeking highly motivated
interns to join his Washington, DC office for a part or full time unpaid
internship for the autumn term (September-December). Candidates
should be organized, professional, quick learners, and team players.
Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are important. Main responsibilities include but are not limited to
assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and
meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US
Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and
managing tour and flag requests. Candidates with California ties and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter to
Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-270-14

The Washington, DC office of Rep. Mark Sanford (SC-01) seeks
Page 7 of 17

applicants for unpaid fulltime internships for the fall semester to begin
immediately. Applicants should be able to competently handle
telephone calls, be well-organized, have an eye for detail, possess
strong writing skills, be generally knowledgeable of legislative and
related issues, and be able to complete tasks as directed. Main duties
include answering telephones, logging constituent calls, giving tours of
the Capitol to visitors, opening and sorting mail, and assisting with
other administrative tasks. Interns will have many opportunities to take
on additional responsibilities within the office, at the discretion of staff.
Anyone interested should send a resume to Martha@mail.house.gov.
MEM-269-14

Congresswoman Chellie Pingree (ME-01) is currently seeking full- or
part-time interns for the 2014 fall semester in her Washington, DC
office. Interns will assist in the day-to-day operations of a DC
Congressional office by supporting members of staff with constituent
communication, legislative research, and administrative activities. They
will also serve as a tour coordinator and occasionally act as a guide of
the United States Capitol to Maine constituents visiting Washington.
Qualified candidates will possess an interest in the legislative process,
excellent writing and communication skills, strong attention to detail,
and a willingness to learn and take on new tasks. The internship is
unpaid, though interns will be an essential component to the
effectiveness of the office and will be considered an integral member of
the team. Maine ties are preferred, but not necessary.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
evan.johnston@mail.house.gov with the subject line Fall Internship.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. Please no drop bys
or phone calls.

MEM-268-14

Congressman Steve Israel (D-NY) is seeking unpaid interns for his
Washington, DC office for the fall term (August/September December, full or part time). Intern duties include answering the
phone, writing letters, attending legislative briefings, and assisting staff
members with special projects. Attention to detail and strong writing
and grammar skills are required. Candidates from the 3rd
Congressional District of New York are especially encouraged to
apply, although all applications will be considered equally regardless of
state or district ties. Prospective candidates should apply online and
submit a resume and cover letter to repisraelinterns@gmail.com. No
phone calls or drop ins, please.

MEM-267-14

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (D-FL) is seeking highly-motivated,
self-starting, and detail-orientated individuals for his Fall 2014
internship program to begin as early as August 18th. Opportunities
include answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent
Page 8 of 17

correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, attending
Congressional hearings/briefings/seminars, and assisting in
administrative operations. The internship is unpaid. Work may qualify
for academic credit, depending on the requisites of the college or
university.
Please e-mail your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to
Christian Sy at Christian.Sy@mail.house.gov.
MEM-266-14

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter
(NY-25) is seeking a full-time press intern to work with
Congresswoman Slaughter’s communications team. This position is
more advanced than a standard Congressional internship, requiring
strong writing skills while being an avid consumer of political media.
The press intern will work directly with the Press Secretary and Digital
Director to carry out responsibilities including - but not limited to helping create digital content, developing press lists, collecting and
distributing press clips, drafting press releases, and contacting
reporters. Special skills such as photography or video editing a plus.
Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips at 8:00 am and
ends at 4:00 pm.
While the position is unpaid, the office will work with universities and
academic programs to accommodate applicants wishing to earn
academic credit. First-hand experience in the congressional office will
provide a unique opportunity into the functions of a fast-paced press
operation for a senior Democratic member office. It will also offer a
unique insight into legislative and parliamentary procedure, as
Congresswoman Slaughter is Senior Democrat on the Committee on
Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for
all major legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor,
including which amendments can be offered.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one-to-three
page writing sample, and if applicable, a portfolio sample to Jack
Spasiano at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov Please do
not hesitate to contact Jack at 202-225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-265-14

Senior Democratic Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-30) seeks highly
motivated, full and part-time interns for Fall 2014. Interns are
responsible for both administrative and legislative duties. Legislative
support includes preparing materials for hearings, attending hearings
and briefings, reaching out to agencies and congressional offices, and
researching legislation for the Member and Legislative
Staff. Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting
visitors, leading tours and sorting mail.
Page 9 of 17

Candidates should be professional, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, have the ability to multitask, and have a good
sense of humor. Ties to California’s 30th Congressional District are a
plus but not required. Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter
and resume to luke.stone@mail.house.gov with “CA-30 Internship” as
the subject. Please do not hesitate to contact Luke with any questions
by sending him an email or calling (202) 225-5911.
MEM-264-14

Congressman Vern Buchanan (R-FL-16) has full-time and part-time,
unpaid internships available for the fall session (August-December) in
his Washington, DC office. Qualified candidates should possess
excellent organizational and communication skills, should have a
positive attitude, and a strong work ethic. Although internships are
unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students
to receive credit at their respective college or university.
All interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
jillian.gates@mail.house.gov with “2014 Fall Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-263-14

The Office of Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster (NH-02) is seeking
qualified candidates to intern full time and part time in our
Washington, D.C. office starting in August/September 2014.
Candidates with ties to the Northeast—especially New Hampshire—are
especially encouraged to apply.
Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office
administration, legislative research, constituent correspondence, and
other duties as assigned.
Administration will include daily tasks such as welcoming guests,
being aware of the Congresswoman’s and staff schedules, answering
phones, constituent tours, mail administration, and other duties.
Legislative research and constituent correspondence will include being
aware of current and pending legislation, researching legislation for
constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills,
strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work
independently, and a drive to take initiative.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover
letter, resume, writing sample, and references to the ATT of Scott Elias
at NH02.Internship@mail.house.gov or call 202-225-5206. Please
include “Your Last Name-Internship App” in the subject line and
include your availability in your cover letter and/or email.
Page 10 of 17

MEM-262-14

Congressman Brad Schneider (IL-10) is currently seeking an unpaid
intern to start work in August or September in his Washington, D.C.
office. Interns perform a variety of front office responsibilities,
including answering phones, receiving guests, and providing tours of
the Capitol Building. They will also research legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, write
memos, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the
House. Interns should possess strong research, writing, analytical, and
interpersonal skills. Interested candidates should email their resume and
cover letter to internshipsIL10@gmail.com.

MEM-261-14

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (DNY) is offering internship opportunities for students and recent
graduates starting immediately. First-hand experience in
Congresswoman Slaughter’s office will provide interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of
public policy and government affairs. Intern responsibilities include
drafting letters to constituents, attending committee hearings, writing
summary briefs, researching various issues for the legislative staff and
assisting with additional office duties.
Interns will receive unique insight into the legislative process and
parliamentary procedure as a result of her position as the Ranking
Member of the House Rules Committee. The Rules Committee
determines the parameters of debate for all major pieces of legislation
before it can be considered on the House Floor, including which
amendments can be offered.
The internship provides different opportunities with staff to discuss
their experiences on the Hill and future employment strategies.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page
writing sample to Jack Spasiano at
NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to
contact Jack at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-260-14

The Office of Representative Kevin Brady (TX-08) is currently seeking
full-time fall interns for our Washington, D.C. office. Qualified
candidates are well organized, with good oral and written
communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about
the political process and congressional affairs. Duties include but are
not limited to, answering phones, compiling briefing binders, batching
mail, performing legislative research, and attending briefings. Interns
interact heavily with constituents so a positive attitude is a must.
Applicants must be detail oriented with a strong work ethic and an
eagerness to represent the 8th district of Texas. Previous Hill
Page 11 of 17

experience not required. Though start date is flexible, a mid-August
start date is ideal. Interested Candidates should send a resume and
cover letter to: TX08intern@gmail.com
MEM-259-14

Fall Intern – The Office of Congressman David Price (NC-04) is
seeking qualified candidates to intern in our Washington, D.C. office
for the fall semester (September through the end of November.) This
unpaid internship will provide valuable hands-on experience in a
Congressional office and a greater understanding of the legislative
process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: attending
Congressional briefings, conducting research for staffers, responding to
constituent inquiries, operating the phones, sorting the mail, and giving
tours of the Capitol.
The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of
major, who are attending a DC-area college or who are participating in
a semester program in Washington sponsored by a college or
university. NC ties are required. Please fill out the application by
September 1st and follow the submitting instructions at
http://price.house.gov/internships/.

MEM-258-14

Congresswoman Candice S. Miller (R-MI) seeks legislative interns for
the Fall 2014 (September-December) semester. Interns will work in a
fast-paced congressional office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, managing
constituent phone calls, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research,
assist with constituent correspondence, and attend legislative briefings,
congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able
to find information with little assistance, be able to work both
independently as well as part of a team environment, and possess a
strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge
of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to perform
a variety of tasks and administrative functions. Michigan ties are
strongly preferred; however, candidates from outside the state will be
considered. Undergraduate students are strongly encouraged to
apply. This is an unpaid position, but a great opportunity for students
seeking academic credit. To apply, please send cover letter, resume and
writing sample to MI10Internship@gmail.com .

MEM-257-14

The Office of Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks interns for
fall 2014 (Sept-Dec). Internship responsibilities will include: assisting
Page 12 of 17

with research, processing mail, data entry, reception duties, office
errands, and other duties as assigned by Intern Supervisor. Ideal
candidate will have strong social skills, good oral and written
communication abilities, a willingness to learn, basic knowledge of the
political process, and a firm opinion on the best cheesesteak in
Philadelphia. Pennsylvania ties preferred. Please send a resume, cover
letter, and writing sample to Liz Leibowitz at
liz.leibowitz@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-256-14

The Office of Congresswoman Elizabeth H. Esty is seeking qualified
candidates to intern in our Washington, D.C office. Start date:
Immediately through November with flexibility
Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office
administration, legislative research, constituent correspondence, and
other duties as assigned.
Administration will include daily tasks such as welcoming guests,
being aware of the Congressman’s and staff’s schedules, answering
phones, constituent tours, mail administration, and other duties.
Legislative research and constituent correspondence will include being
aware of current and pending legislation, researching legislation for
constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills,
strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work
independently.
Connecticut ties preferred but not required.
Hours will be Monday-Friday 9:00am-6:00pm
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send resume,
cover letter, and writing sample to Nakia.Mulley@mail.house.gov

MEM-255-14

Congresswoman Jaime Herrera Beutler’s office is currently accepting
applications for internships in the Washington D.C. and the
Vancouver offices. This is a great opportunity for college students,
recent graduates, military veterans and others who are interested in an
insider’s view of the legislative process and the daily operations of a
congressional office.
Typical intern responsibilities in the D.C. office include: leading tours
Page 13 of 17

of the U.S. Capitol, fielding calls from constituents, administrative
tasks, attending congressional hearings and briefings, and assisting staff
in a variety of projects including research, writing and editing.
Intern tasks in the Vancouver office include: fielding calls from
constituents, administrative tasks, assisting staff in a variety of projects
and events, sorting and delivering mail, and entering data.
All candidates should possess great oral and written communication
skills, be highly motivated, demonstrate knowledge of computer
applications, maintain a positive attitude and show initiative.
Applicants must be able to make a commitment of at least 10 weeks.
Those with Washington state or Pacific Northwest ties are preferred,
but all may apply. Internships are unpaid; however, if academic credit
can be awarded through your school, the office will be happy to assist
in that process.
To apply, please submit the following materials to
Breanna.Deutsch@mail.house.gov:

Do not hesitate to contact the office if you have any questions
regarding our internship program.
MEM-254-14

Nevada Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-04) is currently seeking an
intern for the Fall of 2014. Applicants must be at least a high school
junior/senior, college student, or recent college graduate wishing to
gain legislative experience for a full-time or part-time semester
internship to begin in August and/or September 2014. We are seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the district
office staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include assisting the
staffers and communications staff, attending congressional outreach
events, answering phones, working with the constituents of NV-04,
doing legislative research and various other tasks.
The internship is unpaid, and will take place in the Congressman’s
District office in Nevada. Interns will gain valuable congressional and
office experience and will have access to many unique opportunities.
Nevada and District 4 ties are preferred, but not necessary. Please send
a resume and cover letter to NV04Internships@gmail.com. Include
your anticipated start and end dates and have “DO Internship” as the
subject of your email. Please no drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff
members.

MEM-252-14

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her
Page 14 of 17

District office for unpaid Constituent Services and Outreach internships
during the Fall 2014 term.
Constituent Service Internship - Constituent Service Interns will
work in the District office to assist Constituent Service Representatives.
Responsibilities include assisting with constituent files, gathering
information from federal agencies, and answering constituent calls.
S/he will monitor congressional inquiries through online databases.
Outreach Internship - The Outreach Intern will work in the District
office supporting the team with a variety of outreach projects and
activities, including event planning, and advocacy communications.
The Outreach Intern also conducts project research using the web and
traditional sources such as booth set up at events. S/he helps develop
several databases and lists of state, local/civic, and federal
organizations and government agencies. S/he must monitor local and
national media through print, online/blog and television news media.
The Outreach Intern also responds to outreach-related initiatives and
assists with general outreach efforts.
Ideal candidates for both positions will be detailed oriented, well
organized, and able to conduct research. Interns should also possess
strong written and verbal communication skills in a professional
setting. Undergraduates and recent graduates of any major with ties to
Maryland are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume,
cover letter stating your availability, and a brief and relevant writing
sample (maximum one page) by August 15th to
internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
MEM-251-14

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her
Washington, D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the
Fall 2014 term. Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative
process and have a desire to learn while being a part of a hardworking
team. Ideal candidates will possess strong writing and verbal
communication skills, a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, the
ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interns will have the opportunity to assist staff with legislative and
scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings, draft memos, sort
and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours. Candidates with Maryland
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume, cover
letter stating your availability, and a brief and relevant writing sample
(maximum one page) by August 15th to
internship.md04@mail.house.gov.

MEM-250-14

The office of Congressman Jon Runyan (NJ-03) seeks full-time unpaid
interns for the Washington D.C. office for fall 2014. The office would
Page 15 of 17

prefer applicants to have an availability from mid-August through
December. Intern responsibilities include answering phones, interacting
with constituents, running errands, and administering tours of the
Capitol. NJ ties are preferred, but not required, and candidates should
lean towards having conservative views. Please email a resume, cover
letter, and writing sample to NJ03Internships@gmail.com.
MEM-249-14

The office of Congressman Keith Ellison seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for August through December 2014.Main responsibilities
include answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and attending
meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities to attend
receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be selfmotivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good
understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Minnesota ties strongly preferred. If
interested, please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
zach.freed@mail.house.gov

MEM-248-14

Congressman John D. Dingell (D-MI) is seeking full-time
Congressional Interns for his Washington, DC office during the fall
2014. This internship position will provide individuals the opportunity
to work in a fast-paced Congressional office while receiving hands-on
political experience. Duties include answering phones, leading U.S.
Capitol tours and assisting staff members with research and special
projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to attend legislative
hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be motivated,
detail orientated and possess strong communication and writing
skills. This is a great opportunity for recent graduates seeking Hill
experience. Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should
submit a resume and cover letter to kevin.rambosk@mail.house.gov

MEM-247-14

Legislative Intern- The Office of Congressman Hakeem Jeffries is
seeking a highly motivated intern to join his Washington, DC office for
a part time unpaid internship this fall. Candidates should possess a
professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the legislative process,
excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, attention to
detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are not
limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office
duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work
experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume,
cover letter, and a short writing sample to
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer. No
calls or walk-ins please.

Page 16 of 17

MEM-246-14

The Office of Rep. Scott Rigell (VA-02) is seeking politically
Conservative unpaid fall interns in their Washington, DC office to
begin mid-August or early September. The Office seeks an outgoing,
enthusiastic person with at least 3 days/week availability who would
like experience working in a Congressional Office. Virginia ties are a
plus. Interested persons should submit brief Cover Letter and Resume
to VA02internships@gmail.com.

MEM-223-14

Congressman Jerry McNerney (CA-09) is currently accepting
applications for Fall semester internship positions in his Washington
D.C. office. This unpaid internship will provide valuable hands-on
experience in a Congressional office and a greater understanding of the
legislative process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol,
conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and
processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a
professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills,
the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the
legislative and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. All majors are encouraged
to apply. Ties to California’s Ninth Congressional District are
preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume
and cover letter to nick.sullivan@mail.house.gov with “CA-09
Internship” in the subject line. Include dates of availability.

Page 17 of 17

