________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 2, 2021

MEM-298-21

Press/Digital Internship (Washington, D.C. Office)
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) is seeking a
paid Press/Digital Intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation for
Fall 2021. Qualified candidates will have a demonstrated interest in press and
digital communications, graphic design and video editing, as well as strong
writing, analytical and creative skills. Michigan ties are a plus.
This position is paid and in-person. The ideal candidate will be available from
August 9 through December and to work from 9 AM – 6 PM when Congress is in
session and from 9 AM – 5 PM when Congress is not in session.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume and 2-3 sample graphics
to Greg.Grzempa@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2021 Press/Digital
Intern” by COB Friday, August 6.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Compiling daily press clips;
•Assisting in managing and updating the media contacts list;
•Drafting daily social media content (Twitter, Facebook and Instagram);
•Designing graphics and video products;
•Writing press releases, statements, media advisories, and e-newsletters;
•Providing research for op-eds and press releases
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong written communication skills;
Page 1 of 21

•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Experience using digital content creation products (i.e. Adobe Creative Suite,
Canva, or equivalent digital products) to create graphics, videos, and other digital
content;
•Experience drafting social media;
•Experience monitoring media;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel and Google Sheets
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation, gender
identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-293-21

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-21) D.C. office seeks interns for the
upcoming Fall 2021 semester.
The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is
committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This
position demands the ability to multi-task, strong organizational skills and must
work cooperatively and courteously with others in a shared space.
Duties include: answering telephones, compiling daily press clips relevant to the
office’s priorities, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
administrative assistance to the D.C. staff. Undergraduate students and recent
college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are
encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF file.
Cover letter should detail reasons for applying to the position as well as
availability. A stipend will be given to accepted applicants. Deadline to apply by
is August 13th, 2021 COB. A minimum of 25 hours per week is required. All
materials must be submitted to Joelle.Lawrence@mail.house.gov

MEM-291-21

Chicago based Democrat Mike Quigley (IL-05) is seeking interns for the fall
semester in his Washington, DC and district offices. Candidates should possess
an interest in the legislative process, excellent writing and communication skills,
and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment.
Individuals with Chicago ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Fall internships
will run from September to December. Qualified candidates are encouraged to
send their resume and cover letter to IL05.Interns@gmail.com. In the body of
your email, please specify if you are applying for a DC or district internship and

Page 2 of 21

your specific availability (ex. M-F, 9AM-5PM). We will accept applications until
Friday, August 6, 2021.
Washington, D.C.
Washington legislative interns will work closely with the Congressman’s
legislative team to conduct research, draft letters, and policy memos.
Responsibilities also include answering phone calls, drafting constituent
correspondence, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol (pending COVID restrictions),
and related administrative work. Interns will have the opportunity to attend
briefings, hearings, and other legislative events. As a result, interns learn about
the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Chicago
In our two District offices (Lakeview and Portage Park), interns are exposed to
the inner workings of a congressional district office and what it takes to support
the over 710,000 constituents we represent. The internship program is primarily
based out of the Portage Park office. Responsibilities include acting as the first
line of support for constituents both over the phone and in person, assisting with
outreach efforts in the community, drafting letters, and conducting district
research. In addition, interns may be assigned to assist with constituent casework
and work on District-based projects of importance.
MEM-289-21

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Natural Resources is currently
seeking a full-time intern for Fall 2021 (September – December).
Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we
seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
eager to learn about the committee process. Interns will conduct legislative
research, prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach,
and aide communications. The position comes with a monthly stipend.
We will consider both remote and in-person candidates. Please state your
preference in your application.
Depending on guidance from the CDC and the Congressional Office of the
Attending Physician, the internship may become fully remote. We will notify
candidates being considered as soon as possible.
To apply, address your application materials to Heather Pacheco
at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Internship
Application – First Name Last Name” by COB August 13, 2021. Please include a
cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and dates of availability.

Page 3 of 21

Applicants will be considered on a rolling basis. Due to the volume of
applications, we will only be reaching out to candidates who are being actively
considered for this position. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
This posting will be removed from the Committee’s website when the position
has been filled.
Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
MEM-288-21

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks
full-time and part time, paid interns for Fall 2021.
Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and
markups and will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition
to press matters. Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the
office including tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing
official documents.
Internship Description/Duties:
This position will be a combination of telework and in-office work as safety and
logistics permit. Interns will be given an opportunity to work on substantive
projects under the direction of Committee Staff while also serving a general
administrative function.
Typical Intern Duties include working closely with staff to complete long-term or
short-term projects, preparing research memos on scientific topics, supporting
staff in the preparation of Committee hearing materials, and participating in
events related to the Committee’s jurisdiction.
Qualification/Skills:
Candidate should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, have a strong appreciation for situational awareness, be
able to multitask, and be adaptable to a fast-paced environment. An interest in
topics relevant to the committee’s jurisdiction is preferred.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website
at https://science.house.gov/contact/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-286-21

Congressman Richard Hudson’s (NC-08) D.C. Office is seeking part-time or fulltime interns for the upcoming Fall 2021 Semester.
This internship is based in the Washington, D.C. office and is open to college
students of all majors and designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as

Page 4 of 21

well as recent graduates with an interest in public service. Hours are flexible to
accommodate students’ course schedules, but generally run 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, a passion for public service, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Intern responsibilities include answering phones, answering constituent letters,
attending hearings and briefings, drafting social media campaigns, assisting with
press briefings, conducting research, and administrative work as needed. Interns
will gain an understanding of the legislative process and the many other functions
of a congressional office.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and application, found
on Hudson.House.Gov, to kaitlin@mcniffe@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Fall Intern Application 2020.”
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. North Carolina ties are
appreciated, but not required.
MEM-285-21

The office of Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) is seeking a highly motivated
and detail-oriented paid intern for Fall 2021.
Qualified candidates will have demonstrated interest in researching, learning, and
writing about policy, legislation and the legislative process, strong writing
abilities and analytical skills, and an interest in public service. This position acts
as an all-around helping hand in the congressional office, serving the staff and
constituents, and is essential to ensuring the office operates efficiently. Michigan
ties are a plus.
This position is paid and in-person. The ideal candidate will be available from
September through December and to work from 9 AM – 6 PM when Congress is
in session and from 9 AM – 5 PM when Congress is not in session.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and three professional
references to Sam.Ropa@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2021
Internship” by COB on Monday, August 16.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Oversee the office reception area, greeting constituents and guests in a
professional manner;
•Answer incoming telephone calls;
•Assist the Staff Assistant in organizing tours of the U.S. Capitol, White House
and other Washington, D.C. landmarks for constituents or stakeholders;
•Assist the Staff Assistant in fulfilling flag requests;
•Assist the legislative staff by researching legislation and policies, attending
Page 5 of 21

briefings and drafting cosponsor recommendations and memos;
•Support the constituent mail program by batching constituent messages in IQ,
researching and drafting constituent mail;
•Assist in managing office supplies for the Washington office;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and procedures;
•Knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Professional telephone manners;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation, gender
identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-284-21

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Fall 2021 in Washington, D.C.
Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings,
answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various
other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required.
Internships with the office are paid and receive metro benefits. No phone calls,
follow ups or drop ins, please. Please email FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov,
with your resume, cover letter & a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF.

MEM-283-21

TITLE: Congressional Intern
REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•excellent oral and written communication skills;
•high level of attention to detail
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
Page 6 of 21

•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Fall 2021 in
Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with
various duties.
Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones, conducting Capitol
tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and performing legislative
research and analysis. We are looking for responsible individuals that are
dependable, organized, and willing to learn. Internships are open to
undergraduate students and college graduates. Washington state ties are
encouraged but not required.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to: jack.pickett@mail.house.gov
MEM-282-21

Congresswoman Grace Meng’s (NY-06) D.C. Office is seeking interns for the
upcoming Fall 2021 Semester.
This internship is based in the Washington, DC office and is open to college
students. Hours are flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session. Due to the ongoing impact of COVID-19, our
office will continue to take precautions, including some remote work.
Interns’ responsibilities will vary. Responsibilities include: checking voicemails,
researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings
and briefings, and answering constituent letters on various issues before the
House. Interns gain an understanding of the legislative process and the many
other functions of a congressional office. If eligible, this internship includes a
monthly stipend.

Page 7 of 21

To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to NY06_Intern_App@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Intern
Application” no later than 4:00p on Tuesday, August 10th, 2021. New York ties
are a plus!
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-281-21

Congresswoman Grace Meng’s (NY-06) D.C. Office seeks a Communications
Intern for the upcoming Fall 2021 Semester.
Qualified candidates will have strong written and social media skills, graphic
design and video editing experience. One to two years experience (including
internships) in a press or digital media role is preferred.
Responsibilities include:
•Drafting social media campaigns
•Designing social media graphics
•Clipping and editing videos
•Assisting with press releases and other written materials
•Developing creative communications ideas
•Monitoring and compiling reports on press and social media
•Administrative work as needed, including answering phone calls
This internship is based in the Washington, DC office and is open to college
students. Hours are flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session. Due to the ongoing impact of COVID-19, our
office will continue to take precautions, including some remote work.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to NY06_Intern_App@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Communications
Intern Application” no later than 4:00p on Tuesday, August 10th, 2021.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-277-21

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester is currently seeking energetic and selfmotivated interns for the DC and Wilmington office for the Fall 2021 term. This
is a paid internship. This is currently a hybrid position that is subjected to change
based on CDC guidelines.

Page 8 of 21

Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, strong writing skills, a passion for public service, and a good
sense of humor. Primarily responsibilities include answering phones, researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and
answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Delaware ties are
preferred, but not required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
Interested candidates must send a resume, a cover letter that describes why you
want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and 2 letters of
recommendation to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov, indicating the office (DC,
Wilmington, or Georgetown) and the term you are applying for in the subject
line.
For example: “DC Spring 2020 Internship.” Candidates from BIPOC,
LGBTQIA+, and/or underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Please note in the cover letter or body of the email if the internship is for
school credit and if you are Pell Grant eligible.
MEM-276-21

The Democratic Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks full or
part-time candidates for an internship from mid-to-late September through
December 2021.
Responsibilities may include watching/attending briefings and hearings for staff,
conducting research projects, preparing materials for Committee hearings and
events, and other tasks as assigned or needed. The ideal candidate will be detailoriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have excellent writing and communications
skills. An interest in environmental, climate change, or science policy is strongly
desired and preferred. Those currently enrolled in relevant undergraduate or
graduate programs are encouraged to apply.
While this internship will start as a virtual opportunity, interns should be
available to work in-person as needed in Washington, DC for a hybrid internship
pursuant to health and safety guidelines.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Fall
Intern” in the subject line by August 6, 2021. Please include your approximate
months of availability in the message, and how many days per week you would
be available.
The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins please. Individuals selected for an
interview will be contacted.
Page 9 of 21

MEM-275-21

The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly
motivated, proactive virtual/in-person press intern to assist on an aggressive
communications team. Applicants must be available to begin in mid-August.
This internship may offer a stipend. Qualified candidates will demonstrate a
strong and positive work ethic, pay attention to detail, be responsive and
punctual, and have solid writing and editing skills.
Preferred applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and are willing to
perform and follow through on a wide variety of tasks. Applicants must have the
ability to work proactively from home and must have a reliable computer,
internet connection, phone connection, and power. The intern will be expected to
be online and fully available from 8:30am-5pm ET Monday through Friday.
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and
Facebook campaigns
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of graphic design software like
Photoshop or Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Drafting small newsletters
*Editing written materials, such as newsletters or press releases
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Please send resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples, and a graphic sample (if
applicable). Send to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com.

MEM-272-21

TITLE: Intern
REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator/Supervisor
Congresswoman Elissa Slotkin seeks highly motivated, organized, and detailoriented undergraduates and recent graduates for her DC office internship
program.
Intern responsibilities will include both policy and administrative support. Interns
may sort and draft constituent correspondence, compile media clips, answer
phones, research legislation, assist legislative staff, or perform other
responsibilities based on the office’s needs and student’s interests.
Interns are expected in the office from 9 am to 6 pm, however hours are flexible
based on a student’s course schedule. A monthly stipend is also available.

Page 10 of 21

To apply for an internship, please apply by going
to https://slotkin.house.gov/internships
Qualified candidates should be organized, detail-oriented, able to multitask, and
possess strong writing skills. Representative Slotkin’s office is an equalopportunity employer and minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are
encouraged to apply. Applications will be accepted through July 31, 2021.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research (Congress.gov, CRS, or Google);
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
MEM-271-21

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform is
seeking energetic and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time
internships.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly
in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative
operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes. Law
students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff. Background: The Oversight and Reform Committee is the

Page 11 of 21

primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with
jurisdiction to investigate any matter at any time.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the
office full time are preferred.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a
cover letter and resume to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Legal
Internship” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the
file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.”
No phone calls or drop-ins please. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-270-21

LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP:
The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (D-NJ) is seeking qualified interns
for our D.C. office for Fall 2021.
Intern duties vary on a daily basis, but are all critical to the function of our office.
Daily tasks include, but are not limited to, answering phones, responding to
constituent requests, compiling research on targeted issues, compiling press clips,
assisting with scheduling requests and helping with staff-led projects.
In addition, interns lead Capitol tours, run errands and complete various
administrative tasks as needed. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend
special events, such as committee hearings, briefings and seminars.
The internship includes a stipend and will run from late August or early
September to mid-December. Interested applicants should email a resume, cover
letter and dates/hours of availability to ashly.estevezperez@mail.house.gov with
“Fall Intern: Last Name, First Name” in the subject line.
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. New Jersey ties are a plus! This office is an
equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds
to apply. Deadline to apply is Friday, August 13.

MEM-269-21

PRESS INTERN:
The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (NJ-01) is seeking a detail-oriented
and creative Press Intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation
based in his Washington, D.C. office this fall. The Press Intern will work with the
Page 12 of 21

communications team to build on the Congressman’s social media footprint and
engage with constituents. The Press Intern must also possess strong writing and
editing skills to assist with media relations tasks.
Responsibilities include drafting social media content, eNewsletters, clipping and
editing videos, taking photos and video at events, draft press releases, compiling
press clips, maintaining press lists and assisting with administrative work,
including answering phone calls.
The internship includes a stipend and will run from late August or early
September to mid-December. Interested applicants should email a resume, cover
letter, one short writing sample, 2-3 sample graphics and/or social media
postings, and dates/hours of availability to elizabeth.leer@mail.house.gov with
“Press Intern: Last Name, First Name” in the subject line.
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. New Jersey ties are a plus! This office is an
equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds
to apply. Deadline to apply is Friday, August 6.
MEM-266-21

The Orange County office of Congresswoman Katie Porter (D-CA-45) is seeking
a current student to serve as a part-time press intern to assist with
communications, social media, and graphic design. Candidates should possess
strong written and verbal communication skills and have an interest in politics
and government.
Daily tasks include producing assets for the Congresswoman’s social media
accounts, such as graphics, GIFs, and short videos; drafting press releases and
newsletters; tracking and compiling mentions of the Congresswoman in the news;
transcribing press interviews; creating and managing press lists; and assisting
with media inquiries and research. Knowledge of programs like Adobe Creative
Suite and Canva a plus, but not required.
Qualified candidates must submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing sample
(1-2 pages) as one attachment to katieporter.press@mail.house.gov with the
subject “[full name] press internship application”. We recommend that applicants
also submit one to two examples of previous digital media or graphic design
products, but this is not required. We are accepting applications on a rolling basis,
but we will prioritize candidates that apply before August 1st.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
The intern will receive a monthly stipend. We will prioritize candidates who are
able to commit 20 hours/week.
Page 13 of 21

MEM-264-21

Congressman John Garamendi (D-CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his team. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and
phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close
attention to detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending virtual hearings and
meetings, answering constituent phone calls, assisting with scheduling, sorting
and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov

MEM-263-21

The office of Congressman Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking candidates for fulltime Fall internships in our Washington, DC and Albany offices.
Interns will work with legislative and casework staff to learn about all operations
of a congressional office. We look for applicants who possess strong oral and
written communication skills and who are passionate about public service, eager
to learn, and detail oriented. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities may include:
- Answering phones
- Writing letters to constituents on a variety of policy topics
- Assisting constituents with matters related to federal agencies
- Researching legislation for the Member and staff
- Collecting daily press clips and drafting social media posts
- Attending hearings and briefings
To apply for an internship in my Washington, D.C. office, please email a cover
letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to Miranda
Miller at Miranda.Miller@mail.house.gov.

Page 14 of 21

To apply for an internship in my Albany office, please email a cover letter,
resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to Nadja Pope
at Nadja.Pope@mail.house.gov
MEM-257-21

DIGITAL INTERN
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a motivated
and reliable student to fill a full-time digital intern position this fall.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation,
graphic design, manual photography, videography, website maintenance,
analytics and performing other press and administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, OBS Studio, as well as
compiling and interpreting social media analytics.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment and willingness to
learn is a must; sense of humor strongly encouraged. This position reports to the
communications director. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov

MEM-256-21

PRESS INTERN
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented student with a passion for
communications to fill a full-time press intern position this fall. The ideal
candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task in a fastpaced environment.
Press intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, compiling press clips,
maintaining press lists, and drafting press releases. This position reports to the
communications director and broader communications team. Candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume to oversightpress@mail.house.gov

MEM-249-21

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking a full or part-time
press intern to assist a fast-paced press team in Washington D.C for Fall 2021.
Intern duties include drafting press releases and advisories, drafting digital
content, sorting press clips, and assisting the press team with a variety of projects
as needed. The ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills and is passionate
about public service. Adobe Premiere skills a plus. Preference will be given to
candidates who have completed their first year of college, who have Pennsylvania
Page 15 of 21

ties, and who are majoring in Communications, Journalism, Public Relations,
English, Government or other related fields.
At the top of your cover letter, please indicate that you are specifically interested
in the press internship. Please be advised that though this is a press-focused
internship, regular intern duties will also be assigned.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date
and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com. Deadline to apply is Friday, August
6, 2021.
MEM-248-21

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking full or part-time
interns to assist her legislative team in Washington D.C. for Fall 2021.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with
availability beginning in September. A preference will be given for those who
can stay at least three months. Intern responsibilities include answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and
assisting experienced staff with projects in diverse issue areas.
Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written
communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a
good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged
to apply.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including policy areas of
interest, desired start date, and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com. Deadline
to apply is Friday, August 6, 2021.

MEM-246-21

The Office of Congressman Bill Huizenga (MI-02) currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Fall of 2021. Qualified applicants should possess
strong communication skills, be interested in learning about the legislative
process, and have a willingness to work in our fast-paced, professional
environment.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional
tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Proficiency in writing is a requirement.
Michigan ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to our
Intern Coordinator, Alec Daman at alec.daman@mail.house.gov

MEM-245-21

2021 Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship

Page 16 of 21

Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez was a faithful and tireless advocate of civic
engagement. Marisol herself was afforded a public service internship that led to a
lifelong commitment to the ideals of enriching and empowering all people in her
community. Through this fellowship, Marisol will continue her legacy of service,
education and a selfless dedication to the betterment of her community.
The Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship is a paid
fellowship program with Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia’s Washington, DC
office. It is a competitive program awarded to outstanding students with a
demonstrated interest in public service or public policy and strong ties to the 29th
Congressional District of Texas.
The fellow will gain office experience while learning about the legislative
process. They will work closely with staff conducting research, drafting letters,
and preparing for hearings. Other responsibilities will include screening
telephone calls, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary. This
position may be in person or remote depending on public health guidance at the
time of the internship.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.
The position is available beginning in September 2021. To apply, send a resume,
cover letter and to catherine.arjet2@mail.house.gov with the subject “Marisol
Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship”. In your cover letter please indicate
expected start and end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is
available for this internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-244-21

Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for the fall of 2021.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the
legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include
attending briefings, answering phones, drafting constituent correspondence
letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks.
Nevada ties are strongly encouraged but not required.

Page 17 of 21

Please send resume, cover letter, and two letters of recommendation
to Vanessa.Schoning@mail.house.gov or apply online at https://titus.house.gov/
MEM-243-21

The Office of Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz is looking for interns
to join our office for the Fall 2021 semester. Internship responsibilities including
legislative, press, and administrative tasks.
Students chosen will perform a variety of duties for our office and will play an
active role in the daily tasks that face a Member of Congress. Interns will have
the opportunity to learn and assist all members of my office, assisting with
legislative, press, and administrative duties.
An internship in our District Office and on Capitol Hill is what one makes of it.
Dedicated interns have the opportunity - provided they are motivated, energetic,
and creative - to learn how legislation becomes law and affects peoples' lives.
We are always looking for hard-working students who are interested in entering
public service or learning how Congress works.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties,
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable, and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
For the Washington, DC Office:
RepDWSresumes@gmail.com
DC offices: Please note in your cover letter if you would like to be considered for
a need-based stipend for expenses such as housing or transportation and provide
Page 18 of 21

the desired amount that would cover such costs. Please note that providing this
information does not guarantee financial compensation.
MEM-241-21

Fiscally and Socially Conservative Midwestern member of the House seeks
motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for internships in
Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Missouri/Midwestern ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Answering and screening
telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors,
leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending
congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the Communications Director
with drafting talking points, creating graphics for social media, tracking media
coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time internship positions are available beginning in August 2021. This is a
paid, full-time, in-person internship position for the Fall. To apply, please send a
resume and cover letter to madelyn.derks@mail.house.gov with the phrase
“Internship Application” in the subject line.

MEM-239-21

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Fall of 2021. Qualified applicants should possess
strong communication skills, be interested in learning about the legislative
process, and have a willingness to work in our fast-paced office.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional
tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability
to intern.OH06@gmail.com

MEM-238-21

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is seeking highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time in person internship for his
Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal
communication skills, the ability to multitask, and a willingness to learn.
Position duties include: attending virtual Congressional hearings and briefings,
managing tour and flag requests, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting
staff with legislative and administrative projects.

Page 19 of 21

Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: Fall 2021 Internship.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-230-21

The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated,
personable and professional legislative intern for the Fall 2021 session.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing
skills, who pay close attention to detail. Maryland ties a plus. A stipend is
available.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability
to employment@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis. Please no calls.

MEM-229-21

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for fall 2021. This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S.
House of Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting
and fast-paced office.
Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and stipends are offered
based on need and ties to Tennessee’s 9th District. Interns will work for 10-16
weeks (August-December). Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.

Page 20 of 21

About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

Page 21 of 21

