________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 9, 2017

MEM-012-16

The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for
Summer 2017 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will
have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting
with phone inquiries and providing support to all Committee staff. Background in
science a plus. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to
bess.larson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-011-17

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for
the Summer 2017 session in the Capitol Hill office. Interns will have the
opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist
in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent
services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
Page 1 of 8

legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First
Congressional District are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should
e-mail their resume and cover letter to jordan1.wilson@mail.house.gov before
February 1, 2017.
MEM-008-17

The office of Congressman Bill Posey [FL-08] is currently seeking highly
motivated and organized applicants for a full-time or part-time unpaid internship
for the 2017 spring internship program to start immediately. The internship is
scheduled to run from January to May, but the months of the internship may vary
depending on the availability or school schedule of the applicant. The internship
program is open to college students and recent graduates who are interested in
learning more about our country’s legislative process and the day-to-day
operations of a congressional office. Candidates should possess interest in the
legislative process, excellent communication skills, and attention to detail.
Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones,
leading tours of the U.S. Capitol and performing various administrative tasks.
Florida ties are preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume
to FloridaConservativeRepublican@gmail.com with "2017 Spring Internship" in
the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-007-17

Congressman Albio Sires (NJ-08) is seeking full or part-time interns to begin
immediately. Duties include: answering phone calls, attending hearings and
briefings for legislative staff, leading Capitol tours, assisting with responses to
constituent correspondence and providing support to staff, as needed. If you are
interested, please email your resume and a cover letter indicating the days and
hours you are available to: judi.wolford@mail.house.gov. Internships are unpaid.
No drop-ins or calls please.

MEM-005-17

The Washington DC office of Congressman Rod Blum (R-IA) is currently
accepting applications for Spring and Summer 2017. Intern responsibilities
include researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending
hearings and briefings, answering phones, and day to day office duties. As a
result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of
a congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 9:00 AM – 6:00
PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to
Alexah.Rogge@mail.house.gov. This internship is unpaid. Ties to Iowa are
preferred, but not required.

MEM-004-17

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time press intern
for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and
detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a preference for those
who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
Page 2 of 8

with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
1-2 page writing sample to Lujan.Tours@mail.house.gov
MEM-003-17

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated,
flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a
preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus,
but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
1-2 page writing sample to Lujan.Tours@mail.house.gov.

MEM-002-17

Southern California member seeks press intern to begin immediately in the
Washington, D.C. office. The role of the press intern is to help support the
Communications Director in day-to-day tasks in the press shop, from special
projects to copy editing to assisting with digital communications. This is an
unpaid internship, but is an excellent opportunity for students seeking academic
credit. Internships are unpaid, however current students may be eligible for
academic credit.
Responsibilities include:
• Research to support office communication and legislative efforts;
• Compile daily clips;
• Draft social media, newsletters and other written communication;
• Manage and update press lists;
• Attend briefings and press events;
• Answer phones and log constituent mail;
• Give Capitol tours and;
• Assist with general office duties.
Requirements and expectations: Ideal candidates must be strong writers, possess
acute attention to detail, have a thorough understanding of all social media and
digital platforms and be able to work quickly and efficiently. Graphic design
skills, relevant course work, and/or experience in media are appreciated.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events, policy subjects
and issues affecting Southern California. Interested candidates should submit
their resume, cover letter and writing sample to
Sarah.Weinstein@mail.house.gov. The subject line should read “January 2017
Page 3 of 8

Press Internship Application.” California ties preferred, but not required. No
phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-001-17

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking a full-time, qualified
and energetic intern for January - April. The intern will work with staff to
prepare materials for committee meetings, conduct research projects for memos,
answer phones, and complete a variety of other administrative tasks.
Ideal candidates have excellent attention to detail, good writing skills, a strong
work ethic, and a strong interest in learning about or a working knowledge of
House floor procedures. Applicants must have a good attitude and be willing to
perform a variety of tasks. Previous hill internship experience is preferred but not
required. Interested candidates should submit a cover letter and resume to
RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov.
Equal opportunity employer. No calls or drop- ins please.

MEM-422-16

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-21) D.C. office seeks interns for the Spring
semester. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and
maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude.
This position demands the ability to multi-task, high efficiency and strong
organizational skills as well as an ability to work cooperatively and courteously
with others. Duties include: answering telephone calls, responding to general
constituent inquiries and requests for tours, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and providing administrative assistance to the DC staff.
Undergraduate students or recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a
plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should
send a resume and cover letter to: olivia.hodge@mail.house.gov.

MEM-417-16

Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern
for her Washington, D.C. office for Winter/Spring (January – May/June ). This
internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fastpaced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties
include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members
with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to
attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be
motivated; detail orientated and possesses strong communication and writing
skills. This is a great opportunity for recent graduates seeking Hill experience.
Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a resume and
cover letter to kevin.dollhopf@mail.house.gov

MEM-416-16

The Washington office of Rep. Mark Sanford (SC-01) seeks internship
candidates for the upcoming spring semester that would be able to start in
January 2017.
Applicants should possess strong writing skills, be well organized, generally
knowledgeable of legislative and related issues, able to complete tasks as
Page 4 of 8

directed, and have an eye for detail. Main duties will include answering
telephones, logging constituent calls, giving tours of the Capitol to visitors,
opening and sorting mail, and assisting with other administrative tasks. However,
interns will have MANY opportunities to take on additional assignments within
the office, at the discretion of staff.
Anyone interested should email a resume to
SC01InternApplicants@mail.house.gov and list their potential start date in the
body of the email. South Carolina ties are preferred, but not required.

MEM-415-16

Congressman Luis V. Gutiérrez (IL-04) is seeking interns available for an
immediate start for the Winter / Spring 2017 semester. Interns will work in a fastpaced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the
legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as
attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Intern responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling constituent
phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff
with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information
with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a
team, and have strong attention to detail. Illinois ties a plus.
Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit to at least three full days per week (9:00AM 5:30PM). Please submit resume and cover letter to
Julissa.Santoy@mail.house.gov ASAP.

MEM-411-16

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking unpaid interns for the Spring
Semester. Intern duties will include assisting with administrative and legislative
tasks, answering phones, processing mail, providing capitol tours, and attending
briefings. Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate
New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and dates
of availability to noor.teebi@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship” in the
subject field.

MEM-410-16

The office of Congressman Raul Ruiz (CA-36) is currently seeking full and parttime unpaid scheduling interns for Fall 2016 to work in the Congressman’s
Washington, DC office. Interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience and
further their understanding of the legislative process. Daily responsibilities will
include, but are not limited to: data entry, maintaining and organizing databases
of meeting/event requests, assisting with Rep. Ruiz’s daily schedule, staffing the
front office, greeting visitors, answering phones, and other administrative duties.
Page 5 of 8

Qualified candidates will be highly organized, prompt, responsible, and ready to
work in a fast paced environment. Strong oral and communication skills are a
must. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. California ties and the
ability to speak Spanish are a plus.
Interested applicants should send their resume and cover letter to
lauren.heasley@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-409-16

The office of Congressman Don Beyer (VA-08) seeks eager, full-time internship
candidates who possess strong writing, research, and communication skills for an
unpaid internship. The ideal candidate is a team player, enjoys working in a fastpaced environment, and is able to multi-task. Interested candidates should submit
their resume and cover letter to Pablo.Sierra@mail.house.gov. Ties to Virginia's
8th Congressional District is a plus, but not required. No phone calls or drop-ins,
please.

MEM-408-16

California Democratic Member is seeking a qualified applicant for a temporary
paid internship in his Capitol Office. Responsibilities include corresponding
with constituents, leading tours of the Capitol, and significant administrative
duties. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, and have an ability to multitask and be flexible in a fastpaced environment. Multilingual applicants, particularly those speaking Spanish,
are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume,
and 2-3 page writing sample to CAJobs@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-407-16

The Office of Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster (NH-02) is seeking qualified
candidates to intern full time and part time in our Washington, D.C. office.
Interns will have a chance to experience first-hand the operations of a U.S.
Congressional office, learn about the legislative process, and gain Capitol Hill
experience.
Responsibilities include administrative tasks such as answering phones,
welcoming guests, and leading constituent tours. In addition, interns will be
required to conduct legislative research, draft constituent correspondence and
vote recommendations, attend briefings and hearings and other projects as
needed.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to the Northeast—especially New
Hampshire—are preferred, but not required.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter,
resume, and brief writing sample to kate.fraiman@mail.house.gov. Please include
“Last Name, First Name - Internship Application” in the subject line and include
your available start and end dates and weekly schedule in the email.
The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Spring 2017 semester in Washington DC. Intern

MEM-403-16

Page 6 of 8

responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to
the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should
send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject
line “Spring 2017 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.
MEM-401-16

Midwest Democrat is seeking interns available for an immediate start for the
spring 2017 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the
United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative
research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will
also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information
with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a
team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working
knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American
Government, fiscal issues, education and reproductive rights. Wisconsin ties a
plus.
Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00
pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to
Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov ASAP.

MEM-399-16

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
seeking interns for the spring semester. Interns are asked to work with staff to
help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on substantive
research and oversight projects in addition to press matters. Furthermore, interns
will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as
answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-398-16

Arizona Republican is seeking interns for his Washington D.C. office for the
Spring Semester. Interns will be exposed to a wide array of the daily activities of
a Congressional office – engaging with constituents, assisting members of the
Page 7 of 8

staff with writing and other projects as needed and giving tours of the Capitol
Building. Additional duties of interns include answering telephones, greeting
visitors and sorting mail.
While this position is unpaid, the benefits of interning on Capitol Hill can’t be
overstated. This position will help you understand the inner workings of Capitol
Hill in a way that’s impossible to get otherwise.
Applicants should have excellent time management and writing abilities, have
strong organizational skills with a keen eye for details, and should be motivated
self-starters who can produce results with minimal supervision. Arizona ties and
previous Hill experience a plus but not required.
Please send a cover letter, one-page resume, and a two- to three-page writing
sample to GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com with “Internship Application” in the
subject line. No phone calls please.

Page 8 of 8

