________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 5, 2018

MEM-043-18

House Armed Services Committee Member seeking defense fellow.
Rep. Marc Veasey is seeking a highly motivated individual to assist with a
legislative portfolio that includes defense, veterans, and intelligence issues.
Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the Member for House Armed
Services Committee hearings, managing developments for the National Defense
Authorization Act, researching and advising the Member and staff on bills and
other issues, and representing the Member in meetings and events.
Texas’s 33rd Congressional District is home to a great amount of the defense
industrial base and has a large population of veterans as well as many of the
largest VA Health Care systems in the country. Applicants should have strong
communication skills and be excellent independent workers with positive
attitudes. Candidates with strong backgrounds in national security issues or prior
military service are preferred. This position is unpaid.
Interested candidates should send their resumes to
Ashley.Hayes@mail.house.gov.

Page 1 of 7

MEM-042-18

The office of Congressman Walter B. Jones (NC-03) is currently seeking
applicants for an internship in either his Washington, D.C. or Greenville, N.C.
office for the Summer 2018 term. Interns in the Washington office help draft
constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, and
function as a key part of the staff. Interns also assist with answering phone calls,
providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the constituent flag request our
office receives. In the state office, interns will interact with constituents, work
with federal agencies, and participate in outreach projects in order to resolve
problems facing the people of Eastern North Carolina, as well as assist the staff
with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or recent
graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fast paced
setting. The ideal candidate possesses strong organizational, communication, and
writing skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a
must. Although the internship is unpaid, you will gain valuable professional
experience and an inside look at the lawmaking process on Capitol Hill.
Academic credit is available for qualifying students. North Carolina and/or
military ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should apply at
www.jones.house.gov by March 15th.

MEM-040-18

The Office of Congressman Ralph Norman (SC-05) is seeking hardworking
interns for the Spring and Summer of 2018. Interns duties will include
conducting legislative research, assisting with front office operations, helping
with constituent relations, and conducting Capitol tours. Interns will have the
opportunity to learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a congressional
office.
Ideal candidates must be detail-oriented, professional, hardworking, creative, and
able to work in a fast-paced environment. Although South Carolina ties are
preferred, they are not required. This internship is unpaid. If you have any
candidates or students that you feel fir this description, please send their resume
to jake.hilkin@mail.house.gov.

MEM-039-18

Congressman John P. Sarbanes, a member of the Health Subcommittee on the
House Energy & Commerce Committee, is seeking a fellow or intern to focus
primarily on health policy. Responsibilities include monitoring and analyzing
legislation, providing research and support in advance of hearings and markups,
meeting with advocates and stakeholders and attending briefings, hearings and
other related meetings and events as well as some administrative tasks. Ideal
candidate would be a graduate student or recent graduate with an advanced
degree in public health, public policy or political science or someone with an
interest in health policy or experience in a health care related field. Preference is
for an individual who can work a minimum of 25-30 hours/week. This is an
Page 2 of 7

unpaid position but offers a unique opportunity to gain a thorough understanding
of how health care policy is developed. To apply, please send a resume and cover
letter to Dvora Lovinger at dvora.lovinger@mail.house.gov.
MEM-036-18

Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking interns to work in his
Washington, DC office for the Summer semester. Intern responsibilities include
greeting guests in the front office, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol
building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have
the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a
positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication
skills. Those interested should send their resume and cover letter to
caleb.baca@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so
there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to
accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties preferred but not required.

MEM-035-18

The office of Representative Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) seeks a full-time intern in
his Washington, DC office starting immediately. Ideal candidates possess strong
written and verbal communication skills, organizational skills, an attention to
detail, and a positive attitude. Main responsibilities include overseeing tour and
flag requests, giving tours, attending briefings, helping with graphic design,
processing mail and letters, assisting with constituent correspondence, and
helping with other office duties. California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
Kathleen.devlin@mail.house.gov.

MEM-034-18

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04) seeks highly
motivated full or part-time interns for Spring 2018, available to start in early
February. Internship will last into May. Successful candidates will demonstrate
that they are organized, detail-oriented, and professional. Strong written and oral
communication skills are essential.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will:
answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the
US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative
research. Internships are unpaid, but arrangements may be made to earn academic
credit. Interns will also participate in professional development activities within
the office.
Please send a resume, cover letter, three professional references and a brief
writing sample to OR04.InternCoordinator@mail.house.gov with the subject
“Spring 2018 Internship”. Applicants with part time schedules should include
what days/times they are available during the week. Candidates with Oregon ties
are strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

Page 3 of 7

MEM-033-18

The Washington D.C. Office of Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán is
seeking enthusiastic and highly motivated interns for Winter and Spring 2018 –
January through May. Ideal candidates will be professional, dependable, and
possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include
assisting staff with front office operations, conducting legislative research,
answering constituent calls and inquiries, conducting U.S. Capitol tours,
attending committee briefings and hearings, and learning about the day-to-day
operations of a congressional office. This position is unpaid. Ties to Southern
California and strong sense of humor preferred, but not required. Please email
resume and cover letter to Ricardo.Pacheco@mail.house.gov.

MEM-030-18

The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for
unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Spring 2018. The internship will
offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative
process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors,
sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading
tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our
internship program begins in January until the end of May. First priority will be
given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter, a
short writing sample (1-2 pages) and work availability with the subject line “D.C
Spring 2018 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus, but
are not required.

MEM-029-18

Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) is seeking applications
for internship positions available in his Washington, D.C. office. Positions are
available starting immediately, and applications will be considered on a rolling
basis. This internship provides a great opportunity to gain experience working in
a Congressional office and get a first-hand look at the legislative process.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, supporting legislative and
communications activities, helping with front office operations, assisting with
constituent relations, and giving tours of the Capitol. Candidates should be selfstarters with excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask effectively
and think critically, attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative and
governmental process.
This internship presents an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. Southern California ties are preferred,
but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color,
national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and
minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should email a
Page 4 of 7

resume and cover letter to CA34.internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship
Application” in the subject line.

MEM-028-18

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for
three summer sessions in the Capitol Hill office. The summer session dates are
May 14- June 15, June 18- July 20, and July 23- August 24. Interns will have the
opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist
in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent
services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First
Congressional District are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should
e-mail their resume and cover letter to katie.mazzola@mail.house.gov before
February 25, 2018. Please specify which summer sessions you are available to
intern.

MEM-026-18

California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the Spring 2018
internship session to begin in March 2018. Interns will conduct legislative
research, compile press clips, assist with front office operations, help with
constituent relations, coordinate and conduct tours, and learn from staff about the
day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be
hardworking, creative, critical thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong
communications and writing skills are crucial. Northern California ties are
preferred, but not required. Please submit a cover letter, brief writing sample,
resume and availability to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-022-18

The Office of Congressman Sarbanes (MD-03) is currently seeking college
students or recent graduates for the Spring 2018 internship program in
Washington, DC. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, drafting
constituent correspondence, assisting the Communications Director with various
projects, attending briefings and writing memos for legislative staff, conducting
research for various legislative projects, and providing administrative support for
the office. Preference will be given to interns with full-time availability.
Ideal candidates must possess a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing
skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for
learning. Ties to Maryland strongly preferred. Interested applicants may send a
resume, cover letter, two short writing samples, and work availability with the
subject line “Spring 2018 Internship” to Lucy Shaw at
Employment@mail.house.gov.

Page 5 of 7

MEM-021-18

Congressman Walker is currently seeking hard-working interns in his
Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2018 semester. Interns will work closely
with Congressman Walker's staff and constituents while learning the procedures
of the United States Congress and about issues affecting North Carolina. Duties
include, but are not limited to, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, sorting
constituent mail, answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, and
assisting staff members. Those interested in political science, government, public
policy, business, and social work are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates
should send a current resume and cover letter to
NC06.Internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-020-18

The Republican staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of
the House of Representatives seeks candidates for law student, graduate student,
and undergraduate student internships for spring 2018 and summer 2018. Interns
will have the opportunity to participate in substantive work on investigations and
legislation, attend hearings and briefings, and participate in an intern education
program. Undergraduate interns will also rotate through assisting in the front
office on a recurring basis.
Spring internships are available immediately and typically run through the middle
of April, although specific dates will be determined a case-by-case basis. Interns
must be available at least three days a week, and preference will be afforded those
available full time.
The strongest candidates will exhibit an excellent work ethic, discretion in
working on confidential matters, and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about
the Committee’s work.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter detailing their
interest in the position to Michael.Watson@mail.house.gov and
Robert.Brooks@mail.house.gov. Graduate students and law students are
encouraged to include an unedited writing sample.

MEM-017-18

Mid-Atlantic member seeks a press intern to begin immediately in the
Washington, D.C. office. The role of the press intern is to help support the
Communications Director in day-to-day tasks in the press shop, from special
projects to copy editing to assisting with digital communications. This is an
unpaid internship, but is an excellent opportunity for students seeking academic
credit.
Responsibilities include:
• Research to support office communication and legislative efforts;
• Compile daily clips;
• Draft social media, newsletters and other written communication;
Page 6 of 7

• Manage and update press lists;
• Attend briefings and press events;
• Answer phones and log constituent mail;
• Give Capitol tours and;
• Assist with general office duties.

Requirements and expectations: Ideal candidates must be strong writers, possess
acute attention to detail, have a thorough understanding of all social media and
digital platforms and be able to work quickly and efficiently. Graphic design
skills, relevant course work, and/or experience in media are appreciated.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events, policy subjects
and issues affecting the Mid-Atlantic region. Interested candidates should submit
their resume, cover letter and writing sample to hannah.cooper@mail.house.gov.
The subject line should read “Spring Press Internship Application.” Maryland ties
preferred, but not required. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-015-18

The Office of Congressman Buchanan is seeking full time interns for spring.
Job Description
Our internship program offers interns a chance to learn and work on the hill and
see how the highest levels of government work. Being the office of a senior
member of the House Ways and Means Committee, interns will have exposure to
healthcare, tax, and trade issues. Interns will assist staff with legislative projects,
attend briefings and hearings, and assist with maintaining data bases. Interns will
also work on a policy proposal under the guidance of staff and will present their
policy proposal at the end of their internship.
Interns will also have the chance to attend briefings independently and on the
behalf of staff. At the end of the internship, interns will have a firm understanding
of how Capitol Hill works, a bespoke policy proposal, and full understanding of
how the legislative process works.
Required Skills
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn
Application instructions
Please email your resume and available start date to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.

Page 7 of 7

