________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 5, 2018

MEM-079-18

The Office of Congressman Anthony G. Brown (D-MD04) seeks legislative
interns with excellent oral and written communication skills for Spring 2018 in
the Washington, D.C. Office. Responsibilities include compiling research on
bills and various issue areas, attending committee hearings and briefings, drafting
correspondence and memos, and completing other projects and duties as assigned
by the legislative team. Applicants must be able to work both in a group setting
and independently. Candidates should have strong organizational skills, a positive
attitude and a willingness to learn. Qualified applicants should submit a cover
letter, resume, and a writing sample to both hannah.cooper@mail.house.gov and
ann.mathew@mail.house.gov with “MD04 Spring Internship” in the subject
line. This will be a Monday/Wednesday internship. Maryland ties preferred, but
not required. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-077-18

The office of Congressman Randy Hultgren [IL-14] is seeking candidates for
full-time internships in his Washington, DC office. Interns will observe the inner
workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the
legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering
phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative projects, and
attending briefings and hearings. While preference is given to applicants from
Page 1 of 10

Illinois, I encourage all candidates with a strong work ethic and positive attitude
to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter (with potential start date) to
IL14interns@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-075-18

U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ) seeks summer interns for his Washington, DC
office. This internship term runs from May through early August. Duties include
sorting and processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending
briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol,
assisting our press team, and drafting constituent correspondence. This internship
is unpaid. Ties to New Jersey are strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the
Ways and Means Committee and as the Ranking Member on the Ways and
Means Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to work in a
veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. We are very open to interns
working in the areas that interest them most and taking on increasing
responsibility as the summer progresses. Interested applicants should send a
resume and cover letter to Christopher Hadad
(Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).
All applications are due by April 1st, 2018. Applicants will be considered on a
rolling basis.

MEM-074-18

Congressman Sean P. Duffy is looking for Summer interns! We are looking for
energetic and driven individuals who are eager to learn. Congressman Duffy
represents Wisconsin’s 7th Congressional District and serves on the House
Financial Services Committee as the Chairman of the House Financial Services
Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance. The internship program is a very
hands-on program where our goal is to make you feel like you are a part of the
team and not just an intern whose sole responsibility is to answer phones. The
main mission of the program is education and placement. Our hope is that after
our interns leave the program they are prepared to step right into a Staff Assistant
or maybe even a Legislative Correspondent position on Capitol Hill. If you are a
student or recent graduate and think you would benefit from this opportunity
please email your resume and cover letter to Wisc.internship@gmail.com. Ties to
Wisconsin are not required but preferred.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•
•

Legislative Research
Writing constituent correspondence
Administrative Duties
Tours of the U.S. Capitol

QUALIFICATIONS:
•

Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Page 2 of 10

•
•

MEM-073-18

Track record of responsibility
Exemplifies great customer service

Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D), is currently hiring spring interns for his
Washington, D.C. office to start immediately. Responsibilities include answering
phones, sorting mail and faxes, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with
constituent correspondence, and providing general office support as
needed. Intern candidates should be current or recent college students, regardless
of major but with an interest in Congress and the legislative process. Full time
availability is preferred, but part-time candidates are encouraged to apply as well.
To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to
LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. Please include any Iowa connections in
the body of the email. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-072-18

The Committee on House Administration Democratic staff is currently seeking a
full-time, unpaid intern for the 2018 Spring Semester. Interns will have various
responsibilities in assisting staff with administrative duties, franking, and
legislative research. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
sorting franking requests, compiling hearing materials, and assisting with front
office duties. Candidates must exhibit strong writing, communication and
organizational skills. Spanish fluency is a plus. Please send a resume and brief
writing sample in PDF format to Sydney.burns@mail.house.gov with “Spring
Congressional Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-071-18

COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY – Democratic Staff
JOB TITLE:
Summer 2018 Intern
SUMMARY:
Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with
legislative, policy and administrative support. The individual is required to
demonstrate exceptional research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Performs legislative and policy research.
• Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups
by:
o Researching background on witnesses and hearing topics.
o Finalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff.
o Delivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
• Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee.
• Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
o Answering Phones
o General office tidiness and maintenance
Page 3 of 10

•

Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and
policy negotiations, discussions and other activities.

QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least a sophomore in college. Coursework and experience in Political
Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related field is
preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written communication
skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines. Must be familiar
with Microsoft Office.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
elise.phillips@mail.house.gov.
MEM-069-18

The DC office of Congressman Buchanan (FL-16) is looking for immediate start
interns.
Overview
Our internship program offers interns a chance to learn and work on the hill and
see how the highest levels of government work. Being the office of a senior
member of the House Ways and Means Committee, interns will have exposure to
healthcare, tax, and trade issues. Interns will assist staff with legislative projects,
attend briefings and hearings, and assist with maintaining data bases. Interns will
also work on a policy proposal under the guidance of staff and will present their
policy proposal at the end of their internship.
Interns will also have the chance to attend briefings independently and on the
behalf of staff. At the end of the internship, interns will have a firm understanding
of how Capitol Hill works, a bespoke policy proposal, and full understanding of
how the legislative process works.
Required Skills
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn
Application instructions
Please email your resume and available start date to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.

MEM-068-18

The office of Congresswoman Terri A. Sewell (D-AL) is seeking a full time
Digital and Press Intern to start in mid-May of 2018. Applications due by
March 9th, 2018.
Internship Description:
• Learn how to write emails and campaign actions that you’ll send to over
100,000 constituents
• Design and curate content for social media and connect with our local and
national audience
Page 4 of 10

•

Work side-by-side with our Press Secretary, learning the ropes of digital
content production and press outreach
• Assist in traditional media outreach to newspapers, television and other
media outlets
• Analyze the results of your work and report on successes and failures
Qualifications:
• Passion for working to address issues of voting rights, health care,
education, and job growth
• Writing experience; ability to communicate message in concise and
compelling manner
• Understanding of what makes online content both shareable and
persuasive, including blogs and social media
• Interest in graphic design/infographic design
• Some experience with photography, and in HTML, Microsoft Word, and
Excel
To Apply:
Please send the documents listed below to Sewell.Press@mail.house.gov
• A current resume
• Cover letter
• Writing samples (select two of three options below):
o A 150-word excerpt from a paper you have submitted recently in
your coursework
o A 500-word memo to legislative staff on an issue area of interest
to you (ex. income inequality, domestic violence prevention,
immigration reform, financial literacy, cybersecurity, education,
energy policy, etc.)
o A 500-word article from a college newspaper or other publication
MEM-067-18

The Personal Office of Congressman Eliot L. Engel, the Ranking Democrat on
the House Foreign Affairs Committee, is searching for prospective students who
wish to intern at our Washington D.C office. Duties include: taking phone calls,
responding to constituent concern, and assisting official staff by attending
briefing and Congressional hearings.
Aside from the varying duties, a prospective intern should be able to
communicate effectively; be an attentive listener; and possess good writing
skills. This is an unpaid internship, but can be counted for course credit. Though
we are open to a variety of academic backgrounds, preferred candidates would be
those majoring in: Political Science, Social Work, Government Affairs, and
History. Most candidates are college students or recent graduates.
As an intern in the Office of Congressman Engel, one is expected to act with the
utmost courtesy and professionalism. We expect our interns to respect the office
and its constituents as the office serves not only at the pleasure of the community,
but also as the public face of Congressman Engel. Working at the District Office
Page 5 of 10

will provide interns with the experience of working in an active, ground-level
operation of a Congressional office. It is a concrete actualization of civics in
action.
If you would like to be considered for a position, please email your resume and
cover letter to Engel.Internship@mail.house.gov. In your application, be sure to
include the semester and/or dates you would be available to intern. NY ties a
plus, but not required.
MEM-066-18

Our Washington, DC office offers internship opportunities to college students
during the fall, spring, and summer semesters. Individual responsibilities will
vary, but all interns will be asked to answer phones, run errands, research
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and
answer constituent letters on various issues. Internship hours are flexible, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session.
Fall internships run from mid-September through mid-December. Spring
Internships run from mid-January through mid-May. Summer internships run
from end of May through mid-August. Please send all resumes
to maximilian.devreeze@mail.house.gov.

MEM-065-18

The office of Representative Jason Lewis (MN-02) is accepting applications for
unpaid full-time interns to work in his District office in Burnsville, Minnesota
during the summer of 2018. In the District office, interns may be asked to carry
out a variety of duties including answering phones, writing letters, and assisting
with constituent intake. In addition, interns may be assigned to assist with
constituent casework or help with district-based projects.
Strong candidates will be motivated, meticulous, and eager to learn. Interested
candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
Angela.Sedlacek@mail.house.gov.

MEM-063-18

The Majority House Budget Committee is hiring an intern starting immediately.
As an intern with the House Budget Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting Committee staff in assignments that include compiling the daily Budget
News Clips, sorting and processing mail, answering the phones, assembling
reference material, administrative support, and special projects. Much of the work
you will do is actual work performed on a daily basis by other members of the
Committee staff.
Full and part-time positions are available. Paid internships are available to
anyone who is not receiving course credits through a university.

Page 6 of 10

Please submit the application found at https://budget.house.gov/about/internships,
your resume, cover letter and one page writing sample as one PDF package to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov.

MEM-062-18

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergrad and recent graduates to interns for our Summer 2018
program (May/June through August/September).
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well
as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidate is an organized and committed student or recent graduate
who is eager to join a fast-paced environment and build upon their knowledge of
how Congress works—in particular, the role that congressional committees play
in the federal legislative process. Superior writing and communication skills,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is
preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov, with
“Summer 2018 Democratic Staff Internship” in the subject line.
*In your cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling
purposes.*

MEM-061-18

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking
conservative, highly motivated, and organized applicants for a full or part-time
unpaid internship beginning in May and ending in August, with flexible start and
end dates.
Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not
required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or
Page 7 of 10

school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover
letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2018 Summer Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
MEM-058-18

The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff is
seeking a motivated and reliable digital intern to fill a spring position. This is an
excellent opportunity to those who are interested in digital design, social media,
technology, and the congressional process. Intern responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, content creation, website frontend and backend, analytics,
photography, videography, and performing other press and administrative tasks
as necessary. Successful candidates will possess skills in Adobe programs
(Photoshop, Illustrator, LightRoom, Premier Pro, Audition, and After Effects),
CMS, CSS, HTML, manual photography, analytics, and an ability to work in a
fast-paced, rapid response environment. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. To apply, please fill out all the fields in the following form
with “Digital Internship” as the internship type: https://democratsoversight.house.gov/about/internships-and-fellowships.

MEM-057-18

The Republican staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of
the House of Representatives seeks candidates for law student, graduate student,
and undergraduate student internships for spring 2018 and summer 2018. Interns
will have the opportunity to participate in substantive work on investigations and
legislation, attend hearings and briefings, and participate in an intern education
program. Undergraduate interns will also rotate through assisting in the front
office on a recurring basis.
Spring internships are available immediately and typically run through the middle
of April, although specific dates will be determined a case-by-case basis. Interns
must be available at least three days a week, and preference will be afforded those
available full time.
The strongest candidates will exhibit an excellent work ethic, discretion in
working on confidential matters, and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about
the Committee’s work.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter detailing their
interest in the position to Michael.Watson@mail.house.gov and
Robert.Brooks@mail.house.gov. Graduate students and law students are
encouraged to include an unedited writing sample.

MEM-054-18

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office this spring/summer. Candidates should be
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
Page 8 of 10

include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-052-18

The Republican office of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee is currently
accepting applications for full-time internships. Working closely with
Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge
of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional
committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced, front office answering
phones and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting staff with
hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research
projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates must have a
genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic, team player
attitude. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred. Please note the
internships are unpaid positions. Please send cover letter and resume to:
var.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-050-18

New Jersey Democrat seeking interns for the spring semester - Qualified
candidates will be organized, motivated self-starters, with strong communication
and writing skills. Day-to-day duties include assisting with front office
operations which includes greeting visitors, opening and sorting mail, answering
phones, and conducting Capitol tours. Interns will also attend hearings and
briefings and conduct research for staff. This internship is unpaid. Please send
cover letter, resume, and a one page writing sample
to: nj08jobs@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-049-18

Texas Republican Representative’s D.C. office is currently accepting internship
applications for this Spring. We are looking for highly qualified candidates that
are motivated, detail-oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have
excellent research and writing abilities, an interest in government and politics,
and be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. These are unpaid
positions, but interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol
Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest.
Responsibilities include answering phones, assisting with constituent
Page 9 of 10

correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on
various projects. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
Kristin Repass at Kristin.Repass@mail.house.gov. Texas ties are preferred, but
not required.
MEM-042-18

The office of Congressman Walter B. Jones (NC-03) is currently seeking
applicants for an internship in either his Washington, D.C. or Greenville, N.C.
office for the Summer 2018 term. Interns in the Washington office help draft
constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, and
function as a key part of the staff. Interns also assist with answering phone calls,
providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the constituent flag request our
office receives. In the state office, interns will interact with constituents, work
with federal agencies, and participate in outreach projects in order to resolve
problems facing the people of Eastern North Carolina, as well as assist the staff
with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or recent
graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fast paced
setting. The ideal candidate possesses strong organizational, communication, and
writing skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a
must. Although the internship is unpaid, you will gain valuable professional
experience and an inside look at the lawmaking process on Capitol Hill.
Academic credit is available for qualifying students. North Carolina and/or
military ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should apply at
www.jones.house.gov by March 15th.

Page 10 of 10

