________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 14, 2022

MEM-147-22

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking full or part-time
interns to assist her legislative and press teams in Washington, D.C. for Summer
2022.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with
availability beginning in January. Intern responsibilities include answering
constituent phone calls, compiling press clips, and assisting staff with projects in
a wide array of issue areas.
Candidates should possess strong oral and written communication skills, an
ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor.
Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including policy areas of
interest, desired start date, and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis; deadline to apply is Monday,
April 4, 2022.

MEM-145-22

District Office – Summer Internships
The Lacey Office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently
accepting applications for a paid summer internship (June-August).
Interns will be asked to answer phones, assist the constituent services team,
attend virtual events, research projects, and aid our press team, Congresswoman,
Page 1 of 28

and district staff. As a result, interns learn about constituent services and
engagement and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, strong attention
to detail, customer service skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. South Puget Sound ties are preferred, but not
required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a PDF format
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “District Office Intern-[LAST NAME]” in
the subject line. The deadline for applications is Friday, April 15, 2022.
Applicants are encouraged to submit their application early.
This office is Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin,
sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, military
service, or another non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants are encouraged to apply.
Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-144-22

DC Office – Summer Internships
The office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently accepting
applicants for paid summer internships which will run from June to August.
Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff located in Washington D.C. in
conducting research, drafting memos and constituent mail, answering phones,
attending hearings, inputting casework, attending virtual events, aiding
Congresswoman Strickland’s legislative initiatives.
The office is also looking to hire a press intern to assist the press team.
Responsibilities include compiling clips, drafting social media posts, op-eds,
press releases, digital content, and working with the press team to devise media
strategies and bolster the office’s communication efforts. Experience working in
press, communications, or a related field is a plus.
Ideal candidates for these internships should possess excellent communication
skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF document
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Summer Internship-[LAST NAME]” in
the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship you are
applying for.
Page 2 of 28

The deadline for applications is Friday, April 15, 2022, but applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are incomplete or
submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin,
sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, military
service, or another non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants and individuals in
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no unsolicited
phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-143-22

The Democratic Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks full or
part-time candidates for an internship from mid-May through August or
September 2022.
Responsibilities may include watching/attending briefings and hearings for staff,
conducting research projects, preparing materials for Committee hearings and
events, and other tasks as assigned or needed.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have
excellent writing and communications skills. An interest in environmental,
climate change, or science policy is strongly desired and preferred. Those
currently enrolled in relevant undergraduate or graduate programs are encouraged
to apply.
Pursuant to health and safety guidelines, interns should be available to work inperson in Washington, DC . Please send a resume and cover letter
to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Summer Intern” in the subject line by
March 25, 2022. Please include your approximate months of availability in the
message, and how many days per week you would be available.
The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins please. Individuals selected for an
interview will be contacted.

MEM-142-22

Congresswoman Jackie Speier’s office seeks proactive, flexible, and detailoriented interns to join Team Speier-ited in her Washington, D.C. office for late
Spring and Summer!
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, resourcefulness, as well as a strong
interest in public
service. Open to all majors and designed for undergraduate, recent graduates, and
graduate students with an interest in public service.

Page 3 of 28

*Intern responsibilities include handling constituent phone calls, compiling daily
press clips, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings and briefings for legislative staff, as well as opportunities to
network with coffees/lunches!
*CA-14 district or California ties are preferred, but not required.
*Full-time and in-person interns preferred, and kindly ask that you please be
vaccinated.
*Start and end dates are flexible, but this paid internship would ideally run from
April to June.
To apply: Please fill out our application found
on https://speier.house.gov/internships with cover letter, resume, and writing
sample, and email all materials to Speier.Internships@mail.house.gov. In the
body of the email, please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you
are interested in a full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can
work. Please also state any ties you have to CA-14 District or California. Thank
you in advance for your interest!
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-141-22

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic applicants for legislative internships in the
Washington, DC office for the Summer of 2022.
Qualified applicants should have strong communications skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. Interns will be provided with computers to complete official work.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Scanning voicemails, processing electronic constituent mail, assisting legislative
staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing
preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other
duties as necessary.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample
to Caitlin.Reedy@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter. The deadline to apply is April 8th, 2022.

Page 4 of 28

MEM-138-22

The Office of Congressman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-00) is seeking motivated,
organized, and hardworking individuals for its summer internship program
(beginning in June and ending in August).
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
providing Capitol tours for constituents, drafting constituent correspondence,
sorting incoming mail, attending briefings and hearings, conducting legislative
research, and other tasks as needed.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, willingness to contribute to a team environment, and eagerness to learn
about the political process and congressional affairs. Delaware ties are a plus.
To apply, please send one compiled PDF of your resume, a cover letter that
describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and 2
references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov, indicating the office (DC or
Wilmington) and the term you are applying for in the subject line. For example:
“DC Spring 2020 Internship.” Please note in the cover letter or body of the email
if the internship is for school credit.
Deadline for applications: April 9th at 11:59pm ET. No phone calls, emails, or
drop-ins please.
For more information visit: https://bluntrochester.house.gov/constituentservices/internships/

MEM-137-22

The Washington, D.C. office of Rep. Greg Stanton seeks enthusiastic and
motivated interns for the Summer 2022 semester.
Interns have a crucial part in our Washington office and are tasked to answer
phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and write
constituent letters on issues before the House, and perform other duties as
assigned. This is a paid opportunity that can accommodate a full or part time
position. Those with Arizona ties are strongly preferred.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, letter of interest and 1-2 page
writing sample to DC_Internships.AZ09@mail.house.gov
Applications are due April 8, 2022.

MEM-136-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a motivated
and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time digital intern
position this summer.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess familiarity
Page 5 of 28

with programs such as Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign,
Canva, as well as compiling and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to
work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment and willingness to learn is a
must; sense of humor strongly encouraged. This position reports to the
communications director. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
MEM-135-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented undergraduate or graduate student with a
passion for communications to fill a full-time press intern position this summer.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, voracious consumer of
news, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Press intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, compiling press clips, maintaining
press lists, and drafting press releases. This position reports to the
communications director. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter or writing sample
to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-130-22

Summer 2022 Internship Posting
The Office of Rep. Lori Trahan is currently accepting applications for our
Summer 2022 Internship program! District ties are preferred but not required.
Candidates who demonstrate strong oral and written communication skills, the
ability to multi-task in a fast-paced work environment, and an interest in public
service are encouraged to apply.
Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate students' schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m with the option of full-time and part-time
positions. The position will be hybrid. Summer 2022 Application deadline:
March 27, 2022
General Internship
In Washington, D.C., interns’ responsibilities include answering phones,
researching legislation, attending virtual hearings and briefings, and answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns will also assist in
various administrative tasks as needed. As a result, interns learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Press Internship
In Washington D.C., press interns assist the driven press team. Duties include
developing social media content, drafting press releases, sorting press clips,
creating digital content, and assisting the team with a variety of projects as

Page 6 of 28

needed. Interns will work closely with communications staffers and learn about
the press operation of a congressional office.
Candidates should have a foundation of technical knowledge on social media
platforms. Experience in studying Communications, Journalism, or Public
Relations is a plus. Submission of a sample graphic with application materials is
recommended but not required.
District Office (Located in Lowell, MA)
In the District, intern responsibilities include answering phones, answering
constituent letters on various issues, assisting with resolving constituent
casework, researching daily press clips, and drafting memos as needed. Interns
will gain a comprehensive knowledge of Massachusetts’ 3rd District, as well as
the services the District Office provides.
Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate schedules, but generally run
9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m with the option of full-time and part-time positions.
To Apply:
You may only apply to one office each session. Previous applicants are
encouraged to re-apply. All applications must be submitted through the online
application:
https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/
In addition to the online application, please email your Cover Letter (PDF) &
Resume (PDF) to the following:
D.C. Office-General Internship & District Office Internship: Jacky Alvarado
(Jacqueline.Alvarado@mail.house.gov)
D.C. Office-Press Internship: Yael Sheinfeld (Yael.Sheinfeld@mail.house.gov)
The office is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to
be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, gender identity, religion, sexual orientation, age,
disability, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status under
applicable laws. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds to apply.
MEM-129-22

Illinois Democratic Office has immediate openings for full-time interns and
fellows to support our administrative, legislative, and communication teams in
our Washington Office.
Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending legislative
briefings and hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail,
researching information, and other duties as assigned.
Applicants should be professional, hardworking, reliable and have strong writing
and communication skills. Illinois ties are preferred, but not required.

Page 7 of 28

Internships are paid/unpaid and are available for the Spring/Summer/Fall
semesters. Interested candidates should submit your writing sample and resume
to ResumeIL01@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-128-22

Congresswoman Barragán’s office is hiring interns for Summer 2022!
We are hiring a new cohort of interns to work this Summer.
The positions include:
•San Pedro | District Office Interns
•D.C. Office Interns
Core responsibilities include assisting in performing research, processing mail,
data entry, reception duties, and other office errands. In addition, interns may take
on legislative and press duties as assigned.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and dates of availability
to CA44.internships@mail.house.gov. Email subject line should specify whether
it is for the District Office (San Pedro) or the D.C. Office and the session (Fall,
Winter, Spring, or Summer). IE: “D.C. Office- Summer 2022.” Applications for
all offices are due April 1st at 11:59 pm PST.
Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. All are welcome and encouraged
to apply. CA/ Los Angeles area ties are a plus
More information can be found at: www.Barragan.house.gov/internships

MEM-126-22

The House Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis Majority Staff seeks
motivated and reliable student(s) to fill digital/press summer intern positions. A
political science, public health, or economics background is a bonus, but not
required.
Selected candidates will be responsible for both press and digital duties. Digital
and press responsibilities include but are not limited to: developing a social media
calendar and crafting daily social media content, clipping videos, designing
graphics, manual photography, editing short videos, monitoring social media,
compiling press clips, compiling media lists, conducting press research, drafting
press materials like statements, releases, and op-eds, and performing other press
and administrative tasks as necessary – particularly on hearing days.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with – or be able to be trained
quickly on – programs such as Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe
InDesign, Canva, OBS Studio, Microsoft Suite and Teams, and Cision, as well as
compiling and interpreting social media analytics. Interns will need attention to
detail, strong writing skills, creativity, and a willingness to learn and incorporate
feedback.
Page 8 of 28

Interns will report to the press secretary and digital director. Candidates with
diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Flexible
telework arrangements may be available.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter that specifies start and end dates for
employment, and portfolio in one PDF document by April 1
to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Communications Intern –
NAME”.
Portfolios can include up to 4 examples of candidates’ past work and include
short writing samples, links to short videos, digital graphics, social media posts,
flyers, etc.
MEM-125-22

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking
college students or recent graduates interested in gaining Congressional
experience in a fast-paced office for a full- or part-time internship during
Summer 2022. Start and end dates are flexible.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the
legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties.
Responsibilities Include:
*Answering phones and logging constituent correspondence into Fireside
*Attending briefings on behalf of staff
*Providing Capitol tours
*Drafting constituent correspondence letters
*Performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks.
Florida ties are a plus but not required. Ideal candidates will possess strong
written and oral communication skills, an interest in public service, and a
commitment to serving the people of Florida’s 13th Congressional district.
To apply for an internship with Congressman Crist, please send resume, cover
letter, one writing sample and availability to FL13Internships@mail.house.gov. A
stipend will be provided to accepted applicants.
Deadline to apply is Monday April 4th, 2022.

MEM-124-22

Press/Digital Internship (Washington, D.C. Office)
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) is seeking a
paid press/digital intern to join a fast-paced communications team for Summer
2022. Qualified candidates will have a demonstrated interest in press and digital
communications as well as strong written, organizational and time management

Page 9 of 28

skills. This individual should enjoy taking initiative, solving problems and
thinking creatively. Michigan ties are a plus.
This position is paid. The ideal candidate will be available from June through
August 2022 to work from 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. when Congress is in session and from
9 a.m. – 5 p.m. when Congress is not in session.
Interested applicants should send a brief cover letter, resume and at least two
sample social media posts with graphics to Alexandra.Ham@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “Summer 2022 Press/Digital Intern” by COB Friday, March 18.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Compile daily press clips
•Draft social media content for Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
•Create graphics and videos for social media
•Monitor and update the media contacts list
•Conduct research for op-eds, social content and press releases
•Assist the communications team
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong written communication skills;
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Experience using Adobe Creative Suite, Canva, or equivalent digital products to
create graphics, videos, and other digital content;
•Experience drafting social media;
•Experience monitoring media;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel and Google Sheets
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation, gender
identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-123-22

The Washington D.C. Office of the Representative Joseph Morelle is currently
accepting applications for a paid internship for Summer 2022.
Interns will be asked to research legislation, attend virtual hearings and briefings,
and draft memoranda to the Congressman and legislative staff. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.

Page 10 of 28

Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention
to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of
humor. New York State ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, dates of availability for the Summer 2022 semester in a PDF format
to Marissa.Kaiser@mail.house.gov with “NY-25 Summer 2022 Internship” in the
subject line.
This internship will be a hybrid of remote and in-person work, therefore,
applicants must be D.C. based. The deadline for this internship is Monday, March
28 at 5:00pm, but students are encouraged to submit their application early.
MEM-122-22

Congressional Internship (Washington, D.C. Office)
The office of Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) is seeking a highly motivated
and detail-oriented paid intern for Summer 2022. Qualified candidates will have
demonstrated interest in researching, learning, and writing about policy,
legislation and the legislative process; strong writing and analytical skills; and an
interest in public service.
This position acts as an all-around helping hand in the congressional office,
serving staff and constituents, and is essential to ensuring the office operates
efficiently. Michigan ties are a plus.
This position is paid. The ideal candidate will be available from June through
August and can work from 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. ET when Congress is in session and
from 9 a.m. – 5 p.m. ET when Congress is not in session.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume
to Alexandra.Ham@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Summer 2022
Internship” by COB on Friday, March 18.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation, gender
identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.

MEM-121-22

The office of Congresswoman Ann Kirkpatrick is currently accepting internship
applications for the Summer of 2022 in our DC and Tucson offices.

Page 11 of 28

Duties include: Greeting visitors, running errands, opening and sorting mail,
leading tours of the Capitol (if tours resume), researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House.
Interns will also have the opportunity to assist in various constituent casework
cases or work on District-based projects of importance.
Arizona ties are preferred but not required. Women, people of color, and
LGBTQ+ persons are encouraged to apply.
This is a paid internship. All interested applicants should complete a form via the
following link: Kirkpatrick.house.gov/services/internships/ and submit a one page
resume (required) and one page cover letter (optional) by April 1, 2021.
Visit kirkpatrick.house.gov for more information, or
email Lezah.Richardson@mail.house.gov.
MEM-120-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is
seeking full-time and part-time paid interns for the Summer 2022 term. This is a
hybrid opportunity and interns will be expected to work both remotely and inperson.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings/hearings, performing
legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects.
Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent communication
skills, a strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public service and
progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by an outside
organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample,
three references, and availability to Diego.Sanchez@mail.house.gov with the
subject “First Name.Last Name Internship Application.” Applications will be
accepted until Sunday, April 3rd. Incomplete or late applications will not be
accepted.

Page 12 of 28

MEM-119-22

Congressman Jerry Nadler (NY-10) is seeking paid undergraduate student
interns for the Summer 2022 semester in his Washington, DC office.
Applicants should be interested in learning the daily, detailed operations of a
congressional office: responding to constituent problems and concerns, writing
letters, drafting policy memos, legislative research, and performing general office
tasks. Excellent communication skills are important.
Interns must be able to commit to at least 25 hours per week and should have
completed their first year of college. This internship will run from May 2022August 2022.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample
to NY10.Internship@mail.house.gov by March 25, 2022. In your cover letter,
please note your availability on each day of the week, your legislative interests,
and why you would like to work for Congressman Nadler.
Congressman Nadler’s office strives to ensure that our internship class reflects
the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Congressman Nadler’s office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender
identity), disability, age, or national origin.

MEM-117-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz
(FL-23) is looking for Interns to join our office for the summer.
Students chosen will perform a variety of duties for our office and will play an
active role in the daily tasks required to manage a congressional office. Interns
will primarily communicate with constituents and log their concerns (via mail
and phone calls) and support the legislative work of the office. Dedicated interns
have the opportunity – provided they are motivated, energetic, and creative – to
learn how legislation becomes law and affects peoples’ lives.
The summer internship experience is divided into two cohorts, May & June
(Session 1) and July & August (Session 2), although start and end dates are
usually flexible. Preference is given to full-time interns but those seeking a parttime internship are encouraged to apply so long as they can work full shifts (e.g.,
from 9am to 1pm or from 1pm to 5pm). Interns will work on a hybrid schedule,
working from the office on some days and remotely on others.
Qualifications:
•Strong attention to detail
•Excellent oral and written communication skills
Page 13 of 28

•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
•Good organizational skills
•Responsible, dependable, and willing to learn
Duties:
•Sorting constituent mail (using Fireside CRM)
•Answering the office main telephone line and logging phone calls
•Attend virtual briefings and hearings, and take copious notes
•Attend in-person committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars
•Conduct background research for briefing memos
•Compile news clips and biographies
•Support the legislative team with research for their projects
•Draft responses to constituent mail (form letters)
•Track and summarize bills and Member sign-on letters
•Assist with setting up for briefings and events
•Assist communications/press team with social media and outreach projects, and
with editing videos and creating graphics as needed
•Perform other duties as assigned by Intern Coordinator(s) and other staff
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to FL23DCInternResumes@mail.house.gov by March 30th. Cover letter should
indicate desired start and end date for internship.
Please note in your cover letter if you would like to be considered for a needbased stipend to partially cover living and transportation expenses, and include in
your cover letter the desired amount that would cover such costs. Funds are
limited, and we cannot guarantee financial assistance or that we will be able
match your requested level of assistance.
MEM-116-22

The Office of Congressman Mondaire Jones (NY-17) is currently accepting
energetic and self-motivated interns in the Washington D.C. and District offices.
This is an in-person internship. High school students will not be considered. All
interns are paid at $15 per hour.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication and customer
service skills, a strong attention to detail, and a good sense of humor. Primary
responsibilities will include processing digital mail, answering phones, attending
briefings, performing legislative research and analysis, drafting memos, intaking
casework, and other tasks. District ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should complete and submit this
here https://airtable.com/shrN21HGsmepTXf2k
On the application form, please indicate the sessions for which you would like to
be considered. The application requires a resume, cover letter with start/end date

Page 14 of 28

and hourly availability, and a one-page writing sample compiled in a single PDF.
Individuals selected for an interview will be contacted.
No phone calls, follow ups, or drop ins, please. Candidates from BIPOC,
LGBTQ+, working class, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Internships for the Washington D.C. and District offices are available during the
following sessions:
Summer 2022 Session – May/June through August (Deadline March 27th at
11:59 EST)
Fall 2022 Session – Late August/September through December (Deadline June
26th at 11:59 EST)
Apply Here: https://airtable.com/shrN21HGsmepTXf2k
MEM-114-22

Spring/Summer Congressional Internship Opportunity:
Congressman John Garamendi (D-CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his DC team.
Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal
team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative,
administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points,
attending virtual hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls,
assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and
flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-112-22

Congressman Josh Harder (CA-10) seeks an organized and detail-oriented
Scheduling Fellow for his D.C. office.

Page 15 of 28

This person will report to the Operations Director and will be responsible for
managing all aspects of the Member’s Washington, D.C. daily schedule; staffing
the Member; making travel arrangements; organizing and responding to incoming
DC scheduling requests; managing the Member’s time in a productive and timely
manner; and other tasks as assigned. This is a paid, in-person (hours can be
flexible) position and will run from late April through end of November, although
start date can be flexible.
Applicants should have a positive attitude, sense of humor, excellent
organizational skills, strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal
skills, and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.
Applicants must also value and exhibit confidentiality & discretion. Previous
Capitol Hill or scheduling experience is a plus, but not required.
Please submit your resume, cover letter and two references
to Ryan.Feldman@mail.house.gov and include “Scheduling Fellow” in the
subject line by 6pm EST on Thursday, March 17th. Women, LGBTQ+, and/or
other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as
those with California Central Valley ties. No phone calls or drop-bys.
MEM-110-22

The office of Congressman Josh Harder (CA-10) is currently accepting
applications for paid summer internships which will run from the beginning of
May through end of August.
Our hands-on legislative internship program offers highly motivated
undergraduates and recent graduates the opportunity to gain real-world
experience in government and politics. Over the course of their service, interns
will gain a deeper knowledge of the federal government and strengthen their
communications, writing, problem-solving, and time-management skills.
Responsibilities will vary but may include:
• Communicating with constituents through mail, email, and over the phone
• Conducting research to be used for floor speeches, memos, committee hearings,
and other legislative business
• Monitoring press coverage, current events, and House business
• Attending briefings and hearings
• Greeting office visitors and giving tours of the Capitol
• Administrative tasks as assigned
To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Josh Harder, send
your resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF
to Archibald.Fraser@mail.house.gov. The deadline for applying is end of day
Sunday, March 20, 2022. Central Valley ties are preferred, but not required.
Please include the days and times you will be available to intern, your desired
start date, and any requirements your school has in order for you to receive credit
Page 16 of 28

in your cover letter. Please format the subject line of your email “DC Internship First Name Last Name - Summer.”
All individuals are encouraged to apply. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-106-22

Republican Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is seeking paid, in-person
interns in his Washington, DC office for the Summer 2022 term.
Functioning as a key part of the staff, our interns help draft constituent
correspondence, memos, and press releases, research legislation, take phone calls,
and assist with various administrative tasks. We are looking for college students
or recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a
fast-paced setting.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. California ties are preferred, but not required and academic credit is
available for qualifying students.
Interested applicants should email their resume and cover letter
to seth.enderson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-104-22

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Summer 2022.
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
*Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
*Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 16 hours per week during the semester.

Page 17 of 28

How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District. The deadline to submit applications is March 31, 2022 at
11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-096-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for Summer 2022 sessions. This is a hybrid position—hours will be
worked in person and remotely. If the public health situation changes
significantly, the position could transition to in-office full-time.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need and ties to Tennessee’s 9th District. Full-time
availability is preferred.
There are two available start dates for Summer 2022 for approximately 10-16
weeks each, specific start dates are flexible. Please indicate your availability in
your application:
May to July (A)
July to September (B)
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
Page 18 of 28

•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.
MEM-095-22

The Office of Representative Andy Harris (MD-01) is seeking full-time and parttime interns for the summer in the D.C., Kent Island, and Salisbury offices.
Duties will include but are not limited to answering constituent calls, assisting in
sorting and distributing mail, performing research and assisting the legislative
team, attending briefings, and administrative work as needed.
Candidates should be interested in public policy and be detail-oriented,
motivated, organized, and willing to learn. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. Maryland ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, please visit https://harris.house.gov/services/internships/form and
complete the application. No phone calls please.

MEM-094-22

The office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is accepting
applications for a summer press intern in our Washington, D.C. office.
This internship will run from late May through early August.
We offer needs-based stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our
internship program has returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have experience in a
faced-paced, deadline-oriented work environment.
Applicants must be independent problem-solvers, have strong writing skills, and
be comfortable communicating to both internal and external audiences. Technical
experience with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign, Illustrator), photo editing
programs (Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software (Premiere,
Headliner) a major plus.
Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips,
helping draft copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital content.
Press interns will have the opportunity to staff the congresswoman to capture
Page 19 of 28

videos and photos of events. We offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up
close and from the inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience are a
plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and
why you’re interested in interning in our office, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one
example of digital work (video, graphic or photo)
to PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-093-22

The office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is accepting
applications for summer legislative interns in our West Chester, Reading, and
Washington, D.C. offices. This internship will run from late May through early
August.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer needs-based
stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our internship program has
returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a
passion for community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing
to spend a lot of time on the phone, and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting
memos for our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or
meetings. We offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the
inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06
are also a plus.
Please submit applications through the “Legislative Internship” form our
website, Houlahan.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-092-22

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Matt Rosendale (MT-At Large) is
currently seeking applicants for the full-time, paid intern position in the Summer
of 2022.
Page 20 of 28

Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services
(such as answering phones and letters on a variety of issues), and legislative
research, in addition to providing daily administrative and operational assistance.
Interns are also encouraged to attend hearings, briefings, lectures, and seminars
available in Congress and around the Hill.
Ideal candidates are conservative college students or recent college graduates
with strong communication and organizational skills. Students and recent
graduates interested in learning more about our country’s legislative process are
encouraged to apply. Montana ties are preferred but by no means required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Alexandra
Schindewolf at alexandra.schindewolf@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Summer 2022 Internship.” Please send all attachments as PDFs.
This internship will run for up to four months between May and August, with the
specific start and end dates varying per individual applicant.
MEM-090-22

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a Legal
Intern to assist with research and analysis for committee staff on oversight and
investigations.
Applicants must either be currently enrolled in an accredited JD program or have
received a JD from an accredited program. Responsibilities include assisting with
oversight hearings, investigative reports and executing a complementary
legislative and oversight strategy with positive results. Must be able to write
quickly and clearly, be flexible in adjusting to changing circumstances and
legislative priorities, and be self-starters capable of taking responsibility for
complicated, ongoing projects.
To apply, applicants must submit a cover letter, resume, a writing sample (5-10
pages), a current transcript, and 3 references. Please submit all materials
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Legal Intern” in the subject line.
In addition, please state in the body of your email submission: (i) your
approximate start date, (ii) your approximate end date, and (iii) your approximate
weekly hours. This is an unpaid position based in Washington, DC. Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis until March 25, 2022.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

Page 21 of 28

MEM-089-22

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a fulltime Press Intern for paid and unpaid internships.
Duties may include, but are not limited to, media monitoring and research,
writing media advisories and press releases, drafting social media and general
communications office support. Ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills,
works well under pressure, and is a skilled multi-tasker. Interns can receive
academic credit.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis until June 1, 2022 for the
summer and fall semesters. To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three
references, and two writing samples to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Press
Intern” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the requirements will not
be considered.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-088-22

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Communications Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Compiling press lists
•Drafting press releases, social media posts, and other communications materials
•Assisting with video editing and graphic design
•Researching various policy issues
•Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communication skills,
familiarity with graphic design and video editing, and relevant internship
experience related to communications, government, or campaigns. A strong work
ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to assist
wherever needed are must-have qualities.
This position will report to the Press Secretary (based in DC), with additional
supervision from the Communications Director (based in PA-05).
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, a short writing sample, a digital
product sample (such as social media posts, graphics, or videos created by the
candidate), and two references to carina.figliuzzi@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Summer Comms Internship, NAME” Please compile all application
materials into one PDF document

MEM-087-22

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Legislative Internship

Page 22 of 28

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting constituent correspondence
•Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
•Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
•Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Emily.Kastenberg@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Summer
Legislative Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and
compile all application materials into one PDF document.
MEM-085-22

The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly
motivated, proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications
team.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have solid writing and editing
skills. Preferred applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and are willing
to perform and follow through on a wide variety of tasks.
• Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
• Virtual internship
• Start date = Mid-March
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and
Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Photoshop or Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Drafting short newsletters
*Editing written materials, such as newsletters or press releases
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Please send resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples, and a graphic sample (if
applicable). Send to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com.

MEM-083-22

Summer Internship Opening for Rep. Josh Gottheimer (D-NJ)

Page 23 of 28

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Josh Gottheimer (NJ-05) is
seeking motivated, organized, and hardworking individuals for the summer term.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
providing Capitol tours for constituents, drafting constituent correspondence,
sorting incoming mail, attending briefings and hearings, conducting legislative
research, and other tasks as needed.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication,
willingness to contribute to a team environment, and eagerness to learn about the
political process and congressional affairs. New Jersey ties are a plus.
Please send a resume, cover letter, one-page writing sample, and dates of
availability as one PDF with subject line “DC SUMMER INTERNSHIP 2022”
to nj5jobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-076-22

The Office of Congressman Paul Tonko is seeking summer interns in its Albany,
Schenectady, and DC offices.
Interns will learn from staff to serve the constituents of New York’s 20th
Congressional district. Our goal is to invest in the next generation of public
leaders by providing each intern with a meaningful experience that will enhance
their understanding of policy and congressional matters. The 2022 Summer
Internship Program will run from May to August, and flexible start and end dates
will be considered.
Overall intern responsibilities may include:
•Attending hearings, briefings, and meetings and drafting memos on the matter
for legislative staff
•Researching legislation and policy issues
•Offering front-line constituent services; answering phones, drafting written
responses to constituents, assessing mail appropriately, and engaging with
constituents
•Option to assist the Communications Team in drafting press clips, social media
content, and press releases
•Opportunity to take part in congressional outreach
•Participation in hands-on constituent casework
•Any additional opportunities that may arise within the context of a congressional
office
Interns are compensated with a maximum stipend of $2,000 and are able to work
on a full-time or part-time basis. Interns in the Washington, DC office are also
eligible for a monthly transit benefit towards the Metro and Metrobus. The
deadline to apply is Friday, March 25, 2022, and selected applicants will be
contacted for an interview the following week by the respective office. Please
note that a response is not likely beforehand.
Page 24 of 28

To be considered for an internship, please send your resume, cover letter, and
writing sample that speaks to social activism, a passionate policy interest, or a
historic or current political event, to one of the following individuals based on
your office of interest:
•For internships in the Albany District Office, please email your materials to
Connor Giltz at connor.giltz@mail.house.gov.
•For internships in the Schenectady District Office, please email your materials to
Cora Schroeter, MBA at cora.schroeter@mail.house.gov.
•For internships in the Washington, DC office, please email your materials to
Bayley Connors at bayley.connors@mail.house.gov.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to New York and those from
traditionally underrepresented backgrounds to apply. Rep. Tonko’s office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age,
or protected veteran status.
MEM-062-22

The office of Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time paid interns for the summer internship
sessions in our DC office.
Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support. Interns are also encouraged to attend hearings, lectures, and seminars
available in Congress and around the Hill. Congresswoman DeLauro's staff is
willing to provide projects specific to the interests of the intern, whenever
possible.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability or sexual orientation.
How to Apply: The deadline for summer applications is March 31st. If you are
interested, please email a cover letter, resume, a brief writing sample (1-2 pages),
two references, and a completed application (found
at https://tinyurl.com/5fpw48p6 ) to Molly.Opinsky@mail.house.gov.

Page 25 of 28

If you have any additional questions or would like to be mailed an application,
please feel free to contact Molly Opinsky in Congresswoman DeLauro's office at
(202) 225-3661.
Internships are also available in the Third Congressional District Office for
interested students. Please contact Jennifer Lamb in the District Office at (203)
562-3718 for more information.
MEM-059-22

The Office of Congresswoman Angie Craig is currently accepting applicants for
paid hybrid summer internships in the DC and District Offices.
Summer internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be conducted in a hybrid
format in accordance with the current public health guidance. Internships will
begin no earlier than May 16, 2022 and extend no later than August 31, 2022.
All interns are paid $15 per hour and provided with all of the necessary
technology for their work. Schedules are flexible to accommodate course
schedules and academic programs; however, a minimum availability of 20-25
hours per week is highly preferred.
Interns in the Washington, D.C. office will focus on researching legislation,
attending hearings and constituent meetings, answering constituents’ phone calls,
logging and drafting constituent correspondence, and assisting legislative and
communications staff members on various projects.
Interns in the Burnsville office will focus on constituent casework, answering
constituents’ phone calls, community outreach and research, in-district event
planning, and assisting the outreach, casework, and communications staff
members on various projects. All interns will have the opportunity to work with
staff in both offices over the course of the internship.
As a result, interns will learn about the legislative process, learn about all of the
different functions of a congressional office, and gain hands-on professional
experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s Second Congressional
District. The program is tailored to fit interns’ policy interests and career goals.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident
and effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers, and possess strong
writing skills. They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with
the general public.
Application Instructions:
•To apply for an internship based in Rep. Craig’s Washington, D.C. office, please
submit a resume and cover letter in one PDF document,
to craig.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(Last Name) DC
Summer Internship Application.”
Page 26 of 28

•To apply for an internship based in Rep. Craig’s District office in Burnsville,
please submit a resume and cover letter in one PDF document,
to craig.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(Last Name) DO
Summer Internship Application.”
•If you would like your application to be considered for both offices, please use
the subject line “(Last Name) BOTH Summer Internship Application.”
•Please include your earliest start date, latest end date, and weekly availability
between 8am and 5pm CST in your cover letter.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented
backgrounds to apply.
Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status.
For Summer 2022 internships, applications must be submitted no later than
11:59pm on Sunday, April 3, 2022. Late submissions will not be considered nor
accepted. If you have any questions regarding the application process, please
email craig.internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-047-22

The Office of Congressman Pete Aguilar will be offering in-person summer
internships in the DC and District Offices.
Summer internships typically run Monday through Friday, from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. Interns will have the chance to experience a congressional office's fast-paced
atmosphere and gain valuable work experience. This internship is an excellent
opportunity for those interested in public service and the legislative process.
DC Interns will assist with tasks, including answering phones, drafting
constituent correspondence, and assisting with media clips. District Interns may
be assigned to assist in various constituent casework or work on community
outreach and grants related projects. DC Interns will also have the opportunity to
attend policy briefings and assist staff with legislative research.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, professionalism, attention to detail, and the ability to function in a fastpaced environment. Ties to CA-31 and California are strongly preferred.
To apply, please email your resume, cover letter, availability, and office
preference (DC or District) to Aguilar.Internships@mail.house.gov.
The deadline for summer submissions is Friday, April 1st, at 11:59 p.m. PT.
Interviews will be conducted over the following two weeks. The estimated start

Page 27 of 28

date for the internship is June 6th, 2022. If you have any questions regarding the
application process, please email Aguilar.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 28 of 28

