________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 7, 2022

MEM-526-22

Republican Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is seeking paid, in-person
interns for his Washington, DC office for the Spring 2023 term.
Functioning as a key part of the staff, our interns help draft constituent
correspondence, memos, and press releases, research legislation, take phone calls,
and assist with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or
recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fastpaced setting.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. California ties are preferred, but not required and academic credit is
available for qualifying students.
Interested applicants should email their resume, cover letter, and dates of
availability to seth.enderson@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2023 Internship” in
the subject line.

MEM-525-22

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Spring 2023.
Qualified applicants should possess strong communication skills, be interested in
learning about the legislative process, and have a willingness to work in our fastPage 1 of 20

paced office. Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of
the Capitol, attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and
additional tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not
required. This is a paid internship.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability
to intern.OH06@gmail.com.
MEM-524-22

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Spring 2023 session. The internship would begin on
January 19 and last until early May. Our specific dates are tentative on the release
of the official House schedule.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge of the
day-to-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled in
an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an ideal
fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government – however,
any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the legislative
staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping
with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. This will be an in-person
internship. The deadline to apply for the Spring Session is Friday, December 16,
2022.
Interested candidates should apply through our
website https://gregmurphy.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-523-22

Congressional Internship (Washington, D.C. Office)
The Office of Congresswoman Grace F. Napolitano (D-CA) is seeking candidates
for a paid Spring internship in our Washington D.C. office.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communication skills,
eager to learn, detail oriented, and passionate about public service.
Responsibilities include:
- Answering phones
- Writing letters to constituents on a variety of policy topics
- Assisting constituents with matters related to federal agencies
Page 2 of 20

- Researching legislation for the Member and the staff
- Attending hearings and briefings
The ideal candidate will be available from January through April and can work
from 9am – 6pm ET when Congress is in session and from 9am – 5pm ET when
Congress is not in session. District ties and California ties are a plus.
To apply for an internship please email Sam.Schiller@mail.house.gov by
midnight on November 18th, 2022, with a resume and cover letter. Please have
your email subject line read “Spring 2023 Internship Application - (and add your
name)”.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-521-22

The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a driven,
detail-oriented, hardworking, and engaged individual to work with her team.
This internship will be hybrid (partially in-office, partially remote) with most
days being in-office/in-person. The timing of the internship is flexible based on
the candidate’s schedule but could start as early as January 9th and could last up
to 12 weeks. The intern would work with her dynamic team to improve the lives
of 7th district constituents and communities.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Constituent services: assist the front office staff with answering constituent
questions and draft correspondence;
• Legislative research: work with the legislative team to conduct research on issue
areas, write memos, and learn about the legislative process;
• District research: research and compile information for district events and
outreach;
• Communications: collaborate with the Communications team on tasks as needed
such as compiling news clips and tracking social media accounts; and
• Other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES:
• Responsible, reliable, punctual
• Has knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs
• Able to problem solve, think quickly, adapt, and handle sensitive information
HOURS & COMPENSATION: Flexible based on candidate’s schedule – can
either be part time or full time (up to 30 hours per week). This is a PAID
internship; the office will pay an hourly rate for applicants not supported by
outside fellowships.
Page 3 of 20

TO APPLY: Please submit a resume and a 1-page cover letter that answers the
following questions in one PDF:
• What, do you feel, is the biggest problem facing VA-07?
• How do you want to impact the community?
Please include a full-time/part-time preference, the dates you are available, and
any other scheduling constraints (e.g. mornings or afternoons only) in your
application.
Email this information to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Spring 2023 Internship – First Name, Last Name.”
DEADLINE: Applications will be considered on a rolling basis until December
2nd, 2022.
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger is an equal opportunity employer.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against because of race,
religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical disability, sexual
orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender expression) identity, color,
marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or any other classification
protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.
MEM-520-22

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full-time in-person
interns in the Washington D.C. office for the Fall term.
The interns will work mainly with D.C.-based staff, performing legislative and
administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience.
Specific duties include drafting and sorting constituent correspondence, attending
virtual policy briefings, performing legislative research, producing daily press
clips, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong written communication skills,
and are committed to public service. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample
to Clifton.Snorten@mail.house.gov with “Pocan Internship – Spring 2023” in the
subject line by November 15, 2022. Interested applicants should also apply to the
scholarship program at: https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program.

MEM-517-22

The Office of Congresswoman Norma Torres is currently seeking Spring 2023
interns in her DC office.
This internship is an excellent opportunity for those interested in public service
and learning more about the legislative process. Interns will have the opportunity
Page 4 of 20

to be hands-on in the legislative process by assisting with Rep. Torres’
responsibilities on the Rules and Appropriations Committees. Our office seeks to
help interns grow beyond the typical intern responsibilities by incorporating their
passions and goals into their internship. Additionally, specific press internships
are also available to work directly with the Press Secretary to develop and
implement communications and social media strategies.
Intern responsibilities include researching legislation, attending hearings and
briefings, drafting constituent letters, assisting the press and legislative teams
push policy forward, drafting memoranda for the staff, administrative work as
needed.
The Paid Fellowship Program is full-time from 9AM to 6PM when Congress is in
session and 9AM to 5 PM during recess. The Unpaid Internship Program is a
minimum of 10-12 hours per week.
The deadline to apply is Friday, November 25th, 2022. To submit your
application, please visit torres.house.gov/internships with your resume and cover
letter that includes your availability for the internship. Ties to CA-35 and
California along with Spanish skills are preferred but not required.
MEM-515-22

Internship Opportunity: Office of Congressman Chris Pappas NH-01
Serving as an intern on our team is an exciting opportunity to work closely
alongside staff and develop professional skills in a Congressional office setting.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work
cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written
communications skills.
An internship in the Washington, DC office encompasses a variety of tasks and
assignments such as answering phones, greeting visitors, giving tours, writing
letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be assigned to
work with the legislative team and outreach staff to assist with legislation, special
projects, writing, and/or research. As a result, interns learn about the legislative
process and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Apply
To apply for an internship, please submit your resume, cover letter, and one short
writing sample (no longer than two pages)
to Pappas.Internships@mail.house.gov with “[Last Name] Internship Application
– [Season] 2023 ” in the subject line. In your email, please also specify your
specific dates and times of availability. The deadline for Winter/Spring 2023
applications is Sunday, November 13 at 11:59 pm.

Page 5 of 20

Current appropriations law prohibits the use of federally appropriated funds to
pay the compensation of U.S. government employees whose post of duty is in the
continental U.S. unless that person, generally:
1.Is a U.S. citizen;
2.Is a lawful permanent resident and has applied for (or affirms that he or she will
apply for) citizenship within six months of first becoming eligible to apply (and
the person must complete the citizenship process within two years of applying,
but delays attributable to the processing of the application do not count toward
the two-year deadline);
3.Is admitted as a refugee or is granted asylum and has filed a declaration of
intention to become a lawful permanent resident and subsequently a citizen when
he/she is eligible to do so; or
4.Is a person who owes allegiance to the U.S. (e.g., nationals of American Samoa,
the Swains Island, or the Northern Mariana Islands; and nationals who meet other
requirements described in 8 U.S.C. § 1408).
See Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022, Pub. L. No. 117-103, div. E tit. VII,
§ 704 (2022).
MEM-512-22

Congressman Jerry Nadler (NY-10) is seeking paid undergraduate student
interns for the Spring 2023 semester in his Washington, DC office. Applicants
should be interested in learning the daily, detailed operations of a congressional
office: responding to constituent problems and concerns, writing letters, drafting
policy memos, legislative research, and performing general office tasks. Excellent
communication skills are important.
Interns must be able to commit to at least 25 hours per week and should have
completed their first year of college. This internship will run from January 2023 May 2023.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample
to NY10.Internship@mail.house.gov by November 18, 2022. In your cover letter,
please note your availability on each day of the week, your legislative interests,
and why you would like to work for Congressman Nadler.
Congressman Nadler’s office strives to ensure that our internship class reflects
the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds
are strongly encouraged to apply. Congressman Nadler’s office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.

MEM-511-22

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking spring interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.

Page 6 of 20

Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned. Successful
candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working, detailoriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player. Nevada ties
are strongly preferred. Nevada residents will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Spring Intern” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-509-22

Republican Representative Troy Nehls (TX-22) currently seeks full-time interns
in his Washington DC office for Spring 2023. Current college students and recent
graduates are welcome to apply.
Intern responsibilities will include answering and logging constituent phone calls,
drafting correspondence, and assisting staff with legislative research and
administrative duties.
The ideal candidate should be interested in public policy, politics, and
government and is willing to learn more about the legislative process to serve the
constituents of Texas’s 22nd Congressional District. Candidates with strong
writing and communication skills are encouraged to apply and must be ready to
work in a rapid environment. Texas ties and previous congressional experience
are preferred, but not required.
To apply, send your resume and cover letter to anil.joseph@mail.house.gov.

MEM-508-22

The House Committee on the Judiciary’s democratic staff is seeking interns for
the spring of 2023.
This internship program offers undergraduate students, law students, graduate
students, and recent graduates an opportunity to experience the operation of a
congressional committee firsthand and learn about the important role that our
Committee plays in the legislative process. The Judiciary Committee has
jurisdiction over a wide range of legislative and oversight issues, including
oversight of the U.S. Department of Justice, constitutional law, federal criminal
law, voting rights, immigration and naturalization, and antitrust law.
Interns work closely with committee staff, including subcommittee staff and/or
the oversight team, on a range of issues. This internship is based in Washington,
DC with both full-time and part-time options.
Due to the large volume of applicants we receive, only those applicants who are
offered interviews will be contacted by the Committee.
No phone calls or emails please. Thank you.
Page 7 of 20

Intern assignments will vary depending on the work of the Judiciary Committee
each semester. Examples of potential responsibilities include:
•Researching policy issues under the committee’s jurisdiction
•Conducting legal research
•Attending briefings and hearings on the Hill
•Drafting memos
•Supporting committee counsels
•Supporting committee clerks and professional staff members
•Providing administrative support, including answering calls, delivering
correspondence, and setting up the hearing room.
The deadline for spring intern applications is 11:59 PM PDT on November 1st.
Please submit applications here: https://judiciary.house.gov/about/internshipopportunities.htm
MEM-507-22

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the Spring internship session. The
start date would be as early as January 17th (with a flexible start and end date
depending on availability). Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and
have access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to JeffVanDrewNJ@gmail.com. Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re
applying for a Spring internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume],
[Full Name_Cover Letter].

MEM-506-22

The Washington D.C. Office of the Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25, is
now accepting applications for a hybrid paid internship during the Spring
semester, 2023. Applicants must be based in Washington D.C. for the semester.
Interns will be responsible for:
•Attend hearings and briefings
•Answer phones and answer constituent letters
•Research Legislation for the Member and legislative staff
Page 8 of 20

•Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the
Rochester office.
•Other duties delegated by staff and day to day office work to help the
congressional office function.
As a result, interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office,
congressional communications, and the legislative process.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communications skills, a strong
attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good
sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following:
•Resume
•Cover letter
•One-page writing sample
•Dates of availability
Applications should be sent in PDF format
to Declan.Graham@mail.house.gov with “NY-25 Spring 2023 DC Internship” in
the subject line.
The deadline for this internship application is November 13th, 2022, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Interview requests
will be sent out following the November 13th deadline.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship please
visit: https://morelleforms.house.gov/services/internships.htm
MEM-505-22

The Office of Congressman Ted W. Lieu (CA-33) is now accepting applications
for our paid Spring 2023 Internship program in the Washington, D.C. office.
This will be a hybrid internship.
Candidates should be well-organized, responsible, reliable, and possess excellent
oral and written communication skills. In addition, a qualified candidate will be
generally knowledgeable of legislative issues and current events.
Duties will include answering phones, researching legislation, giving Capitol
tours, attending hearings and briefings, and assisting the Member and legislative
staff with various projects. California and/or 33rd District ties are preferred, but
not required.
Interested candidates should send all of the information listed below in an email
to the D.C. intern coordinator at lieu.staff@mail.house.gov with "Spring 2023
Legislative Internship Application" as the subject line.

Page 9 of 20

The deadline for Spring applications is Tuesday, November 1, 2022 at 11:59pm
ET. Please call the Washington office at (202) 225-3976 with any questions or
concerns.
•Cover letter
•Resume
•Brief, 1-2 page writing sample
•Internship term you are applying for (Spring, Summer, or Fall) and your
availability during that time, presented as days and hours during the week in
Eastern Time.
MEM-503-22

Congresswoman Barragán takes pride in offering internship opportunities in
both her San Pedro, California and Washington, DC offices.
Applications for the Winter 2022/Spring 2023 session are now open. Internships
are open to current undergraduate and graduate students, and recent college
graduates.
Intern responsibilities vary day-to-day but typically include:
•Interacting with constituents,
•Conducting legislative research,
•Attending community events,
•Attending committee hearings,
•Preparing memos,
•Drafting correspondence,
•Writing press clips,
•Administrative work as assigned,
•And additional support as needed.
Interns in the Washington, DC office are assigned to a legislative staffer based on
stated area(s) of interest. Please include your areas of policy interest in your cover
letter. Congresswoman Barragán also reserves one intern position in the
Washington, DC office each session for a Press Intern.
The Press Intern works closely with the Congresswoman’s Communications and
Media team to complete tasks such as compiling daily press clips, preparing
background research on media requests, drafting media advisories and press
releases, and other responsibilities as required.
Typical hours for internships in both offices are Monday through Friday from
9:00 am to 5:00 pm, although hours may be flexible to accommodate students’
hectic course schedules. Stipends will be offered to eligible interns.
Winter 2022/Spring 2023 Session: January 2023 through April 2023 | Deadline to
Apply: November 18th, 2022

Page 10 of 20

Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and dates of availability
to CA44.internships@mail.house.gov. Please specify in the subject line of the
email: the session you are applying for, whether you are applying for an
internship in the San Pedro or Washington, DC office, and if you are applying for
the Press Internship.
Applications received after the deadline will be considered depending on
availability.
If you have any questions or concerns, please
email CA44.internships@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Minorites and those of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Preference will be given to applicants with ties to the District and Californian
residents, but all are welcome and encouraged to apply. Being bilingual in
Spanish is also a plus.
MEM-502-22

The Office of Rep. Julia Brownley (CA-26) seeks paid Spring interns for the
Washington D.C. Office.
Intern responsibilities include answering phones, running errands, researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings,
filling tour and flag requests, giving Capitol tours, and answering constituent
letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The office of Rep. Julia Brownley is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national
origin, age, or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume to Hannah Singer
at hannah.singer@mail.house.gov with the subject “Spring Internship- LAST
NAME”. Deadline to apply is 11/18/2022.

MEM-501-22

Congressional Legislative Internship (Washington, D.C. Office)
The office of Congressman Dan Kildee is seeking a highly motivated and detailoriented paid intern for Spring 2023. Qualified candidates will have a
demonstrated interest in researching and learning public policy, legislation and
the legislative process; strong writing and analytical skills; and an interest in
public service.

Page 11 of 20

This position acts as an all-around helping hand in the congressional office,
serving staff and constituents, and is essential to ensuring the office operates
efficiently. Michigan ties are a plus.
This position is paid. The ideal candidate will be available from January through
May 2023 and can work from 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. ET when Congress is in session and
from 9 a.m. – 5 p.m. ET when Congress is not in session.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume
to Alexandra.Ham@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring 2023
Legislative Internship” by COB on Monday, November 14.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Help oversee the office reception area, greeting constituents and guests in a
professional manner;
•Answer incoming telephone calls;
•Assist the Staff Assistant in organizing tours of the U.S. Capitol, White House
and other Washington, D.C. landmarks for constituents or stakeholders;
•Assist the Staff Assistant in fulfilling flag requests;
•Assist the legislative staff by researching legislation and policies, attending
briefings and drafting cosponsor recommendations and memos;
•Support the constituent mail program by batching constituent messages in IQ
and drafting constituent mail;
•Assist in managing office supplies for the Washington office;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and procedures;
•Knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments;
•Professional telephone manners;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation, gender
identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-500-22

Press/Digital Internship (Washington, D.C. Office)
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Kildee is seeking a paid
press/digital intern to join a fast-paced communications team for Spring 2023.

Page 12 of 20

Qualified candidates will have a demonstrated interest in press and digital
communications as well as strong written, organizational and time management
skills. This individual should enjoy taking initiative, solving problems and
thinking creatively. Michigan ties are a plus.
This position is paid. The ideal candidate will be available from January to May
2023 and able to work from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. when the U.S. House of
Representatives is in session and from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on non-session days.
Interested applicants should send a brief cover letter and resume along with a
brief writing sample and least one sample social media post with a graphic
to Alexandra.Ham@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring 2023
Press/Digital Intern” by COB on Monday, November 14th.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Compile daily press clips
•Draft social media content for Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
•Create graphics and videos for social media
•Monitor and update the media contacts list
•Conduct research for op-eds, social content and press releases
•Write e-newsletters and media advisories and press releases
•Assist the communications team
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong written communication skills;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Experience using Adobe Creative Suite, Canva, or equivalent digital products to
create graphics, videos, and other digital content;
•Experience drafting social media;
•Experience monitoring media;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel and Google Sheets
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation, gender
identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-499-22

Congressman Raul Ruiz (CA-36) is seeking applicants for the Spring 2023
internship program in his Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congressman Ruiz is seeking hard-working
individuals who are passionate, driven, and committed to public service for their
Spring 2023 internship program. Internships in Congressman Ruiz’s office
Page 13 of 20

combine administrative, press, and legislative work. Interns are involved in all
aspects of the office including constituent services, correspondence, and
legislative research, in addition to providing general staff support.
Intern Responsibilities:
•Engaging with constituents both over the phone and in-person at the front desk
•Researching policy to help constituents with their concerns
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman
•Processing and organizing constituent mail received by the office
•Completing projects on various topics concerning the district
•Attending hearings and briefings and taking notes
•Assembling press and news clips
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman Ruiz’s office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email a cover letter and resume with the subject line
“Spring 2023 DC Office Internship”
to CA36.DCInternshipForm@mail.house.gov by November 18.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.
MEM-498-22

Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship paid internship for the Spring of 2023 in our
Washington, D.C. office.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the
legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include
attending briefings, answering phones, drafting constituent correspondence
letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks.
Nevada ties are encouraged but not required. The ideal candidate will be available
from late August through December and can work from 9am – 6pm ET when
Congress is in session and from 9am – 5pm ET when Congress is not in session.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
Page 14 of 20

members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume and cover letter
to Lizzie.Brown@mail.house.gov with the subject “First Name Last Name Spring
Internship Application” Applications will be accepted until November 15, 2022.
MEM-497-22

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks interns for his Washington office in
Spring 2023.
Texas connections a plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three references
to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use the subject line: Spring 2022 Internship
Application.
No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-496-22

The office of Congressman Jay Obernolte (CA-08) is seeking interns for the
spring 2023 term in the Washington D.C. office.
Ideal candidates should possess strong written and oral communication skills and
a demonstrated interest in public service. California ties are preferred but not
required.
In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to
answer phones, research legislation for the member and legislative staff, attend
hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the
House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.
Interested applicants should send a resume to James Fleming
at CA08.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring Internship
Application”

MEM-493-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for the spring of 2023. This is a hybrid position— hours are worked
remotely and in-person. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible
with Interns working for approximately 10-16 weeks. Applications are reviewed
on a rolling basis.

Page 15 of 20

Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.
MEM-491-22

The Office of Congressman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-00) is seeking motivated,
organized, and hardworking individuals for its spring internship program
(beginning in January 2023 and ending in May 2023).
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
providing Capitol tours for constituents, drafting constituent correspondence,
sorting incoming mail, attending briefings and hearings, conducting legislative
research, and other tasks as needed. Successful candidates will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, willingness to contribute to a team
environment, and eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. Delaware ties are a plus.
To apply, please send one compiled PDF of your resume, a cover letter that
describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and the
contact information for 2 references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov,
indicating the office (DC or Wilmington) and the term you are applying for in the
subject line. For example: “DC Spring 2023 Internship – NAME.” Please note in
the cover letter or body of the email if the internship is for school credit.
Applications are due at 11:59pm on December 10th, 2022

Page 16 of 20

No phone calls, emails, or drop-ins please.
MEM-488-22

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Spring
2023 internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates,
and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman
DeLauro's office combine administrative and legislative work. Interns are
involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form
(tinyurl.com/3t2z5ku8, also located on delauro.house.gov/services/internships)
along with a cover letter, resume, brief writing sample (1-2 pages), and two
references to Daniel.Robillard@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring
2023 Internship” by November 18. Please send completed application form as
one PDF file and all other application materials in another, single PDF file.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.

MEM-487-22

“Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Spring 2023 term.
Intern responsibilities include corresponding and communicating with
constituents, researching policy, legislative analysis, guiding Capitol building
tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written
and oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and
cover letter
to marshall.stallings@mail.house.gov and lauren.mazurek@mail.house.gov.

Page 17 of 20

Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to
apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class
schedules. This is a paid position and is competitive with that of other offices.
Rate of pay will depend on hours worked and duration of internship. State ties
preferred but not required.”
MEM-484-22

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (D-PA-05) Paid Spring Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
• Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
• Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Emily.Kastenberg@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring
Legislative Internship, NAME” by November 21st, 2022. Please include
availability in the cover letter and compile all application materials into one PDF
document.

MEM-483-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time digital
intern position this winter.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess familiarity
with programs such as Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign,
Canva, as well as compiling and interpreting social media analytics.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment and willingness to
learn are a must. This position reports to the Communications Director.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

Page 18 of 20

MEM-482-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented undergraduate or graduate student with a
passion for communications to fill a full-time press intern position this winter.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and voracious
consumer of news who thrives in a fast-paced environment. Press intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, compiling press clips, maintaining
press lists, and drafting press releases. This position reports to the
Communications Director. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences
are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter or writing sample
to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-481-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking full-time and part-time paid
interns for the Spring 2023 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings/hearings, performing
legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects.
Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent communication
skills, a strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public service and
progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by an outside
organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample,
three references, and availability to Diego.Sanchez@mail.house.gov with the
subject “First Name.Last Name Internship Application.” Applications will be
accepted until Sunday, November 27th. Incomplete or late applications will not
be accepted.

MEM-477-22

The office of Congressman Austin Scott (GA-08) is seeking full-time and parttime Spring 2023 interns in his Washington D.C. Office.
A qualified candidate should possess strong written and oral communication
skills and a demonstrated interest in public service. Interns will be expected to
fulfill the regular duties of a Congressional intern and may also receive
opportunities to assist the Legislative and Communications Staff.
Page 19 of 20

As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a Congressional office. Generally, the office hours run from 8:30
AM to 5:30 PM when Congress is in session and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not
in session.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to william.matney@mail.house.gov. Georgia ties are preferred, and the deadline
to apply for the Spring 2023 internship is the close of business on November 28.

Page 20 of 20

