________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 6, 2023

MEM-070-23

“Press Interns (full-time, in-person)
The House Democratic Leader seeks highly motivated Press interns to work fulltime on a fast-paced communications team. Intern responsibilities will include
compiling daily press clips, doing research projects, drafting preparation
materials for media hits and assisting with press events. The interns will report
directly to the Press Assistant.
The term of this paid internship will be from February to May 2023. Applicants
must be able to work in Washington, D.C. Ideal applicants will be able to write,
edit and proofread under tight deadlines, handle multiple assignments
simultaneously and stay on top of the news.
Qualified applicants should send one PDF file including their resume and cover
letter along with three professional references with the subject line “APPLICANT
NAME Spring 2023 Press Internship Application”
to DemLeader.InternApp@mail.house.gov. Women, minorities, LGBTQIA+
individuals, veterans and those with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply.
The deadline to submit applications is Friday, February 10, 2023, at 5:00 p.m.
ET. Only complete applications will be considered. Please no drop-ins or phone
calls.”

Page 1 of 11

MEM-069-23

“Digital Interns (full-time, in-person)
The House Democratic Leader is seeking motivated, detail-oriented Digital
Interns to work full-time on a fast-paced communications team. Intern
responsibilities will include creating graphics, drafting social media content,
photographing events and providing technical support for livestreams.
The term of this paid internship will be from February to May 2023. Applicants
must be able to work in Washington, D.C. Successful candidates should have
proficiency in graphic design and experience with video editing software and
Adobe Creative Cloud. Strong writing and photography skills are also required.
Qualified applicants should send one PDF file including their resume, cover
letter, digital portfolio or digital examples along with three professional
references with the subject line “APPLICANT NAME Spring 2023 Digital
Internship Application” to DemLeader.InternApp@mail.house.gov. Women,
minorities, LGBTQIA+ individuals, veterans and those with disabilities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
The deadline to submit applications is Friday, February 10, 2023, at 5:00 p.m.
ET. Only complete applications will be considered. Please no drop-ins or phone
calls.”

MEM-068-23

Interns (full-time, in-person)
The House Democratic Leader seeks highly motivated, detail-oriented interns to
work full-time in a fast-paced leadership office. Interns will support various
departments in the office, including the Operations, Member Services, and Policy
teams. Interns will be primarily responsible for department-specific tasks such as
providing outreach support to Democratic Member offices, managing logistics
and assisting with team projects. The internship will also include an educational
work component in which interns will attend congressional briefings and
hearings, conduct research for our Policy Team, draft internal documents and
participate in professional development sessions.
The term of this paid internship will be from February to May 2023. Applicants
must be able to work in-person in Washington, D.C. Ideal applicants will have a
professional and positive attitude, a demonstrated knowledge of House
Democrats, strong problem-solving skills, proficiency with Excel and a passion
for politics.
Qualified applicants should send one PDF file including their resume, cover letter
and three professional references with the subject line “APPLICANT NAME
Spring 2023 Leadership Internship Application”
to DemLeader.InternApp@mail.house.gov. Women, minorities, LGBTQIA+
individuals, veterans and those with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 2 of 11

The deadline to submit applications is Friday, February 10, 2023, at 5:00 p.m.
ET. Only complete applications will be considered. Please no drop-ins or phone
calls.”
MEM-067-23

The office of Congressman Morgan Luttrell (TX – 08) is seeking full-time and
part-time Spring 2023 interns in his Washington D.C. Office.
A qualified candidate should possess strong written and oral communication
skills and a demonstrated interest in public service. Interns will be expected to
fulfill the regular duties of a Congressional intern and may also receive
opportunities to assist the Legislative and Communications Staff. As a result,
interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
Congressional office. The office hours run from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to Landry.Cunningham@mail.house.gov.

MEM-065-23

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Summer 2023.
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
*Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
*Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 20 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District. The deadline to submit applications is March 24, 2023, at
11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
Page 3 of 11

identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-059-23

Republican Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is seeking paid, in-person
interns for his Washington, DC office for the Summer 2023 term.
Functioning as a key part of the staff, our interns help draft constituent
correspondence, memos, and press releases, research legislation, take phone calls,
and assist with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or
recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fastpaced setting.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. California ties are preferred, but not required and academic credit is
available for qualifying students.
Interested applicants should email their resume, cover letter, and dates of
availability to savannah.coughlin@mail.house.gov with “Summer 2023
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-057-23

The office of Congressman Emanuel Cleaver, II (D-MO) is accepting
applications for a paid in-person summer internship. Current college students
and recent college graduates are welcome to apply.
Responsibilities include sorting constituent mail, answering the phones, attending
hearings and briefings, leading tours, drafting constituent response letters, and
assisting the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have strong written and interpersonal skills, a positive
work ethic, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once. The ideal candidate can
work a full-time schedule with operating hours of 9:00 am to 6:00 pm when
Congress is in session and 9:00 am to 5:00 pm when Congress is in recess.
Kansas City and Missouri ties are a plus.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and a one-page writing sample in
a single pdf to MO5internships@mail.house.gov with “Cleaver Internship
Summer 2023” as the subject line. Additionally, candidates must include their
intended start and end date in their cover letter. Applications are accepted on a
rolling basis until February 28th. Please, no phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins.
Page 4 of 11

MEM-054-23

Summer Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Summer 2022. The internship is in-person and will run
from late May to early August. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Summer 2022 Internship” to Jerome.Vainisi1@mail.house.gov, or by
applying through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships

MEM-053-23

The Office of Congressman Robert Garcia (CA-42) is currently hiring for a Paid
Part-Time Press Intern position (Spring 2023) to work in the Washington, D.C.
office. The internship will run through early May 2023.
The Press Intern works closely with the communications team.
Primary educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily clips
• Drafting press releases and other written materials
• Maintaining press lists
• Creating graphics for social media
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have
previous intern experience in communications.
All qualified applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are
encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
Interested applicants should send a one page resume, 3 relevant sample tweets,
and a social media/graphic design example
to sara.guerrero@mail.house.gov and marissa.davis@mail.house.gov with “Full
Name - Spring Press Intern 2023” in the subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

Page 5 of 11

MEM-049-23

The House Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time digital
intern position this spring.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling
and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn are a must. This position reports to
the Communications Director. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-047-23

The Office of Democratic Congressman Eric Sorensen (IL-17) seeks paid Press
Interns for the D.C. office.
This internship is a great opportunity for individuals with a strong desire to gain
public service experience and insight into Capitol Hill. We are hiring
immediately. Hours may be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules,
although student status is not required. The duration of the internship will be
through approximately April 30, 2023. Start date may be flexible. This is an inperson internship. While Press Interns will work closely with the
Communications staff, they will assist all teams with day-to-day office tasks.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Answering phone calls
• Greeting office visitors
• Intaking constituent comments
• Coordinating tour requests
• Compiling daily clips
• Drafting press releases and other written materials
• Maintaining press lists
• Creating graphics for social media
• Assisting with updates to the Member’s official social media channels
• Attending congressional briefings and hearings
• Drafting constituent correspondence
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have
previous intern experience in communications. We are looking for candidates
with an eagerness to learn, customer service skills, and a strong interest in public
service.

Page 6 of 11

This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual
orientation, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. We strongly encourage members of underrepresented
communities to apply, including working students, returning students, and
students who are parents to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and 2-3 references
to emma.millspaugh@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name - DC
Spring Intern.” Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-046-23

The Office of Democratic Congressman Eric Sorensen (IL-17) seeks paid Interns
for the D.C. office.
This internship is a great opportunity for individuals with a strong desire to gain
public service experience and insight into Capitol Hill. We are hiring
immediately. Hours may be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules,
although student status is not required. The duration of the internship will be
through approximately April 30, 2023. Start date may be flexible. This is an inperson internship.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Answering phone calls
• Greeting office visitors
• Intaking constituent comments
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Coordinating tour requests
• Attending congressional briefings and hearings
• Assisting operations, communications, and legislative staffers with various tasks
Other duties will be based on the intern's interests. We are looking for candidates
with an eagerness to learn, customer service skills, and a strong interest in public
service.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual
orientation, or age. We strongly encourage members of underrepresented
communities to apply, including working students, returning students, and
students who are parents to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and 2-3 references
to emma.millspaugh@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name - DC
Spring Intern.” Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-044-23

The office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is currently
hiring a Paid Full Time Spring Press Intern to work in the Washington, D.C.
office.
Page 7 of 11

The press intern will work closely with the communications team in a fast-paced,
battleground Congressional office. The internship will begin in January and run
through early May 2023.
Responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily clips
• Drafting press releases and other written materials
• Maintaining press lists
• Creating graphics for social media
• Assisting with updates to the Member’s official social media channels
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have
previous intern experience in communications.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Interested applicants should send a resume, one writing sample (or cover letter),
and any additional social media/graphic examples that they wish to include
to ca37staff2022@gmail.com with “Full Name - Spring Press Intern” in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-036-23

The Office of Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks interns for the Largo,
MD office. This internship is a great opportunity for individuals with a strong
desire to gain public service experience and to serve the constituents of the
Fourth District of Maryland.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Answering phone calls
• Greeting office visitors
• Intaking constituent casework
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Attending local meetings and events
• Assisting District staffers with various tasks
Other duties will be based on the intern's interests. This is a paid internship
opportunity. The desired start date is February 6, 2023. Ties to Maryland’s 4th
congressional district and Spanish language proficiency are preferred but not
required. We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, customer
service skills, and organization skills.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual
Page 8 of 11

orientation, or age. We strongly encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and
members of other underrepresented communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, a writing sample of 1-3 pages, and 2
references to maryam.hassanein@mail.house.gov with the subject line District
Intern Application.
MEM-027-23

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Spring 2023 session. This internship would begin in
January and last until early May 2023.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge of the
day-to-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled in
an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an ideal
fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government – however,
any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the legislative
staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping
with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. This will be an in-person
internship.
Interested candidates should apply through our
website https://gregmurphy.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-023-23

The Office of Congresswoman Laurel Lee (FL-15) is currently seeking
candidates for a Spring 2023 internship in her Washington D.C. office.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering and logging
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, drafting constituent letters,
performing legislative research, leading Capitol tours, and assisting with
communications tasks. The internship provides a valuable opportunity to
contribute to the daily operations of a congressional office and gain first-hand
experience with the legislative process.
Ideal candidates will be team-players who have a strong work ethic, quality
written and verbal communication skills, possess a positive attitude and a
commitment to exceptional constituent service. Florida ties are preferred but not
required.

Page 9 of 11

Interested candidates should submit their cover letter and resume
to hannah.so@mail.house.gov.
MEM-022-23

The Office of Congresswoman-Elect Valerie Foushee (NC-4) is seeking to hire a
paid intern for her Durham Office.
District Intern responsibilities include (but are not limited to) answering phones,
conducting research, assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent
correspondence, community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the
discretion of the District Director. As a result, the intern will gain invaluable
knowledge about our district and will be an integral part of the functioning of our
District Office.
The term of this internship will be from January 2023---May 2023. Part-time
interns must work at least 10-15 hours a week, Monday-Friday, hours may be
flexible to accommodate students' course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and at least
two references to NC04Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-008-23

Republican Congressman Pat Fallon (TX-04) currently seeks full-time interns
for a paid internship in his Washington D.C. office for the Spring 2023 and
Summer 2023 semesters. Current college students and recent graduates are
welcome to apply.
Intern responsibilities will include answering and logging constituent phone calls,
drafting correspondence, and assisting staff with legislative research and
administrative duties.
The ideal candidate should be interested in public policy, politics, and
government and is willing to learn more about the legislative process to serve the
constituents of Texas’s 4th Congressional District. Candidates with strong writing
and communication skills are encouraged to apply and must be ready to work in a
rapid environment. Texas ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter
to randy.mai1@mail.house.gov.

MEM-597-22

House Democrat seeks a paid Legislative Fellow to assist senior legislative staff
with a wide variety of legislative topics and tasks. The Legislative Fellow will
gain experience in preparing for committee hearings and markups; developing
and advancing legislation; drafting speeches; and meeting with constituents and
other stakeholders.

Page 10 of 11

The ideal candidate will possess superb written and oral communication skills;
have some policy experience; and will enjoy collaborating with others in a fastpaced environment.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to housedemjobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Fellow” in the subject line.

Page 11 of 11

