________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 27, 2017

MEM-107-17

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns to fill spring and summer positions.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting
legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and
congressional affairs. California ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter
and dates of availability to Peter.Durkin@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-106-17

Democratic Congressman Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking highly motivated
interns to join his Washington D.C. office. Interns will have the chance to
experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a congressional office and gain valuable
work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the
legislative process. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and
briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with
Page 1 of 8

tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence
letters on various issues before the House. Qualified applicants must possess
excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to
detail and ability to function in a fast-paced environment.
Full-time summer internship positions are available beginning in early June.
Southern California ties are preferred. Internships are unpaid, however current
students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply, please send cover letter,
resume and brief writing sample to parker.dorrough@mail.house.gov by April 10,
2017.
MEM-105-17

The office of Congressman Don Beyer (VA-08) seeks qualified candidates for a
full-time, unpaid internship starting Monday, April 3rd and ending on
Wednesday, May 31st. Core responsibilities include supporting the Staff
Assistant in the management of a robust tour program and a busy front office.
Excellent communication and organizational skills are vital. The ideal candidate
possesses impeccable writing skills, works efficiently in fast-paced environments,
has a deep sense of responsibility, and a sincere willingness to learn. Qualified
candidates must submit a resume, cover letter, and a 1 to 2 page writing sample to
Grace.Rubinger@mail.house.gov by March 29, 2017. Ties to Virginia’s 8th
Congressional District strongly preferred. Women and minority candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-104-17

The office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson seeks a press intern for the
Washington, D.C. Office. Responsibilities include assembling daily news clips,
drafting news releases and social media content, conducting research, and
assisting the communications director with other tasks as needed. Additionally,
the intern will shadow the communications director at committee hearings and
relevant media events. Candidates must possess strong writing skills and will be
asked to take a writing test. A background in communications, media
relations/public affairs or journalism is preferred, but not required.
All interested candidates should email Nnemdilim.ubezonu@mail.house.gov with
resume and cover letter attached.

MEM-103-17

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for Spring 2017. Applicants must be able to start
immediately. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to
assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties
include attending briefings, answering phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis,
and various other tasks. Florida ties are encouraged but not required. Please send
resume, cover letter, and one writing sample to Victor.Yang@mail.house.gov.

Page 2 of 8

MEM-101-17

Congressman André Carson (D-IN) is seeking a professional, dependable, and
hardworking student or recent graduate for a press internship. Duties will
include drafting press releases and social media content, updating press lists,
compiling and distributing daily press clips, media monitoring, answering the
office phone, and other communications and administrative tasks as assigned.
Indiana connections are favorable but not required. Internship to start as soon as a
qualified candidate is identified. Scheduling is flexible.
Please send a resume, brief cover letter, and one short writing sample to
internscarson@gmail.com with “Press Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-100-17

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) has immediate openings for unpaid fulltime and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be
motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability,
and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a
plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
1-2 page writing sample to Lujan.Tours@mail.house.gov.

MEM-099-17

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
legislative interns for the summer in our Washington, D.C. office. Interns in our
office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career
and educational experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent
correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee hearings, performing
legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and
supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! All
internships are unpaid. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Andrew.ONeill@mail.house.gov with “2017 Pocan Summer Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-098-17

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the summer of 2017. Interns will work in a
fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the
legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as
attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Page 3 of 8

Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude,
strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to
work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and resume.
Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted for
consideration.
MEM-097-17

West Coast Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional
organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in their
Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent
constituent service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting
constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls
and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general
office administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and
work well in a team environment. Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to
calgopinternship@gmail.com.

MEM-096-17

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this summer.
Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the
legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties.
Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are
strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-090-17

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office. Candidates should be collegial, professional,
quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written
communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include
assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing
memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience

Page 4 of 8

are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter
and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-089-17

The House Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks a qualified
graduate or undergraduate press intern for the Spring 2017 Semester. An
internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Press interns will compile daily news clips, draft news
releases and social media content, conduct research, and assist with
administrative tasks such as updating media lists. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings, media briefings or media events on
subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction. A background in journalism,
public relations or general communications is preferred, but not required.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are encouraged to apply.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two
references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov, with “Spring Press
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-088-17

The House Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks qualified
graduate and undergraduate interns for the Summer 2017 program. An internship
with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give students a
thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative
process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with
administrative tasks such as answering phones, organizing documents, and
preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to perform legislative research, shadow staff at hearings and
markups, and attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction.
The ideal candidate is an organized and committed student or recent graduate
who is eager to join a fast-paced environment and interested in learning more
about the legislative process. Superior writing and communication skills,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is
preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov with
“Summer 2017 Internship” in the subject line.
Page 5 of 8

MEM-085-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Martha McSally is currently
seeking applicants for a paid full-time internship to start immediately for the
spring 2017 term ending in mid-May. Responsibilities include assisting the staff
with front office operations, conducting legislative research, answering
constituent calls and inquiries, conducting U.S. Capitol tours, attending
committee briefings and hearings, and learning about the day-to-day operations
of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be ambitious, proactive, have a
positive attitude and demonstrate a strong interest in the legislative process.
Unpaid internships are available to qualified college students seeking college
credit or recent college graduates. Arizona ties preferred but not required. No
drop-ins. Please e-mail a resume and cover letter to
seton.brems@mail.house.gov.

MEM-081-17

The Office of Congressman A. Donald McEachin (VA-04) seeks a Press Intern.
Current college students and recent grads are encouraged to apply. Primary
responsibilities will include: compiling and distributing daily news clips; pitching
reporters; creating graphics; press list maintenance; media monitoring; writing
press releases, advisories, website content, floor speeches, and social media posts.
Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills as well as
the ability to work under tight deadlines. Individuals with a background in
communications, journalism, public relations, public affairs or political science is
strongly preferred. Please send a resume, brief cover letter, two short writing
samples, and availability to jamitress.bowden@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Press Intern” by March 31st.

MEM-080-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is
seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the
Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Summer of
2017.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff
to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital
content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting
press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or
graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips
at 7:45 am and ends at 3:45 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on
Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major
legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of
activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if
applicable, a portfolio sample to Sam Menchel at

Page 6 of 8

NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact Sam
at 202-225-3615 with any questions.
MEM-079-17

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is
offering summer internship opportunities for college students and recent college
graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office
provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation
of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents,
attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues
for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and
together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to
increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal
government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative
process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s
position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing
sample to Sam Menchel at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do
not hesitate to contact Sam at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-076-17

California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the Spring 2017
internship session, to begin immediately. Interns will conduct legislative research,
compile press clips, assist with front office operations, help with constituent
relations, coordinate and conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day
operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking,
creative, critical thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications
and writing skills are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not
required. Please submit a cover letter, brief writing sample, and resume to
bera.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-073-17

Congressman Steve Womack is currently seeking hard-working interns in his
Washington, D.C. office for March through May 2017. Interns will work closely
with Congressman Womack’s staff and constituents while learning the inner
workings of the United States Congress and about issues affecting Arkansans.
Duties include, but are not limited to, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, sorting
constituent mail, answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, and
assisting staff members. Those interested in political science, government, public
policy, business, and social work are encouraged to apply. Congressman
Womack is a member of the Appropriations Committee, and serves on the
Defense, Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, and
Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies
subcommittees. He also sits on the Budget Committee. Any interested candidates
should send a current resume and cover letter to hannah.shea@mail.house.gov.

Page 7 of 8

MEM-071-17

The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
is seeking a full-time intern to start immediately. Successful candidates will be
professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary
responsibilities include answering phones and handling mail as well as assisting
with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist with investigative
research or other projects as needed. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.
To apply please send your cover letter, resume and 1-2 page writing sample to
oversight.democrats@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Internship.”

MEM-070-17

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Spring 2017 and/or Summer 2017 semester(s) in
Washington DC. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting
visitors, leading tours of the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping
conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a
meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fastpaced environment, and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional
operations. Internships are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career
on Capitol Hill. Ties to the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work
availability with the subject line “Spring 2017 Internship” OR “Summer 2017
Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.

MEM-066-17

Democratic Leadership office is currently accepting intern resumes for the
upcoming Summer 2017 Semester. The spring internship program will begin
early May and run through July/August. Interns will assist with Member
outreach, event planning, legislative work and press services. Interns will also be
handling front office responsibilities, answering phones, distributing mail and
directing guests to appropriate staffers. Qualified applicants must possess a
pleasant attitude, great work ethic and have a flexible schedule. Candidates
involved in an education or leadership program are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume to Caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov
with your availability. Include “2017 Summer Democratic Leadership Internship”
in the subject line.

Page 8 of 8

