________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 24, 2017

MEM-244-17

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Fall 2017 semester in Washington DC. Intern
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to
the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should
send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject
line “Fall 2017 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.

MEM-242-17

Nevada Democratic Member of Congress is seeking a hardworking and reliable
press fellow to fill a summer and fall position. This is an excellent opportunity
for those who are interested in communications, including digital design and
social media. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, writing press
releases, media advisories, op-eds, and social media content creation, and other
press tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess strong
communication skills and an ability to work in a fast-paced environment. Fellow
Page 1 of 17

will report to Communications Director. Candidates with one to two years of
experience preferred. Please send a résumé, cover letter, and portfolio to
Chelsea.Rosenberg@mail.house.gov, with “Press Fellow” in the subject line.
MEM-241-17

Democratic Congresswoman Jacky Rosen seeks interns in her D.C. office. The
ideal candidate is a committed and diligent team player with a positive attitude
and possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity. We are looking for
someone with strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task and work
cooperatively and courteously with others. Duties include: answering telephone
calls, responding to general constituent inquiries and requests for tours, assisting
with constituent correspondence and research, and providing administrative
assistance to staff team. Undergraduate students or recent college graduates
preferred, Southern Nevada ties are a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged
to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
Chelsea.Rosenberg@mail.house.gov. Applications will be accepted on a rolling
basis.

MEM-240-17

The Office of Congressman David Price is currently accepting applications for
our fall internship program running from August 2017 through the beginning of
December. This position requires greeting guests and constituents, answering
phone calls, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, writing legislative memos, and assisting in general day to
day activities. While unpaid, this position ensures a wonderful work environment
and will strengthen your understanding of Congress and Washington. The
internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of major.
Qualified candidates will be hard working, possess strong written and oral skills,
and have the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested candidates
should send a resume, cover letter, and unofficial transcript to
nc04.intern@mail.house.gov.

MEM-239-17

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is
offering fall internship opportunities for college students and recent college
graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office
provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation
of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents,
attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues
for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and
together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to
increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal
government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative
process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s
position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.

Page 2 of 17

Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing
sample to Sam Menchel at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do
not hesitate to contact Sam at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
MEM-238-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is
seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the
Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Fall 2017
semester.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff
to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital
content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips,
drafting press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as
photography or graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with
aggregating news clips at 8:00 am.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on
Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major
legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of
activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if
applicable, a portfolio sample to Sam Menchel
at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact
Sam at 202-225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-237-17

Congressman Daniel Webster’s office is seeking motivated interns for the fall
semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining valuable
experience and knowledge of the legislative process and constituent service.
Responsibilities include attending hearings, briefing and lectures, helping process
tour and flag requests, handling incoming mail, giving visiting constituents tours
of the Capitol, and performing general office duties. Interns will also have the
opportunity to explore areas of policy interest. Internships are unpaid. Florida ties
are not required, but are a plus. Please send a cover letter and resume to
jessica.thompson@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Internship.” Please
save cover letter and resume with the file name “First name, Last name.”

MEM-236-17

The Office of the House Democratic Caucus Vice Chair is currently accepting
applications for a full-time internship during the 2017 Fall semester. Successful
candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention to
detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of
humor. Primary responsibilities will include answering phones, leading Capitol
tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent
correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern
California ties are preferred, but not required.

Page 3 of 17

Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample
to lindasanchez.internship@mail.house.gov with “DC Fall 2017 Internship” in
the subject line.’
MEM-234-17

Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking intelligent, hard-working
college students to serve as fall interns in his office. Interns in the Congressman's
office will have the opportunity to witness legislative process, give Capitol
building tours, and attend briefings. Send cover letter and resume to
chris.naylor@mail.house.gov with subject line "Estes Fall Internship." Please
save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file
"First name, Last name." The deadline to apply for the fall is August 1st, 2017.

MEM-233-17

The Office of Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson is seeking unpaid interns
for the Fall 2017 semester in the Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities include
assisting the administrative, legislative, and press staff with writing, legislative
research, constituent services, and attending various briefings and hearings.
Candidates should be self-motivated, detail oriented, and possess strong oral and
written communication skills. This is an excellent opportunity to gain experience
on Capitol Hill while learning about the legislative process. Texas ties are
preferred, but not required. If you are interested in this internship opportunity,
please e-mail a cover letter, resume, references and a short writing sample to
Nawaid.Ladak@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or walk-ins.

MEM-232-17

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce
Subcommittee on Oversight & Investigations is seeking a fall 2017 full-time or
part-time legal fellow available to start in late August or early September
2017. Fellows will gain firsthand knowledge of Congressional oversight on a
range of issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction, including healthcare, energy
and environment, telecommunications, and more. Responsibilities include
organizing materials for staff, aiding in preparation for Congressional hearings,
research, writing and editing, and document review, including but not limited to
legislation and federal regulations. Successful candidates will be dependable,
organized, and possess exceptionally strong written and verbal communication
skills. This internship is unpaid.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply.
Please send your resume, a cover letter, and a writing sample (5 pages max.) to:
InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.

MEM-230-17

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for Fall 2017. We are seeking motivated, organized,
and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with dayPage 4 of 17

to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving
Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative
research and analysis, and various other tasks. Florida ties are encouraged but not
required. Please send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample to
FL13Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-229-17

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
fall. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest
in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but
are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office
duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
short writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-228-17

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting
and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned.
The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and three writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject
“Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-227-17

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the Fall of 2017. Interns will work in a fastpaced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the
legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as
attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude,
strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to
work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and
resume. Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted
for consideration.

Page 5 of 17

MEM-226-17

Congressman Jim Langevin (D-RI) is seeking full and part-time interns for the
fall 2017 semester. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative
work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties
include providing constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee
hearings, performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on
various projects of interest. Rhode Island ties are preferred but not required.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and
written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All
internships are unpaid. To apply: send a resume, cover letter, and two brief
writing samples as a single PDF to john.swords@mail.house.gov. Please also
indicate your dates of availability.

MEM-225-17

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for the fall of 2017. Ideal
candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional.
Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the
media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media
and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide
professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing
intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of their
interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment
and be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Candidates with
photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with
“Communications Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate
dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.

MEM-224-17

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
legislative intern for her Washington D.C. office for the fall of 2017. Ideal
candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong work ethic and
writing skills. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent
correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid
and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is
flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with
LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with
“Legislative Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of
availability.

Page 6 of 17

No phone calls, please.
MEM-222-17

The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking fulltime interns for fall of 2017 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates
would be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and
communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent
correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are
unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants.
The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well
as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be
willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more
about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
wi06resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-221-17

The office of Congressman Bill Shuster (PA-09) is currently seeking Fall interns.
Candidates should be a self-motivated, team player that is ready to work in a fastpaced environment. Duties include, but are not limited to: opening mail,
answering phones, constituent correspondence, attending briefings, assisting with
legislative research, and providing aid to staff-members with various projects.
The ideal candidate will be a hard-working, detail oriented professional with
strong oral and written communication skills. Pennsylvania and district ties are
preferred, but not required. Although this position is unpaid, we will work with
the student to fulfill requirements for school credit programs. Interested
candidates should email their resume to PA09jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-220-17

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking
conservative, highly motivated, and organized applicants for a full or part-time
unpaid internship for fall 2017, beginning mid-August into December 2017, with
flexible start and end dates.
Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not
required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or
school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover
letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2017 Fall Internship" in the subject line.
No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

Page 7 of 17

MEM-219-17

The Washington, D.C. Offices of Congressman Dave Reichert is excited to
announce that we are accepting interns. Interns are an integral part of our office,
assisting constituents and staff.
This is an excellent opportunity for students to gain first-hand knowledge of the
inner workings of the federal government. Internship responsibilities include, but
are not limited to, researching constituent requests, drafting correspondence,
constituent outreach, keeping up to date on local and national issues, and data
entry. There are also opportunities for long-term research and outreach projects.
We are looking for applicants interested in government, law, public policy, or
social sciences. A competitive candidate will be energetic, self-motivated,
possess strong communication skills, and be familiar with Microsoft Office.
Our unpaid internships run throughout the school year, depending upon the
student’s schedule and we offer flexible scheduling. If you are interested in
applying or have any questions about interning with the Washington, D.C. Office,
please contact JD Greening at JD.Greening@mail.house.gov.
Please include:
• Cover letter
• Resume
• At least two writing samples
• Two letters of recommendation
Please send resumes to JD.Greening@mail.house.gov.

MEM-218-17

The Office of Congressman Ro Khanna (CA-17) is seeking qualified candidates
to intern in our Washington, D.C. office for fall of 2017. Interns will have a
chance to experience first-hand the operations of a U.S. Congressional office,
learn about the legislative process, and gain Capitol Hill experience.
Responsibilities include administrative tasks such as answering phones,
welcoming guests, and leading constituent tours. In addition, interns will be
required to conduct legislative research, draft constituent and press
correspondence, attend briefings and hearings and other projects as needed.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to California are preferred, but not
required.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter,
resume, and brief writing sample to ca17dcinterns.resumes@mail.house.gov.
Please include “Last Name, First Name - Internship Application” in the subject
Page 8 of 17

line and include your available start and end dates and weekly schedule in the
email.
MEM-217-17

Congressman Matt Cartwright (D-PA) seeks unpaid interns for his Washington,
D.C. office for the Fall 2017 semester. Intern responsibilities include, but are not
limited to, writing constituent letters, attending legislative briefings, assisting
staff with research and special projects, and preforming administrative duties as
needed. Successful candidates will be detail-oriented and responsible, and
possess strong written and oral communication skills. Pennsylvania ties are
preferred, but not required. Constituents from Pennsylvania’s 17th congressional
district are especially encouraged to apply.
Prospective candidates should submit their application, resume, and cover letter
online at www.cartwright.house.gov/services/internships. No phone calls or dropins, please.

MEM-216-17

The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is currently
accepting applications for Fall 2017. Intern responsibilities include researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings,
answering phones, day to day office duties, and answering constituent messages
on various issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session. Interested
applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to
MeehanDCIntern@gmail.com. The deadline to apply is August 18th, 2017. Ties
to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District are preferred, but not required.

MEM-215-17

The Office of Congressman Sarbanes (MD-03) is currently seeking college
students or recent graduates for the Fall 2017 internship program in Washington
DC. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, drafting constituent
correspondence, attending briefings and writing memos for legislative staff,
conducting research for various legislative projects, and providing administrative
support for the office.
Ideal candidates must be hard working and possess a meticulous attention to
detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
enthusiasm for learning. Ties to Maryland strongly preferred. Preference will be
given to interns with full-time availability. Interested applicants may send a
resume, cover letter, two short writing samples, and work availability with the
subject line “Fall 2017 Internship” to Lucy Shaw at lucy.shaw@mail.house.gov.

MEM-214-17

Vermont Congressman Peter Welch (D-VT) is seeking unpaid interns to begin in
mid-September in his Capitol Hill Office. Congressman Peter Welch represents
Vermont’s At-Large District. He is a Chief Deputy Whip of the House
Democratic Caucus and a member of the Democratic Steering and Policy
Page 9 of 17

Committee. He serves on the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
Interns will:
• Assist with office administrative tasks including sorting incoming mail,

greeting visitors, and answering phones.
• Assist in the preparation of constituent responses.
• Perform legislative research.
• Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
• Gain valuable Hill experience learning about the federal legislative

process.
• Complete a Capstone project in which they develop a mock bill and guide
it through the legislative process on its way to becoming law
Fall session interns generally begin in mid-September and end in mid-December;
however, these dates are flexible and varying schedules may be accommodated.
Vermont ties are preferred but not necessary. Open to undergraduate and graduate
students.
To Apply:
Please e-mail a resume, brief cover letter, college transcript (unofficial is
sufficient), two letters of recommendation, and a 1-2 page writing sample to:
WelchInterns@mail.house.gov. Please include “DC Intern” in the subject line.
Deadline for Submission: August 11th, 2017
MEM-213-17

The Office of Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14) is seeking full and part-time interns for
the Fall 2017 semester in its Washington D.C. office. Applicants should possess
strong written and verbal communication skills and a strong work ethic. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting the staff with general
office duties, answering phones, responding to constituent mail, researching
legislative issues, leading Capitol Hill tours, and attending briefings and
hearings. Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any
necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or
university. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to Shivani
Vakharia at Shivani.vakharia@mail.house.gov. State ties preferred, but not
required.

MEM-212-17

Congressman Coffman (R-CO) seeks hard-working, enthusiastic legislative
interns for the Fall 2017 semester in his Washington, DC office. Interns are
responsible for: giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering constituent calls,
sorting constituent correspondence, assisting legislative staff with research and
writing, processing U.S. flag requests, attending Congressional briefings and
hearings, and attending events with the Congressman as necessary. Applicants
Page 10 of 17

should have strong written and oral communication skills, exceptional
interpersonal skills, and have demonstrable interest in public policy and
government. Attractive applicants will have completed at least 60 credit hours of
undergraduate coursework. Those with Colorado ties and professional
proficiency in Spanish are encouraged to apply. Applicants should be aware that
this is an unpaid internship that tentatively lasts from August/September through
December 2017. For more information and application, please visit:
http://coffman.house.gov/services/internships.
MEM-211-17

The House Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks qualified
graduate and undergraduate interns for the Fall 2017 program. An internship
with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give students a
thorough understanding of a congressional committee’s role in the legislative
process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with
administrative tasks such as answering phones, organizing documents, and
preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to perform legislative research, shadow staff at hearings and
markups, and attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction.
The ideal candidate is an organized and committed student or recent graduate
who is eager to join a fast-paced environment and interested in learning more
about the legislative process. Superior writing and communication skills,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is
preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit, as one PDF document, their resume, cover
letter, and one writing sample (two pages max.) to
InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov, with “Fall 2017 Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-210-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is
seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming fall
semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and
communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases,
answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability
to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political
process and congressional affairs. Candidates with an interest in issues associated
with the Congressman’s membership on the House Foreign Affairs Committee or
House Budget Committee are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume, cover
Page 11 of 17

letter and dates of availability to Perry.Goffner@mail.house.gov with “Name Internship Application” in the subject line.
MEM-209-17

The office of Representative Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) seeks full-time interns in
his Washington, DC office for the 2017 Fall session, starting immediately. Ideal
candidates possess strong written and verbal communication skills, organizational
skills, an attention to detail, and a positive attitude. Main responsibilities include
overseeing tour and flag requests, giving tours, attending briefings, helping with
graphic design, processing mail and letters, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and helping with other office duties. California ties are preferred,
but not required. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
Courtney.bradway@mail.house.gov.

MEM-207-17

The Office of Congressman Rod Blum seeks hardworking interns for the Fall of
2017. Candidates must be detail oriented, professional, organized, and able to
function in a fast-paced work environment. Duties include guiding tours,
attending to constituents, assisting with legislative research, and general office
duties. Internship is unpaid. Please send resume and cover letter to
Alexah.Rogge@mail.house.gov.

MEM-206-17

California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the fall 2017 semester.
Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips, assist with front
office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and conduct tours,
and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a congressional office.
Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical thinkers with a good sense
of humor. Strong communications and writing skills are crucial. Northern
California ties are preferred, but not required. Please submit a cover letter, brief
writing sample, and resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-204-17

The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience
in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates
will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary
responsibilities include office tasks such as answering phones and handling mail
as well as assisting with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist
with investigative research or other projects as needed.
Applications are currently being accepted for Fall 2017. To apply please send
your cover letter, resume and 2-3-page writing sample to
oversight.democrats@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Internship.”

MEM-202-17

The Office of Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is looking for interns for
the 2017 Fall semester (August 28nd-December15th) in our Washington, D.C.
office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates that are motivated, detailoriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and
writing abilities, can multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will
Page 12 of 17

have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the
legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include
answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on
various projects. Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out
any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or
university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates
should email a resume and cover letter to Jordan Garcia at
Jordan.garcia@mail.house.gov.
MEM-201-17

Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for the Fall of 2017. We are seeking motivated,
organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff
with day-to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering
phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Nevada ties
are encouraged but not required. Please send resume and cover letter to
Catherine.chrobak@mail.house.gov.

MEM-198-17

Congressman Gerald Connolly seeks applicants for an internship in his
Washington D.C. Office for Fall 2017 (August to December). Main
responsibilities include (but are not limited to) answering the phones, sorting
mail, drafting constituent correspondence, arranging tours, conducting legislative
research for staff, attending Congressional hearings with staff, and performing
other administrative tasks as needed.
Applicants should be reliable and detail-oriented, and possess a professional and
courteous demeanor, strong verbal and written communication skills, and the
ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Ties to the 11th District of
Virginia are preferred, but not required.
To apply for this internship please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to va11.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-197-17

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Fall 2017. Duties will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic
administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication
skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are preferred. Please send a
resume, cover letter and writing sample to md06.internships@mail.house.gov by
August 1, 2017 with “Fall Congressional Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-196-17

Congressman Bill Posey (FL-08) is currently seeking highly motivated and
organized applicants for a part-time or full-time unpaid internship starting in
Mid-August. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process,
Page 13 of 17

excellent communication skills, attention to detail, and a positive attitude.
Responsibilities will mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones,
leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, constituent correspondence, legislative research,
and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred, but are not
required. If interested, please send a resume to FL.Conservative@mail.house.gov.
MEM-195-17

The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications for the
upcoming 2017 Fall Semester. This is a full-time internship that requires a
flexible schedule. Our internship term begins in late August and runs through
mid-December. Interns will assist with Caucus meetings, Member outreach,
legislative work and data entry. Interns will also handle front office duties such as
answering phones, distributing mail, coordinating Capitol tours, and greeting
visitors. Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude and a great work
ethic. Candidates with prior Hill experience and familiarity with House
Democrats are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to
CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2017 Fall
Democratic Caucus Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-194-17

Representative Claudia Tenney (NY-22) seeks interns for the Fall Semester.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing
mail, answering telephones, attending hearings and briefings, entering data into
Intranet Quorum, processing flag requests, and any other office tasks. Ideal
candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written
communication skills. College credit is available if necessary. Preference will be
given to New York natives and those who have prior experience on Capitol Hill;
however, all are encouraged to apply. This internship is unpaid. Interested
applicants should send a resume and cover letter to Joan.Stanton@mail.house.gov
with “Fall Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-193-17

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the fall semester. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful
candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. California ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter and dates of
availability to Peter.Durkin@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-190-17

Fall 2017 Internship for the U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on
Homeland Security (Democratic Staff)
SUMMARY:
Page 14 of 17

Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with
legislative, policy and administrative support. The individual is required to
demonstrate exceptional research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Performs legislative and policy research.
• Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups
by:
o Researching background on witnesses and hearing topics.
o Finalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff.
o Delivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
• Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee.
• Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
o Answering Phones
o General office tidiness and maintenance
• Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and
policy negotiations, discussions and other activities.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least a sophomore in college. Coursework and experience in Political
Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related field is
preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written communication
skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines. Must be familiar
with Microsoft Office.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
elise.phillips@mail.house.gov.
MEM-189-17

Democratic office seeks a highly motivated individual with interest in the
legislative process to serve as an unpaid intern in the Washington, D.C. office for
the Fall. This position requires an individual to provide excellent constituent
service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting visitors, tours
and other information, answering telephone calls and noting constituents’
opinions, maintaining the front office, and general office administrative duties.
Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to
amber.milenkevich@mail.house.gov.

MEM-187-17

The Office of Congressman Austin Scott (GA-08) is seeking fall interns for the
Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
answering phones, giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, attending briefings,
conducting research on legislation, assisting with constituent correspondence and
supporting the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess excellent
writing and communication skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and a strong attention to detail. Georgia are ties preferred, but not
required. Interested candidates should email a resume, cover letter, and writing
sample (500 words or less) to amber.webb@mail.house.gov.
Page 15 of 17

MEM-186-17

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office in August. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter
and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-184-17

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking an unpaid press intern to
assist with fast-paced communications operation for Fall 2017. Qualified
candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can
work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following:
writing, editing, event support, social media (esp. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram)
and photography.
Intern duties may include:
-

Daily press clips
Answering phones
Drafting documents for distribution to media
Messaging & interview prep documents
Social media content development
Event photography
…and more!

Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, writing sample and
dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship”
in the subject field.
MEM-183-17

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated,
flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a
preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus,
but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail your resume, cover letter, and
a 1-2 page writing sample to lujan.tours@mail.house.gov.
Page 16 of 17

Please also include your possible start date in your email.
MEM-182-17

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as
recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its
Fall 2017 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member
services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support.
Please note that this is an unpaid internship. Interested applicants should send a
cover letter, resume, and available hours to intern.CHADEM@mail.house.gov
with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship.”

MEM-181-17

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Tom Reed is currently seeking full
– or part – time interns for the Fall 2017 semester. Ideal candidates should be
professional, dependable, and possess strong communication skills. Intern
responsibilities include answering phones, giving guided tours of the Capitol,
constituent correspondence, attending hearing and briefings, and other legislative
projects. Internships are unpaid, but are a great opportunity to gain professional
and educational experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
New York ties are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should send
their resume, cover letter, and a writing sample with the subject line “Fall
Internship” to alexander.schroder@mail.house.gov.

MEM-179-17

The office of Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart (FL-25) is currently seeking
applications for our fall internship program running from August 2017 through
the beginning of December. This position requires greeting guests and
constituents, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, and assisting in general day to day activities. While
unpaid, this position will strengthen your understanding of the legislative process
and give you firsthand experience of the operations necessary to run a
Congressional office. Qualified candidates will be hard working, possess strong
written and oral skills, and have the ability to work in a professional environment.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
Elizabeth.DosSantos@mail.house.gov.

Page 17 of 17

