________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 27, 2023

MEM-188-23

DC Office – Summer Internships
The DC office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently
accepting applicants for paid and unpaid summer internships (June - August
2023). The DC office offers two types of internships:
Legislative Internships
Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff by preparing briefing notes and
memos, researching legislation, tracking legislative activity, providing mail
program support, answering phones, inputting casework inquiries, attending
hearings, and advancing the Congresswoman’s legislative agenda.
Press Internships
Press Interns assist the communications staff by compiling clips, drafting social
media posts and press releases, creating digital content, and aiding the
Congresswoman’s communications efforts. Experience working in
communications is a plus.
-Ideal candidates for these internships possess strong communication skills, an
excellent attention to detail, an ability to succeed in a fast-paced workplace, and a
good sense of humor. Ties to Washington State are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF document
Page 1 of 17

to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Summer Internship-[LAST NAME]” in
the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship you are
applying for.
The deadline for applications is Tuesday, April 18, 2023, at 5 PM PT, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are
incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity,
national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information,
age, military service, or another non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants and
individuals in underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no
unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-186-23

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Spring 2023 session. This internship would start
immediately and last until early May 2023.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge of the
day-to-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled in
an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an ideal
fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government – however,
any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the legislative
staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping
with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. This will be an in-person
internship. Interested candidates should apply through our
website https://gregmurphy.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-181-23

The Office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking
interns for our Washington, D.C. and Los Angeles offices for the summer 2023
term.
Our office values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial
environment. We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to
grow. Interns will have great opportunities to learn from office staff and network
with others to make the most of their time with our office!
Intern Expectations
Page 2 of 17

Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service,
possess excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and
communication skills, work well in a team environment, and have a general
understanding of the US political system.
Internship Responsibilities
Legislative interns can expect to:
•Answer phones and assist in correspondence with constituents
•Greet constituents and office visitors
•Process tour requests and lead Capitol tours
•Handle mail
•Assist in processing casework
•Perform legislative research
•Work on other administrative tasks as directed
Press interns can expect to:
•Assist the Communications Director in drafting social media content and other
materials like press releases, website content, and newsletters
•Create graphic design posts for socials
•Compile daily press clips
•Edit video clips
•Maintain press lists
•Answer phones and assist in correspondence as needed
Internship Dates and Details:
Summer internships are slated to start at the end of May and go until the
beginning of August, with some flexibility. Interns are expected to work in
person in the office, Monday-Friday 9 a.m.- 5 p.m.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 5 p.m. ET on Friday, March 31.
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter
to:
•CA37.internships@mail.house.gov for DC office internship
•Johanna.Rodriguez@mail.house.gov for Los Angeles office internship
•Use the subject line “First name Last name – Summer 2023 Internship” in your
email.
Please reach out our intern coordinator, Lila Puziss, with any questions
at Lila.Puziss@mail.house.gov.
MEM-180-23

“Representative Kat Cammack (FL-03) seeks applicants for a full-time paid
internship for Summer 2023 (Internship would run from May through August
2023) in her Washington DC office.

Page 3 of 17

Intern responsibilities are, but are not limited to, answering phones, logging
constituent concerns, running errands in the Capitol, and aiding various staff in
the Member’s office.
Ideal candidates will be quick learners that have initiative, a strong work ethic,
strong communication skills, a positive attitude, and are timely. Undergraduate
and recent college graduates are preferred. Academic credit is available for
qualifying students. Internships are in-person and will require candidates to move
to Washington, D.C. for the duration of the internship.
Interested candidates should email with “Washington D.C. Intern Summer 2023”
in the subject line, their resume, cover letter, two references, and social media
handles to FL03.Internships@mail.house.gov (No drop-ins or phone calls). The
Deadline to apply is April 10th.
MEM-178-23

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks
interns for the upcoming Summer 2023 term.
Responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings, drafting and editing
constituent correspondence letters and memos, conducting research for the
legislative staff, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing
support for the day-to-day activities of the office. Our interns have the
opportunity to work either in person or virtually, but preference will be given to
applicants who can commit to working in person. Interns are paid via a monthly
stipend.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal-opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and one short writing
sample to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should
indicate their availability for Monday-Friday. The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM
ET on Friday, April 21st, 2023.

MEM-174-23

The Office of Congresswoman Laurel Lee (FL-15) is currently seeking
candidates for a paid Spring 2023 internship in her Washington D.C. office.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering and logging
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, drafting constituent letters,
performing legislative research, leading Capitol tours, and assisting with
communications tasks. The internship provides a valuable opportunity to
contribute to the daily operations of a congressional office and gain first-hand
experience with the legislative process.

Page 4 of 17

Ideal candidates will be team-players who have a strong work ethic, quality
written and verbal communication skills, possess a positive attitude and a
commitment to exceptional constituent service. Florida ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested candidates should submit their cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Hannah.So@mail.house.gov.
MEM-173-23

The Office of Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR-06) is seeking candidates
for a full-time (40-hours a week) summer internship in our Washington D.C.
office. This internship will take place June through August with a flexible start
and end date.
Interns will get an in-depth look at the operations and functions of a
congressional office, including policy, communications, office operations and
constituent services. Interns will get opportunities to attend hearings and
briefings; assist with constituent services; and research legislation.
Qualifications:
•Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
•Ability to speak courteously with constituents
•Ability to work independently and as a part of a team
•Attention to detail and eagerness to go above and beyond
•Professionalism and demonstrated interest in public service
•OR-06 ties are preferred, but not required
Compensation information:
•Interns will be paid $15 an hour
•Academic credit is available and should be arranged with your academic
institution
•This is an internship based in Washington D.C. Those who live outside of the
Washington D.C. area may be eligible to receive an additional $1,500
compensation to assist with housing over the course of the internship
The Office is an equal employment opportunity employer and, consistent with the
Congressional Accountability Act (“CAA”) and House Rule XXIII, does not
discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, parental status, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable
federal law.
This means that these factors will not be the basis for any hiring, discharge,
promotion, pay, benefits, or reassignment decision or action, or any other
personnel or job action affecting the terms, conditions, and privileges of
employment. Consistent with the CAA, the Office may, however, consider party
affiliation, domicile, and political compatibility in making employment decisions.

Page 5 of 17

Application:
We are currently accepting applications for an internship based in Washington
D.C.. We are not currently hiring in district, but applicants who are interested in
an internship based in Oregon's 6th district are welcome to apply for future
consideration.
To apply, please complete the online
form: https://salinas.house.gov/services/internships. Please note that you must
include your resume and cover letter. Rolling applications are open until April
3rd at 8:59 PM PST/ 11:59 PM EST.
MEM-172-23

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking an enthusiastic, highly
motivated press/digital intern to work in person in the Washington, DC office for
the summer 2023 session.
Press/Digital Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day
operations of our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities
to assist our communications staff. This includes, but is not limited to attending
press conferences, compiling press clips, drafting social media posts, drafting
press releases, talking points and other written materials, answering phones, and
sorting mail.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual and have strong writing and editing
skills. A working knowledge of digital content creation products (Adobe Creative
Suite, Canva, or equivalent products) is a plus. Preferred applicants have District
ties, though not required. This is a full time position that offers a monthly stipend.
Please submit your application with a one-page writing sample and graphic
design sample (if applicable) to meeks.house.gov no later than Friday April 14th
at 5 PM.

MEM-171-23

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking an enthusiastic highly
motivated legislative intern to work in person in the Washington, DC office for
the summer 2023 session.
Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day operations of
our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
legislative and communications staff. This includes attending congressional
hearings, writing memos, administrative tasks, answering phones, sorting mail,
and assisting staff.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and
editing skills. Preferred applicants have District ties, though not required. This is
a full-time position that offers a monthly stipend.
Page 6 of 17

Please submit your resume, cover letter, up to 2-page writing sample
to meeks.house.gov, no later than Friday April 14th at 5 PM.
MEM-166-23

Rep. Frost Internship
In the Washington, D.C. and district offices, internships run throughout the fall,
spring or summer semesters for college students. Students gain invaluable
educational experience from working in Congress. The hours can be flexible to
accommodate students' course schedules, but generally run 9:30 am to 4:30 pm, 5
days a week.
In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will vary. They may be asked to
answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process
and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Undergraduate students, recent college graduates and district ties preferred.
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should apply via https://frost.house.gov/services/internships
Cover letters should detail reasons for applying to the position. A stipend will be
given to accepted applicants. Deadline to apply is April 15, 2023.

MEM-165-23

Title: Internship (DC)
Salary Level/Range: Paid
Closing Date: March 31, 2023
Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03), Ranking Member of the House
Appropriations Committee, is seeking applicants for the Summer 2023 internship
program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates,
and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in
Congresswoman DeLauro's office combine administrative and legislative work.
Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.

Page 7 of 17

How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form
(tinyurl.com/5ak6snad or available at delauro.house.gov/services/internships)
along with a cover letter, resume, brief writing sample (1-2 pages), and two
reference contacts to Daniel.Robillard@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Summer 2023 Internship” by 11:59PM on March 31. Please send completed
application form and all application materials in a single PDF file.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.
MEM-159-23

The office of Congressman Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications for
part-time, paid internships for the Spring quarter.
The ideal candidate will have excellent communication skills, interest in the
legislative process, resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fast-paced
environment. Ties to the Bay Area or California are preferred, but not required.
Responsibilities include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and hearings, and other
tasks as assigned. The Spring term begins mid-April and ends mid-June with
flexible start and end dates. Work will be in-person.
To apply, please submit a resume and cover letter as one PDF including
availability to MullinInternships@gmail.com. Email subject line should follow
the following format: LastName, FirstName – Spring Internship. Additionally,
please note any ties to the Bay Area or California in the body of your email.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-155-23

The Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe seeks candidates for its
Max Kampelman Fellowship program.
Kampelman Fellowships last three months, with fellows expected to work 30
hours per week. Fellows are paid $25 per hour and are offered ongoing
enrichment, professional development, and networking opportunities facilitated
by senior commission staff. Policy and communications fellowships are
available.
The Kampelman Fellowship program is open to recent undergraduates (the
beginning of the fellowship term should be less than one year since graduation),
Page 8 of 17

current graduate students, and undergraduate students with previous internship
experience. All Kampelman Fellowship candidates should have a keen interest in
learning more about international affairs, the inner workings of Congress, and the
relationship between the legislative and executive branches in the realm of
foreign policy. Proficiency in a second OSCE language is an asset.
We are currently accepting applicants for Summer 2023 (May 22 – August 25):
Applications will be accepted from February 1st, 2023 to March 31st, instructions
can be found at https://www.csce.gov/about-csce/join-our-team/max-kampelmanfellowships
MEM-149-23

The Office of Representative Scott Fitzgerald (WI-05) is seeking full-time and
part-time interns for the summer in our D.C. and Oconomowoc office.
Duties will include, but not limited to, answering constituent calls, assisting in
sorting and distributing mail, performing research and assisting the legislative
team, attending briefings, and administrative work as needed.
Candidates should be interested in public policy and be detail-oriented,
motivated, organized, and willing to learn. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. Wisconsin ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, please visit our website
at https://fitzgerald.house.gov/services/internships. If you have any questions,
please contact Reagan Harrison at reagan.harrison@mail.house.gov.

MEM-147-23

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) is seeking motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individuals for a legislative internship in
Washington, DC for Summer 2023.
This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to dive into the inner workings
of Capitol Hill and learn about the legislative process. This is a stipend-paid
position.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly
encouraged to apply. This position may be in-person or hybrid, depending on the
public health guidelines surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic at the time of the
internship.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting constituent correspondence
on a variety of issues, assisting legislative staff with research, leading Capitol
tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office,
participating in Committee hearing and markup preparation, drafting
memorandums, and other duties as necessary.
Page 9 of 17

This position is available beginning mid-May 2023 through mid-August 2023.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to the
Intern Coordinator, Kriti Korula, at kriti.korula@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Garcia Summer Internship Application”. Applications will be accepted until
March 30, 2023. Due to the large volume of applicants, only those applicants who
are selected for interviews will be contacted.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-146-23

D.C Legislative Intern
PAID Internship Opportunity: Office of Congressman Chris Pappas NH-01
Serving as an intern on our team is an exciting opportunity to work closely
alongside staff and develop professional skills in a Congressional office setting.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work
cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written
communications skills.
An internship in the Washington, DC office encompasses a variety of tasks and
assignments such as answering phones, greeting visitors, giving tours, writing
letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be assigned to
work with the legislative team and outreach staff to assist with legislation, special
projects, writing, and/or research. As a result, interns learn about the legislative
process and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Apply
To apply for an internship, please submit your resume, cover letter, and one short
writing sample (no longer than two pages)
to Pappas.Internships@mail.house.gov with “[Last Name] Internship Application
– [Season] 2023 ” in the subject line.
In your email, please also specify your specific dates and times of availability.
The deadline for Summer applications is Sunday, April 9 at 11:59 pm.
Current appropriations law prohibits the use of federally appropriated funds to
pay the compensation of U.S. government employees whose post of duty is in the
continental U.S. unless that person, generally:
1.Is a U.S. citizen;
2.Is a lawful permanent resident and has applied for (or affirms that he or she will
apply for) citizenship within six months of first becoming eligible to apply (and
the person must complete the citizenship process within two years of applying,
Page 10 of 17

but delays attributable to the processing of the application do not count toward
the two-year deadline);
3.Is admitted as a refugee or is granted asylum and has filed a declaration of
intention to become a lawful permanent resident and subsequently a citizen when
he/she is eligible to do so; or
4.Is a person who owes allegiance to the U.S. (e.g., nationals of American Samoa,
the Swains Island, or the Northern Mariana Islands; and nationals who meet other
requirements described in 8 U.S.C. § 1408).
See Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022, Pub. L. No. 117-103, div. E tit. VII,
§ 704 (2022).
MEM-144-23

Congresswoman Brittany Pettersen’s Washington DC and District offices are
seeking paid congressional interns for Summer 2023. The internship is in-person
and will run from late May to August. Dates are flexible. This internship is open
to undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
This internship provides students a firsthand understanding of the functions of a
congressional office and the legislative process. Intern responsibilities vary but
include answering phones, sorting mail, researching legislation for the Member
and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, giving tours of the Capitol
building, and drafting press releases and constituent letters on various issues.
Additionally, the office encourages and will facilitate networking opportunities
for interns and staff members.
Internship hours are flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules, but
generally run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. EST in the DC office, and 9:00 a.m. to
6:00 p.m. MT in the District office. Applicants must be able to commit to
working at least 20 hours a week. Applicants with Colorado ties are prioritized.
Internships are eligible for a paid monthly stipend.
To apply for the DC position, please send an email with your resume, cover letter
and writing sample to Hannah.illathu@mail.house.gov with “[Your Last Name]
Summer 2023 DC Internship” in the subject line. For the district position, please
send an email with your resume, cover letter and writing sample
to David.clark@mail.house.gov with “[Your Last Name] Summer 2023 District
Internship” in the subject line. Please include dates of availability in your
submission.
If submitted after April 15th, applications will only be considered on a rolling
basis.

MEM-143-23

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for Summer 2023.

Page 11 of 17

Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, (including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample) to https://cartwright.house.gov/services/internships.htm. No phone calls
or drop-ins please.
MEM-142-23

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking summer interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned. Successful
candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working, detailoriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player. Nevada ties
are strongly preferred. Nevada residents will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Summer Legislative Intern” in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-136-23

The Honorable Robert C. "Bobby" Scott, Ranking Member of the House
Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks full-time Fellows to work for the
Committee (Democratic Staff).
Duties may include, but are not limited to, researching and the drafting of
legislation, memos, talking points, and letters, covering congressional briefings.
Candidates should have completed at least one year of law school, have strong
legal research abilities and written and oral communication skills, and be capable
of managing themselves and taking initiative. Indicate your area of interest and
your writing sample should support your interest and expertise: Health Policy,
Education Policy, Labor Policy, Pensions, Oversight, Disability, Workforce
Development, and Workplace Safety. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form below to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating
Page 12 of 17

type of “Fellow” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the requirements
will not be considered.
MEM-135-23

The Honorable Robert C. "Bobby" Scott, Ranking Member of the House
Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks full-time or part-time law
students to intern for the Committee (Democratic Staff).
Duties may include, but are not limited to, researching and the drafting of
legislation, memos, talking points, and letters, covering congressional briefings.
Candidates should have completed at least one year of law school, have strong
legal research abilities and written and oral communication skills, and be capable
of managing themselves and taking initiative. Indicate your area of interest and
your writing sample should support your interest and expertise: Health Policy,
Education Policy, Labor Policy, Pensions, Oversight, Disability, Workforce
Development, and Workplace Safety. Can receive academic credit. No phone
calls or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form below to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating
type of “Legal Intern” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the
requirements will not be considered.

MEM-134-23

The Honorable Robert C. "Bobby" Scott, Ranking Member of the House
Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks full-time committee interns for
paid and unpaid internships.
Duties may include, but are not limited to, assisting with administrative tasks,
answering phones, processing mail, legislative research, writing memos, and
attending briefings and hearings. This is a fast-paced office; multitasking and
attention to detail are required. Interns can receive academic credit. No phone
calls or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form below to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating
type of “Committee Intern” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the
requirements will not be considered.

MEM-133-23

Summer 2023 Internship Position:
The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (DC-00) is seeking to
hire a motivated, detail-oriented, current college undergrad student, graduate
Page 13 of 17

student, or recent graduate wishing to gain constituent-oriented internship
experience in the DC District Office.
District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, conducting research,
assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the
District Director. As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions
of our impactful District office.
The term of this internship will be from June 2023---August 11th, 2023. The
internship is paid full-time internship, interns must work at least 30 hours a week,
and will be provided a travel stipend. Typical hours for internships are Monday
through Thursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm, although hours may be flexible to
accommodate students' hectic course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at
least one reference to norton.casework@mail.house.gov.
The deadline to apply is 9:00 am EST, Tuesday, April 11th. District ties are
encouraged but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
MEM-126-23

The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated
candidates for a paid Summer 2023 internship position in our D.C. office.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills,
can multi-task, and is committed to being a team player. Responsibilities will
include answering phones, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the needs of
the Congresswoman’s staff.
The internship will run from the beginning of June through the first week of
August, from 9am-6pm when Congress is in session and from 9am-5pm when
Congress is not in session. Ties to Nevada’s First District are strongly preferred.
The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status. Women, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of
other historically marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and short (1-2 page)
writing sample to Ciara.Donovan@mail.house.gov with “[FIRST NAME, LAST
NAME] Summer 2023 Internship Application” in the subject line. Applications
will be accepted until Friday, March 31.

Page 14 of 17

MEM-125-23

POSITION: Internship
TYPE: Paid
OFFICE: House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
DETAILS: The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs offers internships in our
Committee office in Washington, DC. The program is offered in the Spring,
Summer, and Fall semesters.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, recent college
graduates, and students enrolled in graduate school.
RESPONSIBILTIES:
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail
•Conducting tours of the Capitol
•Assemble press and news clips
•Performing other duties as assigned
APPLICATIONS:
Click here to apply. If you have trouble accessing the application form, please
email austin.mathis@mail.house.gov
•You will need a cover letter, resume, and references to apply. Writing sample is
optional.
•If you are selected for an interview, our office will contact you
•Applicants are reviewed on a rolling basis

MEM-124-23

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for the summer of 2023. This is a hybrid position— hours are worked
remotely and in-person. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
Page 15 of 17

outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.
MEM-054-23

Summer Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Summer 2022. The internship is in-person and will run
from late May to early August. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Summer 2022 Internship” to Jerome.Vainisi1@mail.house.gov, or by
applying through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships

MEM-597-22

House Democrat seeks a paid Legislative Fellow to assist senior legislative staff
with a wide variety of legislative topics and tasks. The Legislative Fellow will
gain experience in preparing for committee hearings and markups; developing
and advancing legislation; drafting speeches; and meeting with constituents and
other stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will possess superb written and oral communication skills;
have some policy experience; and will enjoy collaborating with others in a fastpaced environment.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Page 16 of 17

Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to housedemjobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Fellow” in the subject line.

Page 17 of 17

