________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 8, 2018

MEM-012-18

The office of Congresswoman Martha McSally is seeking spring interns for the
Washington, D.C. office with an immediate start date. Responsibilities include,
but are not limited to, conducting Capitol tours, corresponding with constituents,
researching legislative issues, attending committee hearings, and assisting the
Member and staff with data management.
Interns will be expected to work a minimum of 24 hours per week, with
preference given to candidates who can work full time. Ideal candidates are selfstarters with strong interpersonal skills, writing capabilities, and attention to
detail. Interested candidates should email resumes to AZ02Intern@gmail.com.

MEM-011-18

The Committee on House Administration Democratic staff is currently seeking a
full-time, unpaid intern for the 2018 Spring Semester. Interns will have various
responsibilities in assisting staff with administrative duties, franking, and
legislative research. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
sorting franking requests, compiling hearing materials, and assisting with front
office duties. Candidates must exhibit strong writing, communication and
organizational skills. Spanish fluency is a plus. Please send a resume and brief
writing sample in PDF format to Sydney.burns@mail.house.gov with “Spring
Congressional Internship” in the subject line.
Page 1 of 9

MEM-010-18

Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Washington,
D.C. team for a full-time or part-time, unpaid internship during spring 2018, for a
duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and
writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hardworking intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more
complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous
internship and/or work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a one-page writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to
capuano.intern1@mail.house.gov.

MEM-009-18

The Office of Congressman Chris Smith (NJ-04) is seeking applicants for an
unpaid internship in the Washington, DC office for spring 2018. Duties include,
but are not limited to, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the
Capitol, attending hearings and briefings, sorting and distributing mail, drafting
correspondence, and assisting with research tasks. Candidates should possess
strong writing and communications skills as well as attention to detail. All majors
are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume, writing sample, and a list of
references to NJ04.scheduling@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship 2018” in
the subject line.

MEM-007-18

Congressman Erik Paulsen’s office is currently accepting applications for unpaid
internships in the Washington, D.C. office.
A Congressional internship offers applicants an exciting opportunity to support
staff while learning about the daily operations of the Legislative branch. Interns
will assist the staff with constituent services, communications, administrative
tasks, and legislative research. Congressman Paulsen’s Internship Program is
designed primarily for the educational benefit of the participant. Interns working
in the District Office have the opportunity to contribute to the office’s interaction
with the surrounding community through constituent services, local events, and
community meetings. Interns in the Washington, D.C. Office will gain insight
into the federal government and the legislative process by working closely with
staff and attending hearings and briefings. Candidates should have a strong work
ethic, be highly organized and motivated, and possess a positive attitude.
This internship is unpaid. College credit, if applicable, will be provided. MN ties
preferred but not required. Qualified applicants should send their cover letter and
resume to Peter Dudziak at Peter.Dudziak@mail.house.gov.

Page 2 of 9

MEM-006-18

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Davis is seeking full and part time interns
for the Winter/Spring term in our Washington D.C. office. Great candidates are
passionate about Democratic issues, great communicators, and flexible. Duties
include letter writing, research opportunities, and constituent contact. Internship
candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per week.
Internship applications are evaluated on a rolling basis for fall, spring and
summer sessions. While we encourage all enthusiastic and hard-working
applicants, being a constituent of California’s 53rd District is a plus!
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume and a list of three
references with the subject line “Winter 2018 Internship” to our Intern
Coordinator at ca53dcinternapp@mail.house.gov. Ties to San Diego and the CA53rd District are preferred but not required. This position is for the Spring
Semester/Winter Quarter.

MEM-005-18

California Democratic Member is seeking a qualified applicant for a temporary
paid internship in his Capitol Office. Responsibilities include corresponding
with constituents, leading tours of the Capitol, and significant administrative
duties. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, and have an ability to multitask and be flexible in a fastpaced environment. Multilingual applicants, particularly those speaking Spanish,
are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume,
and 2-3 page writing sample to CAJobs@mail.house.gov no later than January
10, 2018.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-004-18

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) has immediate openings for unpaid fulltime and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be
motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability,
and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a
plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter –
including desired start date, and a 1-2 page writing sample to
Lujan.Tours@mail.house.gov.

MEM-002-18

Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking full or part-time congressional
interns for her Washington, D.C. office for Winter 2018 (mid-January to May).
This internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fastpaced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties
include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members
Page 3 of 9

with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to
attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be
motivated, detail-oriented and possess strong communication and writing skills.
Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a resume and
cover letter with the subject line “Winter Internship” to
timothy.huebner@mail.house.gov.
MEM-513-17

Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton’s Capitol Hill office is seeking strong
undergraduate, graduate, and recent graduate candidates for the spring internship
program.
Description
Responsibilities will include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting
legislative research, attending briefings/hearings, drafting memos, performing
administrative tasks, assisting with constituent relations, and managing the front
office. The internship gives students the opportunity to interact directly with the
inner workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process.
Requirements
Applicants should be professional, hardworking, and enthusiastic with strong
writing and communication skills. Reliable, responsible, and personable
individuals are more likely to thrive in this position.
Qualified applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a two-page writing
sample to Priscilla.Kim@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Norton
Internship.” District ties are required. Both full and part time positions require a
minimum three-month commitment, are unpaid, and will be considered on a
rolling basis.
No phone calls or drop ins, please.

MEM-510-17

Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking interns to work in his
Washington, DC office for the Spring semester. Intern responsibilities include
greeting guests in the front office, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol
building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have
the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a
positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication
skills. Those interested should send their resume and cover letter to
caleb.baca@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so
there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to
accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties preferred but not required.

MEM-506-17

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be professional,
quick learners, and phenomenal team players, and should be able to begin in
Page 4 of 9

January 2018. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative,
administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points,
attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours
of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and
managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-504-17

California Democratic Member is seeking a qualified applicant for an internship
position in his Capitol Office. Responsibilities include corresponding with
constituents, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting with projects including press
and legislative research, and administrative duties as needed. The staff member
will have the opportunity to attend briefings and hearings on the Hill as well as
network and learn from senior staff. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess
strong oral and written communication skills, and have an ability to multitask and
be flexible in a fast-paced environment. Multilingual applicants, particularly
those speaking Spanish, are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should
apply at the following link:
https://vargas.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internshipapplication.

MEM-503-17

Congressman Ed Perlmutter seeks an intern to conduct administrative duties in
his Washington, DC office. The successful candidate must be a strong team
player, polite and friendly with constituents, and willing to assist other staff
members in various items. Colorado connections are highly preferred.
Primary Responsibilities: Responsible for greeting guests, taking/distributing
messages appropriately, taking care of general office needs, writing memos and
letters to constituents, attending briefings for staff and performing back-up duties
as necessary. This person will also be expected as needed to conduct personal
tours for constituents and assist them on their visit to D.C. Additional
responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•

Communicate with constituents over the phone.
Conduct personal tours of the Capitol.
Interact with constituent outreach program, Fire Side.
Attend hearings and briefings for staff.
Respond to constituent requests for information.
Page 5 of 9

•
•
•
•

Perform general administrative duties.
Sit in on meetings with staff and outside organizations.
Work with other staff members on writing letters to constituents.
Intern Project: Research legislation and pitch co-sponsorship to
Congressman Perlmutter.

Please send a résumé and cover letter via email to tia.bogeljic@mail.house.gov.
Location: Washington, D.C.
MEM-502-17

The Office of Congressman Al Lawson (FL-05), is seeking full – or part – time
interns for Spring and Summer ’18 semesters in the Washington D.C. office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting in legislative research,
answering phone calls, attending briefings, greeting front office visitors, and
leading tours of the Capitol. Ideal candidates will have a strong attention to detail,
an enthusiasm for the political and congressional processes, strong writing skills,
and the ability to thrive in an energetic office environment. To apply, please send
a resume, cover letter, short writing sample (1-2 pages), and work availability to
amber.milenkevich@mail.house.gov.

MEM-501-17

The Office of Representative Nydia Velázquez (NY-7) is seeking candidates to
intern in the Washington, D.C. office from January through May 2018. Interns’
responsibilities will include a wide range of tasks including: answering phones,
greeting visitors, drafting letters, researching policy matters for the Member and
legislative staff, and responding to constituent letters and requests. Candidates
should have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and have excellent
interpersonal skills. Strong writing skills are a plus. As Ranking Member of the
Committee on Small Business, some interns may be assigned to the Committee
on Small Business.
To apply to intern in the DC office, please send your resume to
Melissa.Jung@mail.house.gov. Due to the high volume of applicants, a response
is not guaranteed. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-500-17

West Coast Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional
organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in their
Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent
constituent service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting
constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls
and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general
office administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and
work well in a team environment. Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to
westcoastgopinternship@gmail.com.

MEM-499-17

Rep. Steve Womack (AR-03)

Page 6 of 9

Congressman Steve Womack is currently seeking hard-working interns in his
Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2018 semester. Interns will work closely
with Congressman Womack’s staff and constituents while learning the inner
workings of the United States Congress and about issues affecting
Arkansans. Duties include, but are not limited to, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, sorting constituent mail, answering phones, attending hearings and
briefings, and assisting staff members. Those interested in political science,
government, public policy, business, and social work are encouraged to
apply. Congressman Womack is a member of the Appropriations Committee,
and serves on the Defense, Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related
Agencies, and Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related
Agencies subcommittees. He also sits on the Budget Committee. Any interested
candidates should send a current resume and cover letter to
hannah.shea@mail.house.gov.
MEM-498-17

The office of Congressman Jeb Hensarling (TX-05) is seeking capable, detailoriented, and responsible candidates for an unpaid internship in their
Washington, D.C. office this fall. Responsibilities include greeting visitors,
taking phone calls, giving tours of the Capitol to constituents, sorting mail, and
assisting the staff with various administrative and legislative tasks.
Candidates should demonstrate excellent organizational and interpersonal skills,
as well as a strong work ethic and positive attitude. Interns will have the
opportunity to learn a great deal about the political process and our system of
government. Hours for interns are 8:30am to 6:00pm when Congress is in
session, and 9:00am to 5:00pm out of session, Monday through Friday.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
Hensarling.Tours@mail.house.gov. Use the subject line: Spring 2017 Internship
Application. Texas ties are strongly preferred.

MEM-497-17

A Georgia Republican office is accepting applications for internship positions
for our Washington, D.C. location. Positions are available beginning in January
and will last until May. Duties include, but are not limited to, attending
Congressional hearings, researching legislative policy, responding to constituent
inquires, and leading tours of the Capitol. Qualified applicants should possess a
professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability
to multi-task, attention to detail, and interest in the legislative process. All majors
are encouraged to apply. Please send your resume and a cover letter to
GA06Interns@mail.house.gov.

MEM-496-17

Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) is seeking applications
for internship positions available in his Washington, D.C. office. Positions are
available starting immediately, and applications will be considered on a rolling
basis. This internship provides a great opportunity to gain experience working in
a Congressional office and get a first-hand look at the legislative process.
Page 7 of 9

Intern duties include performing research for staffers, supporting legislative and
communications activities, helping with front office operations, assisting with
constituent relations, and giving tours of the Capitol. Candidates should be selfstarters with excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask effectively
and think critically, attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative and
governmental process.
This internship presents an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. Southern California ties are preferred,
but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color,
national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and
minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should email a
resume and cover letter to CA34.internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship
Application” in the subject line.

MEM-493-17

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Spring 2018. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are
preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to md06.internships@mail.house.gov with “Spring Congressional Internship” in
the subject line.

MEM-492-17

Internships are offered in Congressman Keith Rothfus’ Washington, D.C. office
during the spring, summer, and fall semesters. Currently, we are accepting
resumes for Sping and Summer 2017. Hours can be flexible to accommodate
student course schedules, but generally run 9:00AM – 6:00PM. Internships are
unpaid and academic credit may be available depending on the student’s
academic institution. Duties will include, but are not limited to: answering
phones, leading constituent tours, processing mail, researching issues, drafting
correspondence, attending hearings and briefings, and maintaining the front
office. Qualified candidates should have excellent writing and communication
skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced working environment, and have an
interest in the legislative process. Students may email resumes to
kirsten.hasler@mail.house.gov. Pennsylvania ties are preferred, but not required.

MEM-491-17

Congressman José E. Serrano is currently seeking interns for the Winter/Spring
term for his Washington, D.C. office! We are looking for energetic and driven
individuals who are eager to learn. Congressman Serrano represents New York’s
15th Congressional District and serves on the Appropriations Committee.
Candidates must be self-starters, detail oriented, have excellent writing and
communication skills, and be able to multi-task. The internship involves
researching legislative issues, assisting with incoming mail, attending lectures
and hearings, giving Capitol tours, working with legislative staff on special
Page 8 of 9

projects and assisting with other general office duties. Please note that this is an
unpaid internship, if you are seeking college credit our office would be happy to
assist in that. New York ties a plus, but not necessary. Please email your cover
letter and resume to Alexis.Philbrick@mail.house.gov with Winter/Spring
Internship in the subject line.

Page 9 of 9

