________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 30, 2023

MEM-059-23

Republican Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is seeking paid, in-person
interns for his Washington, DC office for the Summer 2023 term.
Functioning as a key part of the staff, our interns help draft constituent
correspondence, memos, and press releases, research legislation, take phone calls,
and assist with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or
recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fastpaced setting.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. California ties are preferred, but not required and academic credit is
available for qualifying students.
Interested applicants should email their resume, cover letter, and dates of
availability to savannah.coughlin@mail.house.gov with “Summer 2023
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-057-23

The office of Congressman Emanuel Cleaver, II (D-MO) is accepting
applications for a paid in-person summer internship. Current college students
and recent college graduates are welcome to apply.

Page 1 of 9

Responsibilities include sorting constituent mail, answering the phones, attending
hearings and briefings, leading tours, drafting constituent response letters, and
assisting the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have strong written and interpersonal skills, a positive
work ethic, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once. The ideal candidate can
work a full-time schedule with operating hours of 9:00 am to 6:00 pm when
Congress is in session and 9:00 am to 5:00 pm when Congress is in recess.
Kansas City and Missouri ties are a plus.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and a one-page writing sample in
a single pdf to MO5internships@mail.house.gov with “Cleaver Internship
Summer 2023” as the subject line. Additionally, candidates must include their
intended start and end date in their cover letter. Applications are accepted on a
rolling basis until February 28th. Please, no phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins.
MEM-054-23

Summer Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Summer 2022. The internship is in-person and will run
from late May to early August. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Summer 2022 Internship” to Jerome.Vainisi1@mail.house.gov, or by
applying through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships

MEM-053-23

The Office of Congressman Robert Garcia (CA-42) is currently hiring for a Paid
Part-Time Press Intern position (Spring 2023) to work in the Washington, D.C.
office. The internship will run through early May 2023.
The Press Intern works closely with the communications team.
Primary educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily clips
• Drafting press releases and other written materials
• Maintaining press lists
Page 2 of 9

• Creating graphics for social media
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have
previous intern experience in communications.
All qualified applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are
encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
Interested applicants should send a one page resume, 3 relevant sample tweets,
and a social media/graphic design example
to sara.guerrero@mail.house.gov and marissa.davis@mail.house.gov with “Full
Name - Spring Press Intern 2023” in the subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-049-23

The House Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time digital
intern position this spring.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling
and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn are a must. This position reports to
the Communications Director. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-047-23

The Office of Democratic Congressman Eric Sorensen (IL-17) seeks paid Press
Interns for the D.C. office.
This internship is a great opportunity for individuals with a strong desire to gain
public service experience and insight into Capitol Hill. We are hiring
immediately. Hours may be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules,
although student status is not required. The duration of the internship will be
through approximately April 30, 2023. Start date may be flexible. This is an inperson internship. While Press Interns will work closely with the
Communications staff, they will assist all teams with day-to-day office tasks.

Page 3 of 9

Duties include but are not limited to:
• Answering phone calls
• Greeting office visitors
• Intaking constituent comments
• Coordinating tour requests
• Compiling daily clips
• Drafting press releases and other written materials
• Maintaining press lists
• Creating graphics for social media
• Assisting with updates to the Member’s official social media channels
• Attending congressional briefings and hearings
• Drafting constituent correspondence
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have
previous intern experience in communications. We are looking for candidates
with an eagerness to learn, customer service skills, and a strong interest in public
service.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual
orientation, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. We strongly encourage members of underrepresented
communities to apply, including working students, returning students, and
students who are parents to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and 2-3 references
to emma.millspaugh@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name - DC
Spring Intern.” Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-046-23

The Office of Democratic Congressman Eric Sorensen (IL-17) seeks paid Interns
for the D.C. office.
This internship is a great opportunity for individuals with a strong desire to gain
public service experience and insight into Capitol Hill. We are hiring
immediately. Hours may be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules,
although student status is not required. The duration of the internship will be
through approximately April 30, 2023. Start date may be flexible. This is an inperson internship.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Answering phone calls
• Greeting office visitors
• Intaking constituent comments
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Coordinating tour requests

Page 4 of 9

• Attending congressional briefings and hearings
• Assisting operations, communications, and legislative staffers with various tasks
Other duties will be based on the intern's interests. We are looking for candidates
with an eagerness to learn, customer service skills, and a strong interest in public
service.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual
orientation, or age. We strongly encourage members of underrepresented
communities to apply, including working students, returning students, and
students who are parents to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and 2-3 references
to emma.millspaugh@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name - DC
Spring Intern.” Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-044-23

The office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is currently
hiring a Paid Full Time Spring Press Intern to work in the Washington, D.C.
office.
The press intern will work closely with the communications team in a fast-paced,
battleground Congressional office. The internship will begin in January and run
through early May 2023.
Responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily clips
• Drafting press releases and other written materials
• Maintaining press lists
• Creating graphics for social media
• Assisting with updates to the Member’s official social media channels
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have
previous intern experience in communications.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Interested applicants should send a resume, one writing sample (or cover letter),
and any additional social media/graphic examples that they wish to include
to ca37staff2022@gmail.com with “Full Name - Spring Press Intern” in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-039-23

The DC office of Congressman Dan Goldman seeks a Press Intern, a Legislative
Intern, and a Law Clerk to start this February. All are paid positions.
Page 5 of 9

The Press Intern will have the opportunity to work on a busy press team
compiling press clips, drafting press releases and other written materials,
maintaining press lists, assisting with press events, drafting social media content,
developing graphics, processing constituent mail, and drafting constituent
responses among other duties. College students and recent graduates are welcome
to apply.
The Legislative Intern will have the opportunity to work on an active legislative
team to attend briefings, draft memos, conduct research, assist with constituent
meetings, monitor the floor, and assist with events as well as with processing
constituent mail and drafting constituent responses among other duties. College
students and recent graduates are welcome to apply.
The Law Clerk will have the opportunity as a law student or recent graduate to
conduct research, monitor legislation, represent the member in
meetings/briefings, assist with preparing materials for committee hearings,
markups, and events, draft oversight letters, support with processing constituent
mail, and draft constituent responses among other duties.
We are proudly an office that is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, military status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Special consideration will be given to candidates from underrepresented
backgrounds, those with ties to NY-10, who speak a second language, are firstgeneration, have lived experiences that will allow them to bring diverse
perspectives to the work they do, and those with prior Congressional Internship
experience so please include this information in your cover letter.
To apply for one of these positions, please send a resume, a cover letter, and a
writing sample as one PDF to ny10goldmanresumes@gmail.com with “Full
Name - [Press Intern/Legislative Intern/Law Clerk]” as the subject line.
MEM-036-23

The Office of Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks interns for the Largo,
MD office. This internship is a great opportunity for individuals with a strong
desire to gain public service experience and to serve the constituents of the
Fourth District of Maryland.
Duties include but are not limited to:
• Answering phone calls
• Greeting office visitors
• Intaking constituent casework
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Attending local meetings and events

Page 6 of 9

• Assisting District staffers with various tasks
Other duties will be based on the intern's interests. This is a paid internship
opportunity. The desired start date is February 6, 2023. Ties to Maryland’s 4th
congressional district and Spanish language proficiency are preferred but not
required. We are looking for candidates with an eagerness to learn, customer
service skills, and organization skills.
This office is an Equal Opportunity Employment Office and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual
orientation, or age. We strongly encourage BIPOC-identifying individuals and
members of other underrepresented communities to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, a writing sample of 1-3 pages, and 2
references to maryam.hassanein@mail.house.gov with the subject line District
Intern Application.
MEM-027-23

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Spring 2023 session. This internship would begin in
January and last until early May 2023.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge of the
day-to-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled in
an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an ideal
fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government – however,
any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the legislative
staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping
with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. This will be an in-person
internship.
Interested candidates should apply through our
website https://gregmurphy.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-023-23

The Office of Congresswoman Laurel Lee (FL-15) is currently seeking
candidates for a Spring 2023 internship in her Washington D.C. office.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering and logging
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, drafting constituent letters,
Page 7 of 9

performing legislative research, leading Capitol tours, and assisting with
communications tasks. The internship provides a valuable opportunity to
contribute to the daily operations of a congressional office and gain first-hand
experience with the legislative process.
Ideal candidates will be team-players who have a strong work ethic, quality
written and verbal communication skills, possess a positive attitude and a
commitment to exceptional constituent service. Florida ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested candidates should submit their cover letter and resume
to hannah.so@mail.house.gov.
MEM-022-23

The Office of Congresswoman-Elect Valerie Foushee (NC-4) is seeking to hire a
paid intern for her Durham Office.
District Intern responsibilities include (but are not limited to) answering phones,
conducting research, assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent
correspondence, community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the
discretion of the District Director. As a result, the intern will gain invaluable
knowledge about our district and will be an integral part of the functioning of our
District Office.
The term of this internship will be from January 2023---May 2023. Part-time
interns must work at least 10-15 hours a week, Monday-Friday, hours may be
flexible to accommodate students' course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and at least
two references to NC04Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-008-23

Republican Congressman Pat Fallon (TX-04) currently seeks full-time interns
for a paid internship in his Washington D.C. office for the Spring 2023 and
Summer 2023 semesters. Current college students and recent graduates are
welcome to apply.
Intern responsibilities will include answering and logging constituent phone calls,
drafting correspondence, and assisting staff with legislative research and
administrative duties.
The ideal candidate should be interested in public policy, politics, and
government and is willing to learn more about the legislative process to serve the
constituents of Texas’s 4th Congressional District. Candidates with strong writing
and communication skills are encouraged to apply and must be ready to work in a
rapid environment. Texas ties are preferred, but not required.

Page 8 of 9

To apply, please send your resume and cover letter
to randy.mai1@mail.house.gov.
MEM-597-22

House Democrat seeks a paid Legislative Fellow to assist senior legislative staff
with a wide variety of legislative topics and tasks. The Legislative Fellow will
gain experience in preparing for committee hearings and markups; developing
and advancing legislation; drafting speeches; and meeting with constituents and
other stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will possess superb written and oral communication skills;
have some policy experience; and will enjoy collaborating with others in a fastpaced environment.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to housedemjobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Fellow” in the subject line.

Page 9 of 9

