________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 29, 2016

MEM-266-16

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks a
qualified graduate or undergraduate press intern for the fall semester 2016. An
internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Press interns will compile daily news clips, draft news
releases and social media content, conduct research, and assist with
administrative tasks such as updating media lists. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings, media briefings or media events on
subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction. A background in journalism,
public relations or general communications is preferred, but not required.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two
references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.

MEM-265-16

Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern
for her Washington, D.C. office for fall 2016 (September-December). This
internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fastpaced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties
include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members
with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to
Page 1 of 11

attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be
motivated; detail orientated and possesses strong communication and writing
skills. This is a great opportunity for college students or recent graduates seeking
Hill experience. Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a
resume and cover letter to kevin.dollhopf@mail.house.gov.
MEM-264-16

The Office of Congressman Jody Hice (R-GA) is seeking full-time and part-time
interns for the 2016 Fall Semester. Applicants should be motivated, detailoriented, and energetic with excellent oral and written communication skills.
Individuals should demonstrate strong interpersonal skills and ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong computing skills, and have a sound work ethic.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: answering and screening
telephone calls, organizing and managing the front office, greeting constituents
and visitors, giving tours of the Capitol, monitoring media hits, writing
constituent letters and social media posts, assisting with the planning, preparation
and execution of Member events and appearances, assisting staff with special
projects, research and assignments, attending community events, and other duties
as necessary. Although the internship is unpaid, interns will gain valuable
firsthand experience in a Congressional setting. Georgia ties are preferred, but not
required. Hours are flexible, and can be shaped around class and work
commitments. Interested applicants should send their resume and cover letter to:
Nadgey.Louis-Charles@mail.house.gov. In the subject Line, please put First
Name Last Name: Internship Application.

MEM-263-16

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting
and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned.
The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and three writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject
“Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-262-16

The Office of Congressman Michael Capuano (D-MA) is looking for full-time
interns to aid our administrative and legislative team at the Washington, D.C.
office. Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending
legislative hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail, leading
tours of the U.S. Capitol, and assisting in any other special projects/tasks that
may arise. Applicants should be self-motivated, reliable, hardworking, and have
strong communication skills. Massachusetts ties preferred, but not required.
Fall internships start in late August and run through December. Internships are
unpaid, but academic credit is available.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a one-page writing
sample in PDF format to eliza.ramirez@mail.house.gov.

MEM-261-16

Democratic Member of the House seeks an unpaid intern for their DC office.
Responsibilities include assisting staff with general office duties, drafting
Page 2 of 11

constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones,
researching legislative issues, giving Capitol tours, greeting visitors and
performing various other tasks. Candidates should be energetic, enthusiastic and
able to thrive in a fast-paced working environment. Strong communication skills
are a must. Candidates should have a general understanding of the governmental
process, knowledge of North Carolina, and interest in the legislative process. If
interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample via email to:
nc12internjobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or walk-ins. Minorities,
LGBT and women are encouraged to apply. North Carolina ties preferred, but not
required.
MEM-260-16

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the Winter 2016 semester. Interns will
work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will
have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence,
as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press
events. Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening
and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative
tasks. This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant
attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to
work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and resume.
Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted for
consideration.

MEM-259-16

A Member of the House Financial Services Committee is currently seeking full –
or part – time interns for the fall 2016 semester in Washington DC. Intern
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to
the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should
send a resume, cover letter, and availability with the subject line “Fall 2016
Internship” to houseintern16@gmail.com.

MEM-258-16

Congressman Coffman seeks hard-working, enthusiastic legislative interns for
the Fall 2016 semester in his Washington, DC office. Interns are responsible for:
giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering constituent calls, sorting constituent
correspondence, assisting legislative staff with research and writing, processing
U.S. flag requests, attending Congressional briefings and hearings, and attending
Page 3 of 11

events with the Congressman as necessary. Applicants should have strong written
and oral communication skills, exceptional interpersonal skills, and have
demonstrable interest in public policy and government. Attractive applicants will
have completed at least 60 credit hours of undergraduate coursework. Those with
Colorado ties and professional proficiency in Spanish are encouraged to apply.
Applicants should be aware that this is an unpaid internship that tentatively lasts
from September through December 2016. To apply, please visit:
http://coffman.house.gov/services/internships.
MEM-257-16

The Office of Congressman Jared Polis (CO-02) is currently seeking full or part
time interns for the Fall 2016 semester in his Washington, D.C. office. The
internship is scheduled to run from August to December, but can vary depending
on the candidate’s availability. Ideal candidates would be reliable, professional,
and possess strong writing and communication skills. Candidates must be willing
to work in a fast paced environment and be prepared to assist legislative and
communications staff as necessary. Responsibilities include, but are not limited
to: sorting constituent correspondence, conducting Capitol tours, answering
phones, attending hearings and briefings, and drafting constituent letters.
Internships are unpaid, but offer a great opportunity to gain professional
experience and learn more about the legislative process. Undergraduate students
or recent college graduates preferred. Colorado ties a plus, but not required.
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send
a resume and cover letter in PDF form to: tom.clancy@mail.house.gov.

MEM-255-16

The office of Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (NE-01) is seeking full and part-time
interns for the fall semester in its DC office. Interns engage in a variety of tasks,
and their responsibilities are assigned based on interests, capabilities, and the
needs of the office. Interns will have the opportunity to hone their legislative
research and writing skills and interact with senior legislative staff; attend
hearings and briefings on Capitol Hill; assist with media/communications tasks
and gain proficiency in IQ; and participate in our office’s top priority, constituent
outreach, by leading tours, greeting visitors, and answering phones. Exceptional
interns in the past have gotten opportunities to write constituent letters and
contribute to constituent and staff meetings on and around Capitol Hill. If you are
interested in applying for one of the most robust internship programs on the Hill,
please submit a cover letter including the reason you would like an internship in
Congressman Fortenberry’s office, your résumé, two writing samples, and
references to NE01internships@gmail.com.

MEM-254-16

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Fall 2016.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity
to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings
of a Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative
Page 4 of 11

research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting
constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and hearings.
Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing
sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with
"2016 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be
accepted.
MEM-252-16

Moderate Senior Democratic member seeks unpaid interns for Fall 2016
(approx. September – December) in a fast-paced Congressional Office where they
will gain valuable exposure to and knowledge of the legislative process and the
United States Congress.
Applicants should be positive, motivated, organized and reliable individuals
willing to assist with the legislative and administrative needs of the staff. Duties
include greeting constituents, answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
opening and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research and
various other tasks to assist staff. Applicants must have strong written and oral
communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with
little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team
environment, and possess a strong attention to detail. Northern California
connections are preferable.
Please send resume, cover letter, and availability (both availability during the
week as well as a start and end date), three references and a one page writing
sample to DCIntern.Thompson@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2016 Internship” in
the subject line. We will hire until spaces are filled. No phone calls please.

MEM-251-16

The office of Representative Bruce Poliquin is accepting applications for
internships in Washington, D.C. for Fall 2016. The internship will offer students
and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process.
Interns work side by side with experienced full-time staff, and play an integral
part in the daily operations of the office. A typical day for our interns includes
welcoming folks to the office, researching legislation for the Congressman and
policy staff, and answering constituent calls and letters on various issues before
the House. Ties to Maine are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates
should send their resume and cover letter to Poliquin.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-250-16

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democrats is a legislative
office in the U.S. House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over
a broad array of education and labor policy areas, including K-12 education,
higher education, employer/employee relations, worker safety, and employer
provided health care. Representative Robert C. “Bobby” Scott (VA-03) serves as
Ranking Member.
The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democrats is currently seeking
graduate and legal interns and fellows to work on labor policy as well as general
undergraduate interns for the fall of 2016. Legislative tasks may include, but are
not limited to, legislative research, assembling information, assisting staff in
Page 5 of 11

hearing and markup preparation and execution, memo and legislative writing, and
attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of
taking notes.
Interested applicants should email their application materials to
jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please include your resume, a cover letter and the
internship applicant information form. Graduate students and fellows should also
include two short, relevant writing samples.
Please visit our internship at http://democratsedworkforce.creative.house.gov/about/internships for complete information on
how to apply.
MEM-249-16

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a press intern
for our Washington, D.C. office for the fall of 2016. Candidates should be well
organized, have good oral and written communication skills, and possess a strong
interest in learning about press operations, the political process, and
congressional affairs. The intern will assist in the day-to-day operations of a DC
Congressional office by supporting members of staff with press clips and
constituent communication and will help to draft press releases, prep memos, and
social media posts, in addition to assisting with legislative research and
administrative activities. Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please
note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume,
writing sample, and cover letter to Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or
walk-ins please.

MEM-248-16

Internship Position in House Democratic Caucus Chairman Xavier Becerra’s
Office Washington, D.C. — Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his
Leadership office to begin March or April. Responsibilities include (but are not
limited to) transcribing videos, collecting press clips, live-streaming briefings,
supporting the Operations team in preparing Caucus events, answering phones,
providing constituency outreach support to Democratic Members of Congress
and their staff, conducting research, extracting and formatting large quantities of
data, writing detailed memos, attending relevant briefings and meetings, and
assisting with team projects. Applicants should be motivated, detail-oriented,
possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and be able to
problem solve and multi-task. Experience or interest in social media is a plus.
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic credit or
congressional internship/fellowship program participants. The intern should be
prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please send a cover
letter and resume to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-247-16

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
seeking interns for the fall semester. Interns are asked to work with staff to help
prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on substantive
research and oversight projects in addition to press matters. Furthermore, interns
Page 6 of 11

will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as
answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-246-16

The Office of Congressman Brad Wenstrup is seeking interns for this fall.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, answering phones, matching
constituent mail to appropriate staffers, giving constituents tours of the Capitol,
and writing memos for staff on policy briefings. Interns may also occasionally be
asked to run errands for staff and complete special projects. Applicants should
have a strong work ethic, excellent communication skills, and an interest in
politics/policy. All interested should email a resume and cover letter to
oh02interns@gmail.com.

MEM-245-16

The Office of Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson is seeking unpaid interns
for the Fall 2016 semester in the Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities include
assisting the administrative and legislative staff with writing, legislative research,
constituent services, and attending various briefings and hearings. Candidates
should be self-motivated, detail oriented, and possess strong oral and written
communication skills. This is an excellent opportunity to gain experience on
Capitol Hill while learning about the legislative process. Texas ties are preferred,
but not required. If you are interested in this internship opportunity, please e-mail
a cover letter, resume, references and a short writing sample to
Nawaid.Ladak@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or walk-ins.

MEM-244-16

The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking fulltime interns for fall of 2016 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates
would be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and
communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent
correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are
unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants.
The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well
as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be
willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more
about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
wi06resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-243-16

The office of Congressman Tom Reed (NY-23) is currently seeking full – or part
– time interns for the Fall 2016 semester in his Washington D.C. office. The
internship is scheduled to run from August to December, but can vary depending
on the availability of the applicant. Ideal candidates should be professional,
dependable, and possess strong communication skills. Intern responsibilities
include answering phones, giving guided tours of the Capitol, constituent
correspondence, attending hearing and briefings, and other legislative projects.
Page 7 of 11

Internships are unpaid, but are a great opportunity to gain professional and
educational experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
New York ties are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should send their
resume, cover letter, and a writing sample with the subject line “Fall Internship”
to samara.brown@mail.house.gov.
MEM-242-16

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) D.C. office seeks interns for the Fall
semester. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and
maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude.
This position demands the ability to multi-task, high efficiency and strong
organizational skills as well as an ability to work cooperatively and courteously
with others. Duties include: answering telephone calls, responding to general
constituent inquiries and requests for tours, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and providing administrative assistance to the DC staff.
Undergraduate students or recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a
plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should
send a resume and cover letter to: olivia.hodge@mail.house.gov.

MEM-241-16

Washington, D.C. — The House Democratic Caucus seeks a full-time press
intern for intern for August 2016 and/or Fall 2016.
Intern responsibilities include assisting with press clips, video production and
editing, photography, graphic design, tracking metrics, transcribing interviews
and supporting team projects.
Applicants should be self-starters, motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent
verbal and written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and
multitask. Experience in Adobe Suite, particularly Photoshop, Illustrator, and
Premiere, and proficiency in Spanish highly preferred.
Experience and interest in press operations and the congressional process is a
plus. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students or Congressional internship
program participants.
Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter detailing availability, and
references to elizabeth.lopez-sandoval@mail.house.gov.

MEM-240-16

Congressman Keith Ellison (D-MN) seeks a Legislative Fellow for a fast-paced
and busy Washington, DC congressional office. The fellow will work on
financial services issues including banking and capital markets, energy and
environment, small business, Native American, arts and humanities, and other
issues. Ideal candidates must have strong writing and verbal briefing skills,
analytical skills and a proactive approach to current issues. The fellow should be
punctual, responsible and trust-worthy. Candidates should have sharp attention to
detail, good time management skills, a positive attitude and commitment to
inclusive prosperity and environmental sustainability. This is an unpaid
fellowship although we will work with programs which provide stipends for
Page 8 of 11

fellows. The position begins in August/September and runs through December.
Please send cover letter, resumé and writing sample by August 12, to
MN05fellow@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-237-16

Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking
motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions for the fall. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates
should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing
to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Louisiana ties
are a plus but not required. If you are a student we are happy to work with your
college or university to arrange for academic credit. Please send a résumé and
cover letter in PDF form to LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-236-16

Legislative Internship Description:
Nevada Republican seeks a legislative intern for August 2016 and/or Fall 2016.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure
and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern
responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls,
opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with
administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative
research, and assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings,
congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Legislative Internship Qualifications:
Our office is looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as
well as part of a team environment. Applicants should have working knowledge
of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to do assist with daily
office tasks. Nevada ties strongly preferred.
Legislative Internship Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit a minimum of three full days a week (9:00am6:00pm). Students welcome to apply. Those interested please send cover letter,
updated resume, and references to austin.slaughter@mail.house.gov.

MEM-235-16

The Washington, DC, office of a high profile Member of Congress has unpaid
internship openings to begin immediately through November. Interns are
expected to work long hours and commit between 3-5 days per week. Internship
duties include, but are not limited to compiling and daily clips, drafting press
Page 9 of 11

releases and op-eds, proofreading and editing, maintaining press lists, updating
Member's communications calendar, website and social media platforms. Intern
must also assist with answering phones, incoming and outgoing mail, addressing
constituent concerns, and assisting the Legislative/District office staff. Strong
writing skills are needed. Additionally, graphic design experience and a strong
understanding of new media and social media platforms is recommended.
Candidates with video editing experience are a plus.
The ideal candidate will be creative, motivated, mature, detail-orientated, and
possess the ability to multi-task under high pressure. This is a great opportunity
for college students and recent graduates. Women and minorities, especially those
with Spanish language fluency, are highly encouraged to apply. New York ties
are a plus. To apply for the position, please send your cover letter, resume,
writing sample, and graphic/video portfolio (if applicable; hyperlinks ok)
addressed to the Legislative Correspondent at
CBR.Intern13@mail.house.gov with the subject: Fall Intern.
MEM-233-16

Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) seeks highly-motivated, qualified interns
with excellent research and communication abilities to join his district offices in
Palm Desert and Hemet, California as part of the Fall 2016 Congressional
Internship Program. Although congressional interns are unpaid they are
considered an integral part of the office and are given an opportunity to expand
their knowledge about public policy and the legislative process.
Congressional intern responsibilities may include, but are not limited to,
conducting research for staff members, assisting staff at community or public
events, attending meetings, transcribing documents, and providing general
constituent services in the form of answering phone calls. Congressman Ruiz’s
internship program also features staff-lead workshops designed to develop
essential and professional skill that students may apply in any setting. Students
interested in applying for a congressional internship in one of the offices of
Congressman Raul Ruiz have the opportunity to apply to the Fall 2016 session.
Fall 2016 applications will be accepted on a rolling basis with priority given to
applications received by Sunday, August 21, 2016. Prospective interns should
complete an internship application (available here) attach their resume, and
submit to Tony Aguilar at tony.aguilar@mail.house.gov.

MEM-232-16

The office of Representative Kevin Yoder (KS-03) is looking for both full- and
part-time interns this fall. Our Washington interns will be exposed to a wide
range of activities on Capitol Hill. They will be asked to answer phones, research
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and
answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns will need to
be able to communicate professionally, balance multiple tasks at once, and have a
teachable attitude. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative process, the
various functions of a Congressional office, and the way things work on Capitol

Page 10 of 11

Hill. It is an invaluable opportunity for both educational and professional
development.
Interested applicants should email resumes directly to
taylor.huhn@mail.house.gov.
MEM-231-16

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
legislative interns for the Fall 2016 semester in our Washington, D.C. office.
Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining
valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include providing
constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee hearings,
performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours,
and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and
written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All
internships are unpaid. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief
writing sample to nick.greene@mail.house.gov with “2016 Pocan Fall
Internship” in the subject line. WI ties are a plus!

Page 11 of 11

