________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 3, 2023

MEM-334-23

The Office of Congressman Brian Mast (R-FL-21) is currently accepting
applications for the part-time summer internship program in the Washington,
D.C. office. The internship will run from August to December.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting
staff with administrative duties, projects, legislative research and drafting
constituent correspondence.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a
general understanding of the legislative process, and possess strong written and
oral communication skills. Florida ties are not necessary.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and a cover letter
to mckayla.swan@mail.house.gov. Please use the subject line “Summer 2023
internship.”

MEM-333-23

A GOP Texas Member of Congress seeks a paid, full-time Press/Digital Fellow
for the fall semester.
Responsibilities include drafting digital content and graphics, assisting with the enewsletter, media monitoring, and assisting the Press Assistant and
Communications Director with various communications-related tasks.

Page 1 of 14

The ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills and experience using Canva
and/or Adobe Creative Suite.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and both a writting and
digital sample to maddie.bruno@mail.house.gov
MEM-331-23

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (DC-00) is seeking to
hire a motivated, detail-oriented, current college undergrad student, graduate
student, or recent graduate wishing to gain constituent-oriented internship
experience in the DC District Office.
District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, conducting research,
assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the
District Director. As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions
of our impactful District office.
The term of this internship will be from September 5th, 2023---December 14th,
2023. The internship is paid full-time internship, interns must work at least 30
hours a week and will be provided a travel stipend. Typical hours for internships
are Monday through Thursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm, although hours may be
flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, 1 writing sample on a
current issue, and at least one reference to norton.casework@mail.house.gov.
The deadline to apply is 9:00 am EST, Tuesday, August 11th. District ties are
encouraged but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.

MEM-330-23

Rep. Mike Collins (GA-10) is currently seeking full-time or part-time interns to
work in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2023 term.
Intern responsibilities include communicating directly with constituents, in-depth
policy research, assisting the communications team, leading Capitol tours, and
performing administrative tasks. Interns will also be able to attend exclusive
lectures, sit in on committee hearings, and participate in press events. Ideal
candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, excellent communication
skills, and a willingness to learn.
Those interested should send their resume
to Jonathon.Hatz@mail.house.gov with "Fall 2023 Internship" in the subject line
or fill out our internship form here: https://collins.house.gov/services/internships.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis. If you have any questions, please do
not hesitate to reach out. This is a paid internship.
Page 2 of 14

MEM-327-23

The House Democratic Caucus is currently seeking candidates for paid
internships for the 2023 Fall term (late August – mid-December). Internships are
full-time and in-person in our Washington, DC office. Current college students
and recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interns support the daily operations of the Caucus office and the ideal candidate
will be dependable, professional, detail-oriented and an efficient multitasker. The
House Democratic Caucus offers three types of internships with the following
responsibilities:
Press: Compiling daily clips, drafting press releases and other written materials,
maintaining press lists, and assisting with press events and other Caucus events
and meetings. Spanish fluency is a plus.
Digital: Drafting digital copy for the Caucus official social media channels,
collaborating on creative graphic and video content, and assisting with press
conferences and other Caucus events and meetings.
Operations: Greeting guests, answering phones, monitoring and responding to the
Caucus email inbox, attending briefings and drafting memos, assisting with
Caucus Meetings and events, helping Member offices and various day-to-day
office tasks.
The House Democratic Caucus is an equal opportunity employer; we do not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital
status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable
federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require a reasonable accommodation
to participate in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes. Proof of COVID-19
vaccination will be requested.
Interested applicants should submit an application using the link below and send
a resume, cover letter, and one-page writing sample
to Intern.DemCau@mail.house.gov with “[Full Name] - Fall 2023
[Press/Digital/Operations] Intern” in the subject line. Digital applicants should
also submit 1-2 digital samples.
The deadline to apply for our Fall cohort is Friday, July 14, 2023.
Application
Link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe_TlyAZ_iq4zRvg2GvHPK
GCWi8TjGfouq_ZOKbWWOwY4B7Wg/viewform?usp=sf_link

Page 3 of 14

MEM-324-23

The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns for
Fall 2023 (September – December).
Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we
seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
eager to learn about committee process.
Interns will conduct legislative research, prepare for hearings, assist with
administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid communications.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the
needs and concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and
orientations. Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and
social inequality in the U.S., and has a passion for working to dismantle these
systems.
Primary responsibilities include:
•Assist with administrative duties
•Assist with legislative and policy projects
•Research legislation, regulations, and public law
•Assist with communications and outreach
•Respond to requests for information
•Attend briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work inoffice when Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a
monthly stipend of $3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring process are encouraged to request an accommodation at any
time during those processes.
To apply, address your application materials to Rachel Jones (Staff Assistant)
at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “HNRC Fall Internship
Application – First Name Last Name” by close of business on Friday, July 7,
2023. Include a cover letter, résumé, a short writing sample, and your availability
during the Fall Internship timeframe (September – December).
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates who
are being actively considered for this position.

Page 4 of 14

MEM-322-23

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Fall 2023.
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
*Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
*Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 20 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District.
The deadline to submit applications is July 28, 2023, at 11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ+
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ+
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-320-23

PAID Internship Opportunity: Office of Congressman Chris Pappas NH-01
Serving as an intern on our team is an exciting opportunity to work closely
alongside staff and develop professional skills in a Congressional office setting.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work
cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written
communications skills.
An internship in the Washington, DC office encompasses a variety of tasks and
assignments such as answering phones, greeting visitors, giving tours, writing
letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be assigned to
work with the legislative team and outreach staff to assist with legislation, special
Page 5 of 14

projects, writing, and/or research. As a result, interns learn about the legislative
process and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Apply
To apply for either a DC or District internship, please submit your resume, cover
letter, and one short writing sample of no longer than two pages
to Pappas.Internships@mail.house.gov with “[Last Name] Internship Application
– [Season] 2023 [DC/DOVER/MANCHESTER]” in the subject line.
In your email, please also specify your specific start and end dates and times of
availability throughout the week.
The deadline for DC Fall applications is Wednesday July 5 at 11:59 pm.
District Fall applications will open Monday July 10 and close Sunday July 28 at
11:59 pm.
Current appropriations law prohibits the use of federally appropriated funds to
pay the compensation of U.S. government employees whose post of duty is in the
continental U.S. unless that person, generally:
1.Is a U.S. citizen;
2.Is a lawful permanent resident and has applied for (or affirms that he or she will
apply for) citizenship within six months of first becoming eligible to apply (and
the person must complete the citizenship process within two years of applying,
but delays attributable to the processing of the application do not count toward
the two-year deadline);
3.Is admitted as a refugee or is granted asylum and has filed a declaration of
intention to become a lawful permanent resident and subsequently a citizen when
he/she is eligible to do so; or
4.Is a person who owes allegiance to the U.S. (e.g., nationals of American Samoa,
the Swains Island, or the Northern Mariana Islands; and nationals who meet other
requirements described in 8 U.S.C. § 1408).
See Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022, Pub. L. No. 117-103, div. E tit. VII,
§ 704 (2022).
MEM-318-23

“Republican Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is seeking paid, in-person
interns for his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2023 term.
Functioning as a key part of the staff, our interns help draft constituent
correspondence, memos, and press releases, research legislation, take phone calls,
and assist with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or
recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fastpaced setting.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a

Page 6 of 14

must. California ties are preferred, but not required and academic credit is
available for qualifying students.
Interested applicants should email their resume, cover letter, and dates of
availability to savannah.coughlin@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2023 Internship” in
the subject line.”
MEM-317-23

The Democratic staff of the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is
seeking passionate and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time
internships.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly
in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative
operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive Branch officials and stakeholders for the purpose of taking notes. Law
students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff.
Applicants should have an interest in public service and a desire to learn. They
also must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be selfmotivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Hours
can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the office full-time are preferred.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Fall 2023 Legal Internship” in the subject line. Please attach the resume
and cover letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.

MEM-316-23

The Office of Congressman Robert Garcia (CA-42) is currently hiring for a paid
part-time press intern position to work in the Washington, D.C. office. The
internship will run through late August 2023.

Page 7 of 14

The Press Intern works closely with the communications team. Primary
educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily clips
• Drafting press releases and other written materials
• Maintaining press lists
• Creating graphics for social media
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have
interest in political communications.
All qualified applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are
encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
Interested applicants should send a one-page resume, and 2 relevant sample
tweets to sara.guerrero@mail.house.gov and marissa.davis@mail.house.gov with
“Full Name –Summer Press Intern 2023” in the subject line. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-311-23

"The Washington D.C. Office of Congressman Anthony D’Esposito is looking
for highly motivated individuals for their fall internship program.
Candidates should be able to work efficiently in high stress, fast moving
environments and handle multiple projects at the same time. Duties include
answering phones and speaking with constituents, greeting guests in the front
office, assisting the legislative and communications teams, and leading
constituent tours. Interns will get a unique look behind the scenes of the federal
legislative process and will gain valuable public policy experience. Ties to the
district are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should submit their applications
to https://desposito.house.gov/services/internships for consideration."

MEM-308-23

“The Office of Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) seeks
exceptional students that are committed to public service to serve as interns in
our DC and DE offices this fall.
The fall internship is from August – December 2023 and is open to college
students and recent graduates. In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will
vary and include answering phones, researching legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent
letters on various issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.
Page 8 of 14

In the district offices, interns may be asked to help with day-to-day office work
such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with media clips. In
addition, interns may be assigned to work on various constituent casework issues
and Delaware-based special projects.
To apply, please send one compiled PDF of your resume, a cover letter that
describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and the
contact information for two references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov,
indicating the office (DC, Wilmington, or Georgetown) and the term you are
applying for in the subject line (i.e. “DC Fall 2023 Internship – NAME”).
Please note in the cover letter or body of the email if the internship is for school
credit. No phone calls, emails, or drop-ins please. “
MEM-304-23

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Fall Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting constituent correspondence
•Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
•Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
•Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Emily.Kastenberg@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall
Legislative Internship, NAME” by July 24th, 2023. Please include availability in
the cover letter and compile all application materials into one PDF document.

MEM-303-23

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) D.C. office seeks interns for the
upcoming Fall 2023 semester.
The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is
committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This
position demands the ability to multi-task, strong organizational skills and must
work cooperatively and courteously with others in a shared space.
Duties include: attending hearings and briefings on behalf of the Congresswoman
and legislative staffers, working directly with the communications team on press
strategies, answering telephones, compiling daily press clips relevant to the
office’s priorities, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
administrative assistance to the D.C. staff.
Page 9 of 14

Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties
a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit the below application with a resume and
cover letter in a single PDF file. Cover letter should details reasons for applying
to the position. A stipend will be given to accepted applicants.
Deadline to apply is Monday, July 10, 2023 by COB (5pm). If 100 applicants
have applied, applications will close before the deadline.
Please apply via https://frankel.house.gov/constituent-services/internships.htm
If you have any questions please feel free to contact me via email
at amaris.graham@mail.house.gov
MEM-302-23

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
with our DC office for the Fall 2023 session. The internship would begin August
21 and last until December 15.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge over the
day-to-day happenings within Congress. Additionally, interns co-currently
enrolled in an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship
is an ideal fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government –
however, any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the
legislative staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours,
and helping with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate or graduate student or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should address their application materials to Katonya
Pettaway at Interns.NC03@gmail.com. Applications should include a cover
letter, resume, and what the individual’s internship schedule may look like.

MEM-299-23

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking full-time and part-time paid
interns for the Fall 2023 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
Page 10 of 14

responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings/hearings, performing
legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects.
Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent communication
skills, a strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public service and
progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by an outside
organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter stating availability,
short writing sample, and three references
to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with the subject “2023 Fall Internship
Application – FirstName LastName” by Sunday, July 16th.
MEM-298-23

DC Digital Production Intern
Congressman Seth Moulton is seeking a driven Digital Production Intern to join a
fast-paced communications team for the Fall.
General Information:
The internship is in-person and based out of our Washington, D.C. office.
Preference will go to applicants available to join us full-time. A financial stipend
will be provided.
Duties and Expectations:
●Clipping and preparing videos from press hits and hearings
●Assisting in drafting social media graphics, copy, and posts
●Drafting press releases and our biweekly newsletter
●Helping maintain and updating the Congressman’s website
●Conducting research and providing staff support for the communications team
Candidates must:
●Be familiar with Adobe Illustrator or Photoshop **(please indicate both or
which on your resume)
●Have strong written and oral communications skills
●Have advanced creativity and artistic ability
●Ability to handle multiple tasks on tight deadlines
●Be a team-player
Submission:
Questions about the position and any applications should be emailed
to michael.suchecki@mail.house.gov
●Please submit a resume, cover letter, and three or more samples of your digital
Page 11 of 14

work
●Please include “Digital Production Intern” in the subject line
●Note that applications will close at 11:59pm July 16, 2023.
Inclusion Statement:
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equalopportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
MEM-297-23

Team Moulton is seeking exceptional students interested in foreign policy and
national security to participate in the Fern Holland International Affairs
Fellowship Program.
This is a full-time, paid foreign policy fellowship for Fall 2023. This opportunity
is based on financial need and is only open to candidates who are Pell-grant
eligible. The fellowship is in our Washington, D.C. office. Recent college
graduates, and students currently enrolled in graduate school are preferred. Under
very rare circumstances the office will also hire undergraduate students.
Team Moulton is looking for hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to strengthening our democracy. This fully-funded
fellowship covers the cost of housing, transportation, and food with a stipend.
Women, people of color, and members of other underrepresented communities
are especially encouraged to apply.
This fellowship offers an in-depth look into a career of service to our nation.
Fellows will be expected to perform rigorous research, advise senior staff and the
Congressman on important issues, and craft policies in international affairs and
national security, in addition to some regularly assigned intern responsibilities.
To apply, please fill out the internship application form
at moulton.house.gov under the ‘Services’ tab and attach a cover letter and
resume, or click the link HERE. If you have trouble accessing the application
form, please email kaitlyn.dinh@mail.house.gov.
If selected, you will be required to submit a FAFSA form. We are accepting
applications for Fall through July 16, 2023 at midnight. Feel free to call our office
with any questions you may have at (202) 225-8020 or email our internship
coordinator, Kaitlyn Dinh (kaitlyn.dinh@mail.house.gov)

MEM-296-23

Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his Salem office and
Washington D.C. office in Fall 2023.

Page 12 of 14

Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, recent college
graduates, students currently enrolled in graduate school. Under very rare
circumstances the office will also host high school students. A financial stipend
will be provided.
RESPONSIBILITIES
●Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk
●Taking notes at briefings and hearings
●Categorizing and responding to constituent mail
●Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents
●Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman
●Assembling press and news clips
●Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research
APPLICATIONS
Applicants can access the application here. or they can apply through the
internship portal at moulton.house.gov, under the ‘Services’ tab. If you have
trouble accessing the application form, please
email kaitlyn.dinh@mail.house.gov.
You will need a cover letter and resume to apply, in addition to filling out the
online application. We will review applications on a rolling basis, if you are
selected for an interview, a staff member will contact you. The application
deadline is July 16 at 11:59pm ET.
MEM-294-23

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Fall 2023 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.

Page 13 of 14

Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other congressional
offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability
to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov
MEM-597-22

House Democrat seeks a paid Legislative Fellow to assist senior legislative staff
with a wide variety of legislative topics and tasks. The Legislative Fellow will
gain experience in preparing for committee hearings and markups; developing
and advancing legislation; drafting speeches; and meeting with constituents and
other stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will possess superb written and oral communication skills;
have some policy experience; and will enjoy collaborating with others in a fastpaced environment.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to housedemjobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Fellow” in the subject line.

Page 14 of 14

