________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 22, 2018

MEM-385-18

The Office of Congressman Daniel Lipinski (D-IL-03) is currently seeking both
full and part time spring interns for the new 116th Congress in the Washington
D.C. office. As a new Congress should provide a number of opportunities,
prospective interns should have a love for politics and the legislative process, a
desire to learn, and a willingness to work hard in this fast-paced office.
Day to day intern responsibilities include: drafting constituent correspondence,
leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, working with legislative staff on policy issue
research, attending briefings and hearings, and answering phones. Interns will
work closely with legislative staff and will be given all the tools necessary to
learn to become a congressional staffer by the end of the internship.
Applications can be submitted via the email link at
https://lipinski.house.gov/internships/. Applications are due November 15th and
will be accepted on a rolling basis. They should include: your name, contact
information, university, year of graduation, dates you are available, and an
attached resume and cover letter. Third District of Illinois ties are preferred.
Please no drop ins.

MEM-384-18

“West Coast Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional
organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in their
Page 1 of 30

Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent
constituent service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting
constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls
and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general
office administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and
work well in a team environment. Candidates should be available to start ASAP.
Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to
westcoastgopinternship@gmail.com.”
MEM-383-18

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking legislative interns for the
Spring Semester. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience
in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or
all of the following: writing, editing, and event support.
Intern duties will include assisting with administrative and legislative tasks,
answering phones, processing mail, providing capitol tours, and attending
briefings. Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate
New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page
writing sample, and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with
“Spring Internship” in the subject field.

MEM-382-18

The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for spring 2019 Interns. We are seeking dependable, politically
conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and strong
work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional
and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is November 16 and these
materials should be in PDF format. Please visit budget.house.gov for the
application and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will
not be considered. Paid internships are available to any student working full time
and not receiving course credit.

MEM-381-18

The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for January 2019 Interns. We are seeking dependable, politically
conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and strong
work ethic. The dates for this internship will be from January 2 – January 31. It
will be a great opportunity for those who want to experience the transition into
the 116th Congress. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital
Page 2 of 30

MEM-378-18

support by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to:
compiling daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone
calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy
based projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students
pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in
government are encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through
your school. Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1
professional and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed
application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is
November 16 and these materials should be in PDF format. Please visit
budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and incomplete
application packets will not be considered. Paid internships are available to any
student working full time and not receiving course credit.
Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01), a Senior Member of the Energy and
Commerce Committee, seeks undergraduate or graduate students for full-time or
part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, D.C. office. Duties include, but
are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting
constituent correspondence, and providing research assistance to the legislative
staff. Qualified candidates will have strong communication skills and an interest
in the legislative process. Colorado ties are preferred but not required. The ideal
candidate will be able to intern at least two full days per week. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
DeGette.Internships@mail.house.gov

MEM-378-18

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) is seeking interns for his Washington office
in the spring. Spanish skills and Texas connection a plus. Send resume, brief
writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use the
subject line: Spring Internship Application. No drop-ins please.

MEM-377-18

The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for
unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Fall 2018. The internship will offer
students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative
process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors,
sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading
tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our
internship program begins in August until the end of December. First priority will
be given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter, a
short writing sample (1-2 pages) and work availability with the subject line “D.C
Fall 2018 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus but are
not required.

Page 3 of 30

MEM-376-18

The Office of Congressman David Price is currently accepting applications for
our Spring internship program running from January 2019 through May 2019.
This position requires greeting guests and constituents, answering phone calls,
leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent correspondence
letters, writing legislative memos, and assisting in general day to day activities.
While unpaid, this position ensures a wonderful work environment and will
strengthen your understanding of Congress and Washington. The internship
program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of major. Qualified
candidates will be hard working, possess strong written and oral skills, and have
the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested candidates should
submit their application here: https://price.house.gov/kids-students/internships
Should you have any questions, please reach out to our office via email at
nc04.intern@mail.house.gov

MEM-374-18

The Office of Congressman Kurt Schrader (D-OR) Winter and Spring 2019
Internship
The responsibilities of a congressional intern primarily focus on helping the
Congressman communicate with his 700,000-plus constituents by phone, letter,
and email; leading visiting constituents on tours of the historic US Capitol
building; as well as taking on any other assignments given by staffers based on
the interests/abilities of the individual intern. The position requires patience,
intellect, and exceptional people skills.
Congressman Kurt Schrader is a Democratic Representative elected to the US
House of Representatives in 2008. The Congressman is a veterinarian and farmer
who lives owns a farm in Canby, Oregon. Congressman Schrader currently serves
as a member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce (E&C), which
oversees a wide portfolio of issues ranging from health care to the environment.
In addition to his Washington, DC office staff, who deal principally with
legislative issues, the Congressman has two additional offices and staffs in Salem
and Oregon City, Oregon, who handle the fifth district’s casework.
Candidates should possess excellent communication skills both verbal and
written, an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress, and
have a familiarity with the fifth congressional district of Oregon.
Start date: January 7 (Flexible)
End Date: May 31 (Flexible)

Page 4 of 30

If you are interested, please email a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
adrian.ballinger@mail.house.gov
MEM-373-18

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
Legislative Interns in our Washington, D.C. office to start in January or
February. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while
gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include
drafting constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee
hearings, performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading
Capitol tours, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! Candidates
of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please submit a form on
our website at: https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressionalinternship-application or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2019 Pocan Winter/Spring Internship” in
the subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-372-18

Winter/Spring/Summer 2019 Internship in the Office of Congressman Ben
Ray Luján
Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time interns for his
Washington, DC office. Candidates should be enthusiastic, flexible, detailoriented, and available for 2-3 months. New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not
required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, guiding tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff with
projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should possess strong oral and written
communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a
good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico ties are strongly encouraged
to apply. Please email your desired availability and earliest possible start date to
NM03@mail.house.gov, with your application materials (resume, cover letter,
and a 1-2 page writing sample) attached as a single PDF and with “Internship
Application: [Your Name]” in the subject field.

MEM-370-18

The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for spring 2019 Interns. We are seeking dependable, politically
conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and strong
work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
Page 5 of 30

assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional
and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is November 16 and these
materials should be in PDF format. Please visit budget.house.gov for the
application and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will
not be considered. Paid internships are available to any student working full time
and not receiving course credit.
MEM-369-18

The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for January 2019 Interns. The dates for this internship will be from
January 2 – January 31. It will be a great opportunity for those who want to
experience the transition into the 116th Congress. We are seeking dependable,
politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and
strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital
support by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to:
compiling daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone
calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy
based projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students
pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in
government are encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through
your school. Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1
professional and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed
application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is
November 16 and these materials should be in PDF format. Please visit
budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and incomplete
application packets will not be considered. Paid internships are available to any
student working full time and not receiving course credit.

MEM-367-18

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for an internship in Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with
research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as
necessary.

Page 6 of 30

Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning in January,
2019. To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to
Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter.
MEM-366-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Steve Russell (OK-5) is seeking
candidates for full-time internships for Spring 2019. Interns will observe the
inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of
the legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours,
answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and
hearings, and working on special projects. Oklahoma ties are preferred, but not
required. Please send your resume and cover letter to
OK05.Internships@mail.house.gov, with "Internship Application" in the subject
line.

MEM-365-18

The office of a Republican Congresswoman is currently seeking highly motivated
full or part-time interns for the Spring 2019 semester. Intern duties include
performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing mail, answering
telephones, attending hearings and briefings, entering data into Intranet Quorum,
conducting tours of the Capitol, processing flag requests, and any other office
tasks. Ideal candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written
communication skills. College credit is available if necessary. Preference will be
given to New York natives; however, all are encouraged to apply. Interested
applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
Kathy.Vences@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-363-18

January 2019 Internship
The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for January 2019 Interns. The dates for this internship will be from
January 2 – January 31. It will be a great opportunity for those who want to
experience the transition into the 116th Congress. We are seeking dependable,
politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and
strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital
support by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to:
compiling daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone
calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy
based projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students
pursuing a Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in
government are encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through
your school. Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1
professional and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed
application to budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is
Page 7 of 30

November 16 and these materials should be in PDF format. Please visit
budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and incomplete
application packets will not be considered. Paid internships are available to any
student working full time and not receiving course credit.
MEM-362-18

Spring 2019 Internship
The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for spring 2019 Interns. We are seeking dependable, politically
conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and strong
work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional
and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is November 16 and these
materials should be in PDF format. Please visit budget.house.gov for the
application and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will
not be considered. Paid internships are available to any student working full time
and not receiving course credit.

MEM-359-18

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently
seeking undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for the Spring of 2019.
Specifically, we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal
interns and fellows for the education policy team and graduate and legal interns
and fellows for the labor policy team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that
support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include,
but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing
including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup
preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and
meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft
legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and
staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily
news clips. Applicants should be able to start in January and commit through
April/May. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and
internship applicant information form to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. If you
are applying for a graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short,
relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
Applicants should aim to submit their materials by November 2, 2018.
Page 8 of 30

MEM-358-18

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce is
seeking a professional, dependable, and enthusiastic student or recent graduate
for a paid communications internship (up to 40 hours week) working closely
with the press team on a variety of tasks. Duties will include drafting and posting
Committee web content and social media, basic photography, drafting press
releases and statements, press list maintenance, compiling and distributing daily
press clips, media monitoring, and other communications and administrative
tasks as assigned. Communications, journalism, public relations, public affairs, or
political science majors and recent graduates preferred. Prior communications
intern experience a plus. We will be accepting applications through November 1,
2018.
Please send a resume, brief cover letter, and one short writing sample to
edlaborpressjobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-357-18

The office of Congressman Walter B. Jones (NC-03) is currently seeking
applicants for an internship in either his Washington, D.C. or Greenville, N.C.
office for the Spring 2019 term. Interns in the Washington office help draft
constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, and
function as a key part of the staff. Interns also assist with answering phone calls,
providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the constituent flag request our
office receives. In the state office, interns will interact with constituents, work
with federal agencies, and participate in outreach projects in order to resolve
problems facing the people of Eastern North Carolina, as well as assist the staff
with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or recent
graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fast paced
setting. The ideal candidate possesses strong organizational, communication, and
writing skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a
must. Although the internship is unpaid, you will gain valuable professional
experience and an inside look at the lawmaking process on Capitol Hill.
Academic credit is available for qualifying students. North Carolina and/or
military ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should apply at
https://jones.house.gov/serving-you/internships by November 9th.

MEM-355-18

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Natural Resources is accepting
applications for unpaid Full-Time Legislative Interns for the Winter/Spring
2019 term. While working with the Committee, interns are provided the unique
opportunity to learn and experience the Congressional legislative process.
Applicants must be able to follow direction, work independently, possess clear
and concise writing skills, excellent research capabilities, and exceptional
interpersonal skills.
Page 9 of 30

Duties and responsibilities include:
•Research legislative policy issues
•Attend committee hearings, markups, briefings and meetings
•Conduct background studies
•Perform stakeholder outreach
•Answer phone calls
•Sort and distribute mail
•Compile data and statistics
•Draft correspondence
•Assemble committee documents
•Track House floor proceedings
Committee internships run concurrently with college semesters and/or quarters;
from January - April for winter/spring internships. Our office hours are from 9:00
a.m. to 6:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. Internships are unpaid but may be
used for college credit. Interns are responsible for lodging and transportation.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
addressed to Henry Wykowski. Title your email with the subject line "Legislative
Internship Application" and send to nrdems@mail.house.gov.
MEM-353-18

Congressman Dwight Evans (PA-02) is seeking highly motivated interns for the
spring semester (January – May 2019). Strong written and verbal communication
skills required. Must be dependable and a team player. Duties include answering
constituent phone calls and inquiries, leading Capitol tours, attending
congressional briefings and hearings, conducting research for legislative staff,
and compiling press clips. Interns will gain valuable professional experience and
inside knowledge of the legislative process on Capitol Hill.
Philadelphia or Pennsylvania ties strongly preferred but not required. Minorities,
women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply. This position is
unpaid, but we are happy to work with colleges and universities to provide
academic credit. Qualified candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
Chandler.Mason@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring 2019 Internship.”

MEM-350-18

The Office of Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke (D-NY09) of Brooklyn has an
immediate opening for a highly motivated press intern to join the D.C. Office.
Candidates must possess strong written and oral communications skills. Photo
editing and graphic design experience are a plus. The press intern will work
directly with the Communications Director and will draft press releases, talking
points, messaging memos and will assist with the execution of press conferences,
briefings, and press calls. The press intern will also assist with digital, social
Page 10 of 30

media, and other forward-facing communications. The Office of Congresswoman
Yvette D. Clarke is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to equal
treatment of all employees without regard to race, national origin, religion,
gender, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability or
other basis protected by law. Qualified candidates should send resume, cover
letter, and one writing sample to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please place
“PRESS INTERN” in the subject line.
MEM-349-18

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for
the spring 2019 session in his Capitol Hill office. The spring session dates are
January 14- May 17. The internship schedule is flexible to accommodate classes.
Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for
staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist
with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First
Congressional District are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should
e-mail their resume and cover letter to katie.mazzola@mail.house.gov before
October 31st. Please specify what your internship schedule may look like.

MEM-348-18

Congressman Paul Cook (CA-08) is seeking an Intern.
The Office of Congressman Paul Cook (CA-District 8), is seeking an Intern. This
opportunity will provide college level students, or recent graduates, hands-on
work with legislation regarding foreign policy, international relations, military
affairs, and defense policy in a Republican office. Interns will learn about the
intricacies of the legislative process and how the House of Representatives
operates.
Responsibilities:
•Explore policy ideas and perform research projects
•Attend Congressional Hearings
•Assist staff with legislative research
•Answer telephones
•Lead constituent tours
Qualifications:
•Exceptional oral and written communication skills
•Ability to work in a group or with constituents and remain professional and
courteous at all times
•Excellent organizational skills

Page 11 of 30

•Responsible and dependable
•Eager to learn attitude
If you would like to apply for our internship program please contact our Intern
Coordinator, Bert Johnson, at Bert.Johnson@mail.house.gov with your Resume,
Cover Letter, and availability range.
MEM-347-18

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology is
currently accepting applications for full-time interns for Spring 2019. Interns are
asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and
will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press
matters. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, be able to multitask, and work well in a fast-paced
environment. Interested applicants should apply at the following link:
http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships
No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-346-18

The Office of Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (NE-01) is accepting applications
for a motivated and hardworking Capitol Hill intern in our Washington, DC
office. The internship is full-time with room for growth.
Interns are responsible for politely greeting front office guests, professionally
answering calls, enthusiastically leading Capitol Tours for Nebraskans, assisting
the scheduler and staff assistants with administrative office duties, and assisting
the communications team with special projects. Ideal candidates will have a
strong work ethic, attention to detail, strong writing abilities, and thrive in fastpaced environments.
Interested applicants should send a resume with references and two writing
samples, a cover letter addressed to the Congressman detailing why you want to
work for him, and the ideal start and end date with the subject line “Fortenberry
Internship” to Diana.Shin@mail.house.gov. Nebraska ties a strong plus.

MEM-344-18

The Office of Congressman Michael Cloud (TX-27) is currently seeking FullTime or Part-Time interns for both Fall and Winter of 2018 in our Washington
D.C. office. Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable and hold
strong written and verbal communication skills. Responsibilities include, but are
not limited to: answering phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S.
Capitol tours, assisting the legislative staff, attending Congressional hearings, and
participating in a legislative project. Internships are unpaid. Successful candidates
will be mature, personable, flexible, detail-oriented, eager and willing to learn,
and proactive. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the
legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. Texas ties are

Page 12 of 30

preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter,
and availability to TX27.Internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-334-18

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Fall 2018 semester in Washington DC. Intern
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work
availability with the subject line “Fall 2018 Internship” to Nick Vargish at
nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.

MEM-332-18

Rep. Steve Womack (AR-03)
Congressman Steve Womack is currently seeking hard-working interns in his
Washington, D.C. office for the fall semester. Interns will work closely with
Congressman Womack’s staff and constituents while learning the inner workings
of the United States Congress and about issues affecting Arkansans. Duties
include, but are not limited to, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, sorting
constituent mail, answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, and
assisting staff members. Those interested in political science, government, public
policy, business, and social work are encouraged to apply. Congressman
Womack is a member of the Appropriations Committee, and serves on the
Defense, Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, and
Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies
subcommittees. He also is Chairman of the Budget Committee. Any interested
candidates should send a current resume and cover letter to
hannah.shea@mail.house.gov.

MEM-331-18

The Committee on House Administration Democratic staff is currently seeking
both full-time and part-time interns for the 2018 Fall semester. This extended
internship will begin immediately, lasting through December of 2018. Interns will
have various responsibilities in assisting staff with administrative duties,
franking, and legislative research. Interns will also assist in planning/executing
Page 13 of 30

New Member Orientation for newly elected members of the U.S. House of
Representatives from the 2018 election cycle.
Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting franking
requests, compiling hearing materials, assisting with front office duties, assisting
in New Member Orientation duties, and assisting the committee’s Elections
Counsel.
Candidates must exhibit strong writing, communication, research, and
organizational skills. Graphic design experience preferred, but not required.
Please send a resume, brief writing sample and 2 graphic designs (if applicable)
in PDF format to Sydney.burns@mail.house.gov with “Congressional
Internship” in the subject line.
MEM-329-18

The Office of Congressman Jared Huffman (D-CA) seeks a
Communications/Digital Media Fellow. Primary responsibilities will include:
drafting and creating social media content, writing media materials including
press releases, advisories, op-eds, and speeches, updating website content,
helping with production of the Congressman’s podcast, compiling daily news
clips, and creating and maintaining media lists. Candidates must have strong
written and verbal communication skills, with the desire to come up with creative
communications ideas and the ability to work under tight deadlines. The fellow
will work closely with the Communications Director and the legislative staff of
Congressman Huffman. Applicants with a background and strong interest in
communications, public relations, or political science are preferred. Please send a
resume, brief cover letter, two writing samples, and your availability to
huffmanpressfellow@gmail.com with the subject line “Press Fellow.” Preference
given to individuals who can work a minimum of 25+ hours/week. This position
offers a $3500 stipend through the end of 2018.

MEM-327-18

The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking fulltime interns for Fall of 2018 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates will
be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills.
Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol
tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to provide
professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible in
allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative
Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fastpaced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
wi06resumes@gmail.com.

Page 14 of 30

MEM-326-18

The office of California Democratic Member, Rep. Juan Vargas (CA-51), is
seeking a qualified applicant for an internship position in his Capitol Office.
Responsibilities include corresponding with constituents, leading tours of the
Capitol, assisting with projects including press and legislative research, and
administrative duties as needed. The staff member will have the opportunity to
attend briefings and hearings on the Hill as well as network and learn from senior
staff. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, and have an ability to multitask and be flexible in a fastpaced environment. Multilingual applicants, particularly those speaking Spanish,
are encouraged to apply. The position is non-paid. Interested applicants should
apply at the following link:
https://vargas.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-325-18

The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated,
personable and professional legislative intern for the Fall 2018 session. Tasks
include answering the phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail, addressing
constituent concerns, attending briefings and supporting legislative staff as
needed. Serving as an intern in a Congressional office is an exciting opportunity!
Our interns are provided with first hand experiences and gain invaluable insight
into the legislative process, the importance of casework and the value of
constituent and community outreach.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing
skills, who pay close attention to detail, media relations experience and digital
media expertise. Successful candidates would spend 25-40 hours per week
interning in the DC office. Maryland ties a plus. This position is unpaid.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume and a list of references to
employment@mail.house.gov. If you have further questions, please call the
Intern Coordinator at (202) 225-4016.

MEM-324-18

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time unpaid
interns for Fall 2018 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
administrative staff with attending briefings, answering phones, coordinate and
conduct tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative
research and analysis, and various other tasks. Internships are open to
undergraduate students and college graduates. Florida and District ties are
encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins. To apply, email a
resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and a cover letter including your availability as
a single PDF to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 15 of 30

MEM-323-18

Democratic Congressman seeks a Press and Digital Media Fellow.
Responsibilities include drafting press releases; crafting social media posts;
designing graphics, GIFs and web content; monitoring social media; building and
managing press lists; and compiling daily press clips. Candidates must have
strong written and verbal communication skills, fluency in Adobe Creative Suite,
and an eagerness to work in a collaborative office environment. Ideal candidate
would be a graduate student or recent graduate with a background in
communications, journalism, public relations, public affairs or political science.
Preference given to individuals who can work a minimum of 25-30 hours/week.
This is an unpaid position but offers a unique opportunity to gain experience in a
fast-paced Capitol Hill communications operation. Qualified candidates should
submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
MD03Communications@gmail.com.

MEM-322-18

The Office of Congressman Michael Cloud (TX-27) is currently seeking a fulltime press intern to start immediately in the Washington D.C. office. Applicants
must have a proven digital portfolio, must be good with social media, and strong
writing skills. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: compiling press
clips, creating and executing video content, building digital graphics, and taking
direction from the communications director. Interns will be compensated with a
monthly stipend. Texas ties are a plus. Interested applicants should send resume,
portfolio, and cover letter to TX27.Internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-321-18

The office of Congressman Dave Reichert (WA-08) is currently seeking
candidates for full and part-time internships in his Washington, D.C. office for
the fall session, with positions available starting early September. These are
unpaid internships; however, opportunities for school credit are available if
needed. The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of
major.
Interns will observe firsthand the inner workings of a Congressional office, while
gaining relevant and valuable knowledge of the legislative process. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, conducting legislative research,
compiling press clips, assisting with front office operations, helping with
constituent relations, and receiving training in order to conduct U.S. Capitol
tours. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend legislative briefings and
congressional hearings on Capitol Hill.
Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic and be detailed-oriented and well
organized. He/she will also possess strong communication and writing skills, as
well as an enthusiasm for the political process and fast-paced congressional
operations. Successful candidates will be personable, adaptable, good-humored,
and service-oriented. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.

Page 16 of 30

Congressman Reichert is a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee
and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to
work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested
applicants should send a resume and cover letter to wa08internship@gmail.com.
MEM-320-18

New Jersey Democrat seeking interns for the fall semester - Qualified candidates
will be organized, motivated self-starters, with strong communication and writing
skills. Day-to-day duties include assisting with front office operations which
includes greeting visitors, opening and sorting mail, answering phones, and
conducting Capitol tours. Interns will also attend hearings and briefings and
conduct research for staff. This internship is unpaid. Please send cover letter,
resume, and a one page writing sample to: nj08jobs@gmail.com. No phone calls
or drop-ins.

MEM-318-18

New York Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) is seeking unpaid interns for the
fall, preferably to being at the end of August and finish in December. Interns will:
Assist with office administrative tasks, sorting incoming mail, greeting visitors,
and answering the telephone.
•
•
•
•
•

Assist in the preparation of constituent responses.
Perform legislative research.
Respond to requests from constituents.
Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the federal legislative
process.

Congressman Jerrold Nadler represents New York’s 10th Congressional District,
which includes the residents of most of the Upper West Side, Lower Manhattan,
and sections of Brooklyn. Congressman Nadler is the Ranking Member of the
House Judiciary Committee, where he has served as Chairman or Ranking
Member of its Subcommittee on Constitution, Civil Rights, and Civil Liberties
for 13 years and also served as the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on
Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet.
To Apply:
Please email resume, brief cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample to:
Jazmine.Bonner@mail.house.gov

MEM-317-18

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Joe Wilson (SC-02) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the fall of 2018. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
Page 17 of 30

research and performing other administrative duties. Successful candidates will
possess excellent written and oral communications skills, a strong attention to
detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn.
Southern ties are a plus. Please send a resume and cover letter to
Joshua.Grant@mail.house.gov with "Fall 2018 Internship" in the subject line.
MEM-316-18

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office in August. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter
and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-315-18

Congressman Ron Estes is currently seeking interns for this fall (SeptemberDecember). Congressman Estes represents Kansas’ 4th District and serves on the
House Homeland Security Committee and the House Education and the
Workforce Committee.
Interns will gain invaluable work experience and hours are flexible to
accommodate hectic course schedules. Generally office hours are 8:30 a.m. to
6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when Congress
is not in session. While in Washington, interns' responsibilities will vary. They
will be asked to answer phones, research legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on
various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative
process and the many other functions of a congressional office. This position is
unpaid. To apply for an internship in Washington D.C. please send a resume and
cover letter to Ks04dc.internapplication@mail.house.gov

MEM-314-18

A North Carolina Congresswoman is seeking one or two Fall 2018 interns for a
Congressional Internship Program in DC. Interns will have access to the various
functions of a congressional office including administration, legislative, and
communications. You will have many opportunities to learn about the legislative
process, work with constituents, and work with our communications team.
Diverse applicants are encouraged to apply.
RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE:
• Administration
o Managing constituency,
Page 18 of 30

•

•

•

o Answering and logging phone calls,
o Managing and logging incoming and outgoing mail.
o Tours and greeting constituents
Legislative
o Policy research and writing
o Research various policies both within and out of priorities.
o Write draft memos for the legislative team
o Attend legislative briefings and conduct written reports
Communications
o Draft tweets, talking points, social media posts.
o Assist in the creation of flyers.
o Work closely with Press Fellow and Press Secretary
Other responsibilities as needed.

To apply please send a resume and an optional writing sample to
NChousejobs@gmail.com. In the subject line please put the following:
"Internship Application for Fall 2018".

MEM-312-18

Congressman Bill Posey (FL-08) is currently seeking highly motivated and
organized applicants for part-time or full-time internships. Candidates should
possess interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills,
attention to detail, and a positive attitude. Responsibilities will mostly include,
but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol,
constituent correspondence, legislative research, and performing various
administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred but are not required. If interested,
please send a resume to FL.Conservative@mail.house.gov.

MEM-298-18

The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for Fall 2018 Interns. We are seeking dependable, politically
conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude, and strong
work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy, based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional
and 1 academic), one-page writing sample, and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. These materials should be in PDF format. Please
visit budget.house.gov for the application and more information. Late and
Page 19 of 30

incomplete application packets will not be considered. Paid internships are
available to any student working full time and not receiving course credit.
MEM-294-18

Congressman Keith Rothfus (PA-12) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2018 term. Intern
responsibilities include greeting guests in the front office, opening and sorting
mail, guiding Capitol building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as
attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal
candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and cover
letter to david.androphy@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling
basis, so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be
adjusted to accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties are not required.

MEM-291-18

Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) is seeking applications
for internship positions available in his Washington, D.C. office. Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis. This internship provides a great opportunity
to gain experience working in a Congressional office and get a first-hand look at
the legislative process.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, supporting legislative and
communications activities, helping with front office operations, assisting with
constituent relations, and giving tours of the Capitol. Candidates should be selfstarters with excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask effectively
and think critically, attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative and
governmental process.
This internship presents an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. Southern California ties are preferred,
but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color,
national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and
minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should email a
resume and cover letter to CA34.internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship
Application” in the subject line.

MEM-290-18

The Office of Congressman Matt Gaetz (R-FL) is seeking interns for the spring
semester in Washington, DC office. Although all internships in all offices are
unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. Our interns' responsibilities are
varied but substantive. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation
for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, run errands,
and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Congressman
Gaetz serves on the Armed Services Committee, Judiciary Committee, and the
Page 20 of 30

Budget Committee. Interns will be able to get a broad perspective of these issue
areas and the federal government in action. As a result, interns learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session. Students will leave the internship with a greater
understanding of how a Congressional office works, how constituent
relationships are forged and maintained, and how the legislative process works.
Students should be highly motivated, ready to learn, and eager to work in a fastpaced environment. Please apply by emailing your resume and a cover letter to
alexis.dejarnette@mail.house.gov.
MEM-289-18

California Democratic Member is seeking a qualified applicant for an internship
position in his Capitol Office. Responsibilities include corresponding with
constituents, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting with projects including press
and legislative research, and administrative duties as needed. The staff member
will have the opportunity to attend briefings and hearings on the Hill as well as
network and learn from senior staff. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess
strong oral and written communication skills, and have an ability to multitask and
be flexible in a fast-paced environment. Multilingual applicants, particularly
those speaking Spanish, are encouraged to apply. The position is non-paid.
Interested applicants should apply at the following link:
https://vargas.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internshipapplication.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-287-18

The Office of Congressman Mike Rogers is looking for a full or part-time intern
for the Fall Semester. Duties include but are not limited to: research; answering
constituent correspondence; attending hearings and briefings in specific
legislative areas; assisting staff with tours of the U.S. Capitol Building; and
answering phones, and greeting visitors. This is a great opportunity for someone
who may be looking for a job or going to school part time. Southern ties are
preferred, but not required. To apply, please email a resume to
haley.wilson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-283-18

The Office of Congressman Mark DeSaulnier (CA-11) is seeking a press/digital
intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation in our Washington,
D.C. office for Fall 2018. Qualified candidates should possess strong oral and
written communications skills, and be detail-oriented. Digital content (esp.
Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram), graphic design, and video editing experience
is a plus. Intern duties include assisting with press related projects, compiling
daily press clips, developing social media content, drafting e-newsletters, and
more.

Page 21 of 30

This internship is unpaid, and applicants should be available from September
through December. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, as
well as dates and times of availability to aimee.wall@mail.house.gov with “Press
Internship, Fall 2018” in the subject field.
MEM-280-18

The Office of Congressman Michael Cloud (TX-27) is currently seeking FullTime or Part-Time interns for both Fall and Winter of 2018 in our Washington
D.C. office. Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable and hold
strong written and verbal communication skills. Responsibilities include, but are
not limited to: answering phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S.
Capitol tours, assisting the legislative staff, attending Congressional hearings, and
participating in a legislative project. Internships are unpaid. Successful candidates
will be mature, personable, flexible, detail-oriented, eager and willing to learn,
and proactive. Interns will have the opportunity to learn more about the
legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional office. Texas ties are
preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter,
and availability to TX27.Internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-279-18

Illinois Democratic Office has openings for full-time interns and fellows to
support our administrative, legislative, and communication teams in our
Washington Office. Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues,
attending legislative briefings and hearings, answering phone calls, processing
constituent mail, researching information, and other duties as assigned.
Applicants should be professional, hardworking, reliable and have strong writing
and communication skills. Illinois ties are preferred, but not
required. Internships are unpaid and are available for the Fall
semesters. Interested candidates should submit your writing sample and resume
to ResumeIL01@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-278-18

Congressman John K. Delaney seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Fall 2018. Duties will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic
administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication
skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are preferred. Please send a
resume, cover letter and writing sample, combined in one pdf, to
md06.internships@mail.house.gov with “Fall Congressional Internship” in the
subject line.”

MEM-277-18

The office of Congresswoman Terri A. Sewell (D-AL) is seeking a full time
Digital and Press Intern to start in mid-September of 2018.
Internship Description:
• Learn how to write emails and campaign actions that you’ll send to over
100,000 constituents

Page 22 of 30

•
•
•
•

Design and curate content for social media and connect with our local and
national audience
Work side-by-side with our Communications Director, learning the ropes
of digital content production and press outreach
Assist in traditional media outreach to newspapers, television and other
media outlets
Analyze the results of your work and report on successes and failures

Qualifications:
• Passion for working to address issues of voting rights, health care,
education, and job growth
• Writing experience; ability to communicate message in concise and
compelling manner
• Understanding of what makes online content both shareable and
persuasive, including blogs and social media
• Interest in graphic design/infographic design
• Some experience with photography, and in HTML, Microsoft Word, and
Excel
To Apply:
Send your resume and cover letter to Sewell.Press@mail.house.gov.
MEM-276-18

Congressman Erik Paulsen’s office is currently accepting applications for unpaid
internships in our Washington, D.C. office.
A Congressional internship offers applicants an exciting opportunity to support
staff while learning about the daily operations of the Legislative branch. Interns
will assist the staff with constituent services, communications, administrative
tasks, and legislative research. Congressman Paulsen’s Internship Program is
designed primarily for the educational benefit of the participant. Interns working
in the District Office have the opportunity to contribute to the office’s interaction
with the surrounding community through constituent services, local events, and
community meetings. Interns in the Washington, D.C. Office will gain insight
into the federal government and the legislative process by working closely with
staff and attending hearings and briefings. Candidates should have a strong work
ethic, be highly organized and motivated, and possess a positive attitude.
This internship is unpaid. College credit, if applicable, will be provided. MN ties
preferred but not required. Qualified applicants should send their cover letter and
resume to Joe Dillon at Joe.Dillon@mail.house.gov.

MEM-274-18

Congressman Bill Huizenga (MI-02) is now accepting applications for his Fall
2018 Internship Program in his D.C. office from early September through early
December.
Page 23 of 30

Successful applicants will have a positive and friendly attitude, a willingness to
learn new skills, an interest in politics and legislation, excellent written and
verbal communication skills, and proficiency with Microsoft Office Programs
(primarily Microsoft Word, Excel)
Duties:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Sitting at the front desk: answering phones, sorting mail, data entry,
greeting visitors/meetings
Researching legislation, database creation and work, assisting with press
clips, various errands around Capitol Hill/DC, keeping supplies stocked,
attend hearings
Assisting scheduler with filing, calling, etc.
Congressional Internships are often fast-paced, high-stress, professional,
involve quick thinking.
Congressional Interns are an integral part of the staff. Successful
completion of related duties allows other staff to assist with policy-related
matters and to aid Congressman Huizenga.
Conducting tours/guiding constituents through the U.S. Capitol Building

Hours will vary on number of applicants but generally Monday-Friday 8am-5pm.
The office may accommodate interns who are available only part time.
How to apply:
•
•

Fill out the internship application, which can be found under the Services
tab on https://huizenga.house.gov.
Send your updated resume and a cover letter to
Phillip.Rokus@mail.house.gov.

MEM-272-18

Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking full or part-time unpaid
congressional interns for her Washington, D.C. office for Fall 2018 (mid-August
to December). This internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to
work in a fast-paced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political
experience. Duties include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and
assisting staff members with research and special projects. There will also be
frequent opportunities to attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal
candidate will be motivated, detail-oriented and possess strong communication
and writing skills. This is a great opportunity for students seeking Hill
experience. Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a
resume, cover letter and dates and times available with the subject line “Fall
Internship” to timothy.huebner@mail.house.gov.

MEM-269-18

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks full or part-time fall interns for her
Washington, D.C. office. Interns will work in a fast-paced and fun congressional
Page 24 of 30

office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Additionally, interns will have the
opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
briefings for the legislative staff. The ideal candidates will possess exceptional
written and oral communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well
as a strong interest in public service. Washington state ties are a plus but are not
required. Interested applicants should send a current resume and cover letter to
Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
MEM-268-18

The Office of Congressman Rod Blum (IA-01) is currently seeking full time and
part time unpaid interns for the Fall 2018 Internship Program in Washington,
D.C. and district offices in Dubuque, Cedar Falls, and Cedar Rapids. The
internship begins in September and continues through December.
In Washington, D.C., duties include providing service to constituents through
answering phone calls, greeting visitors, drafting correspondence letters,
attending briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading Capitol
Building tours, and assisting senior staff with projects.
In the First District, duties include providing service to constituents by assisting
with case work and helping with event organization, in addition to office tasks
such as answering phone calls, greeting visitors, drafting correspondence letters,
and assisting with media clips.
Successful applicants will have excellent written and verbal communication
skills, sharp attention to detail, ability to prioritize and organize tasks, and a
strong interest in the legislative process.
Internships are open to undergraduate students and college graduates. All
interested students are encouraged to fill out the application posted on
https://blum.house.gov/forms/internships/.

MEM-267-18

The Personal Office of Congressman Eliot L. Engel, the Ranking Democrat on
the House Foreign Affairs Committee, is searching for prospective students who
wish to intern at our Washington D.C office. Duties include: taking phone calls,
responding to constituent concerns, and assisting official staff by attending
briefing and Congressional hearings.
Aside from the varying duties, a prospective intern should be able to
communicate effectively; be an attentive listener; and possess good writing
skills. This is an unpaid internship but can be counted for course credit. Though
we are open to a variety of academic backgrounds, preferred candidates would be

Page 25 of 30

those majoring in: Political Science, Social Work, Government Affairs, and
History. Most candidates are college students or recent graduates.
As an intern in the Office of Congressman Engel, one is expected to act with the
utmost courtesy and professionalism. We expect our interns to respect the office
and its constituents as the office serves not only at the pleasure of the community,
but also as the public face of Congressman Engel. It is a concrete actualization of
civics in action.
If you would like to be considered for a position, please email your resume and
cover letter to Engel.Internship@mail.house.gov. In your application, be sure to
include the semester and/or dates you would be available to intern. NY ties a
plus, but not required.
MEM-266-18

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the Fall of 2018. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful
candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. California ties are a plus. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of
availability to Robert.Clark@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2018 Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-265-18

The Office of Congressman Ralph Norman (SC-5) is currently seeking Full-Time
or Part-Time interns for both Fall and Winter of 2018 in our Washington D.C.
office. Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable and hold strong
written and verbal communication skills. Responsibilities include, but are not
limited to, answering phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S.
Capitol tours, attending Congressional hearings, assisting the legislative staff, and
participating in a legislative project. Internships are unpaid. Successful candidates
will be mature, personable, detail-oriented, and self-starters. Interns will have the
opportunity to learn more about the legislative process and work in a fast-paced
congressional office. South Carolina ties preferred, but not required. Interested
applicants should send resume, cover letter, and availability to
Kimberly.Hammond@mail.house.gov.

MEM-262-18

The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking fulltime interns for Fall of 2018 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates will
be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication skills.
Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence, Capitol
tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to provide
professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible in
Page 26 of 30

allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with Legislative
Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fastpaced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
wi06resumes@gmail.com.
MEM-261-18

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time unpaid
interns for Fall 2018 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
administrative staff with attending briefings, answering phones, coordinate and
conduct tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative
research and analysis, and various other tasks. Internships are open to
undergraduate students and college graduates. Florida and District ties are
encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins. To apply, email a
resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and a cover letter including your availability as
a single PDF to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-259-18

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergraduate and recent graduate student legislative interns for the
Fall 2018 program (August/September through December).
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well
as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Ideal candidates are organized and committed students (and/or recent graduates)
eager to join a fast-paced environment and build upon their knowledge of how
Congress works. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail,
and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but parttime candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Although internships are unpaid, applicants may request the Committee’s
assistance in receiving credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (no longer than two pages) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In
the subject line, please indicate the program session for which you are applying
(e.g. [Fall 2018] Legislative Intern Application):

Page 27 of 30

*In your cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling
purposes.*
MEM-258-18

The office of Congressman Dave Reichert (WA-08) is currently seeking
candidates for full and part-time internships in his Washington, D.C. office for
the fall session, with positions available starting mid-August. These are unpaid
internships; however, opportunities for school credit are available if needed. The
internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of major.
Interns will observe firsthand the inner workings of a Congressional office, while
gaining relevant and valuable knowledge of the legislative process. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, conducting legislative research,
compiling press clips, assisting with front office operations, helping with
constituent relations, and receiving training in order to conduct U.S. Capitol
tours. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend legislative briefings and
congressional hearings on Capitol Hill.
Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic and be detailed-oriented and well
organized. He/she will also possess strong communication and writing skills, as
well as an enthusiasm for the political process and fast-paced congressional
operations. Successful candidates will be personable, adaptable, good-humored,
and service-oriented. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.
Congressman Reichert is a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee
and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to
work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested
applicants should send a resume and cover letter to wa08internship@gmail.com.

MEM-256-18

The Office of Congressman Chris Smith (NJ-04) is seeking applicants for an
unpaid internship in the Washington, DC office for Fall 2018. Duties include,
but are not limited to, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the
Capitol, attending hearings and briefings on behalf of staff, sorting and
distributing mail, drafting correspondence, and assisting with research tasks.
Candidates should possess strong writing and communications skills as well as
attention to detail. All majors are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume,
writing sample, and a list of references to NJ04.scheduling@mail.house.gov with
“Fall Internship 2018” in the subject line.

MEM-254-18

California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time
interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified
candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office,
intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give
tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication,
research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and
briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other
Page 28 of 30

functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid but the office will
provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their
respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and
cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.
MEM-253-18

Democratic Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks current college
students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for fall 2018
internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern duties include answering
phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail and faxes,
leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and other
responsibilities as needed. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral and
written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to work on
a variety of tasks. Preference given to interns with full-time availability, but those
seeking part-time internships will be considered. Pennsylvania ties a plus but not
required. Internship positions are unpaid. To apply, please email cover letter,
resume, and a brief writing sample (no more than two pages) to Zach Rosen at
colleen.carlos@mail.house.gov. Please include availability in your cover letter.

MEM-252-18

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Sander Levin (MI-09) is now
accepting applications for full/part-time Fall interns. Start/stop dates are flexible.
Basic intern responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering phones,
legislative research and correspondence, assisting staff on various projects,
conducting tours of the Capitol Building, and other office tasks. Interns will also
have the opportunity to attend hearings and briefings of interest. Candidates must
be motivated, flexible, confident, and able to work well independently in a fastpaced environment. Michigan ties are preferred but not required. Applicants must
be currently enrolled in college. Internships are unpaid, but college credit is
available. Qualified candidates should apply at https://levin.house.gov/servingyou/internships/internship-online-application. If you have any questions
concerning the internship, please do not hesitate to email
David.Beer@mail.house.gov or call (202) 225-4961.

MEM-251-18

Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking
motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions immediately. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates
should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing
to work both independently as well as part of a team environment.
Louisiana/Southern ties are a plus but not required. If you are a student we are
happy to work with your college or university to arrange for academic credit.
Please send a résumé and cover letter in PDF form to
LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Fall Internship” in the subject line.
Page 29 of 30

Page 30 of 30

