________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 4, 2024

MEM-097-24

The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated
candidates for a paid Summer 2024 internship position in our Washington, D.C.
and Las Vegas, Nevada offices.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills,
can multi-task, and is committed to being a team player. Responsibilities will
include answering phones, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the Capitol, and conducting legislative and administrative work to
support the needs of the Congresswoman’s staff.
The internship will run from May to August, from 9am-6pm when Congress is in
session and from 9am-5pm when Congress is not in session. Ties to Nevada’s
First District are strongly preferred.
The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status. Women, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of
other historically marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
To apply, interested applicants should
visit https://titus.house.gov/services/congressional-internship-application.htm. No
Page 1 of 19

calls or drop-ins, please. Applications will be accepted until Friday, March 29th
with applications considered on a rolling basis.
MEM-096-24

The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY,
will be accepting applications for an in-person internship during the 2024
Summer Semester. Applications will be accepted March 1st – March 22nd.
Interns will be responsible for:
•Completing constituent calls;
•Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations;
•Day-to-day office work;
•Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the
D.C. office;
•Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case
work or work on District-based projects of importance.
As a result, interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office,
congressional communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates
should possess excellent communication skills, strong attention to detail, the
ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. New
York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following:
•Resume
•Cover letter
•One-page writing sample
•Dates of availability
For more information on the district internship please
visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
Applications should be sent in PDF format
to Brooke.Strausbaugh@mail.house.gov with “NY-25 Summer 2024 District
Internship” in the subject line.
The deadline for this internship application is March 22nd at 11:59pm EST.
Applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Interview requests
will be sent out following the March 22nd deadline.

MEM-095-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting
applications for an internship during the 2024 Summer term.
Applicants must be based in Washington, D.C. for the duration of the summer
internship (around late May – early August, subject to change). All interns are
paid.
Page 2 of 19

In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will vary. Interns will be
responsible for:
•Answering constituent calls and leading tours of the Capitol;
•Day-to-day office work to assist with the functioning of the congressional office
and other duties as delegated by members of the staff;
•Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting
constituent letters;
•Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff;
•Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team;
•Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the
Rochester office;
•Other administrative tasks as assigned.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent written and verbal communications
skills, a strong
attention to detail, the ability to succeed in a fast-paced work environment, and a
good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following:
•Resume
•Cover letter
•One-page writing sample
•Dates of availability
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.
Applications should be sent in PDF format
to Savannah.Chadwick@mail.house.gov with “NY-25 Summer 2024 DC
Internship” in the subject line.
The deadline for this internship application is March 22nd at 11:59pm EST.
Applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Interview requests
will be sent out following the March 22nd deadline.
MEM-093-24

The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns for
Summer 2024 (June 3 – August 2).
Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we
seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
Page 3 of 19

eager to learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research,
prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid
communications.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the
needs and concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and
orientations. Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and
social inequality in the U.S., and has a passion for working to dismantle these
systems.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Assist with administrative duties
• Assist with legislative and policy projects
• Research legislation, regulations, and public law
• Assist with communications and outreach
• Respond to requests for information
• Attend briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work inoffice when Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a
monthly stipend of $3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring process are encouraged to request an accommodation at any
time during those processes.
To apply, address your application materials to Rachel Jones
at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “HNRC Summer
Internship Application – First Name Last Name” by close of business on Friday,
March 22. Include a cover letter, résumé, a short writing sample, and your
availability during the Summer Internship timeframe (June 3 – August 2).
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates who
are being actively considered for this position.
MEM-089-24

The Office of Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR-06) is seeking candidates
for a full-time (40 hours a week) eight-week spring internship in our Washington
D.C. office. The preferred dates of this internship are April 8 through May 31 but
can be flexible.

Page 4 of 19

Interns will get an in-depth look at the operations and functions of a
congressional office, including policy, communications, office operations and
constituent services. Interns will get opportunities to attend hearings and
briefings; assist with constituent services; and research legislation.
Qualifications:
•Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
•Ability to speak courteously with constituents
•Ability to work independently and as a part of a team
•Attention to detail and eagerness to go above and beyond
•Professionalism and demonstrated interest in public service
•OR-06 ties are preferred, but not required
Compensation information:
•Interns will be paid $3,200 for the duration of an eight week long, full-time
position
•Academic credit may be available and should be arranged with your academic
institution.
The Office is an equal employment opportunity employer and, consistent with the
Congressional Accountability Act (“CAA”) and House Rule XXIII, does not
discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, parental status, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable
federal law. This means that these factors will not be the basis for any hiring,
discharge, promotion, pay, benefits, or reassignment decision or action, or any
other personnel or job action affecting the terms, conditions, and privileges of
employment. Consistent with the CAA, the Office may, however, consider party
affiliation, domicile, and political compatibility in making employment decisions.
Application:
We are currently accepting applications for an internship based in Washington
D.C. If interested in a district-based internship, please check Salinas.house.gov
for more information on all internships available.
To apply, please complete the online
form: https://salinas.house.gov/services/internships. Please note that you must
include your resume, cover letter, and a writing sample that is no longer than 2
pages. Rolling applications are open until March 15th at 11:59 pm PST.
MEM-088-24

The Democratic Staﬀ of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualiﬁed undergrad students and recent graduates for legislative interns for the
Summer 2024 session.

Page 5 of 19

An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staﬀ
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staﬀ and member brieﬁngs. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staﬀ at hearings and markups, as well
as attend brieﬁngs on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fastpaced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a
sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time
candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly
encouraged to apply. Interns will receive a stipend, and applicants may request
the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your
cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and
whether you are available to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Summer
2024 Legislative Intern Application” in the subject line.
The deadline for applications is March 20, 2024. Please no phone calls or dropins.
MEM-087-24

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic
interns for the summer (June – August).
Our interns work closely with Committee staff to prepare materials for
Committee meetings, conduct research projects, learn about the Rules of the
House and the special-order process, and complete a variety of other
administrative tasks. Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work
ethic, an interest in learning about House floor procedures, and are detailoriented. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a
variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. Please apply by April 1st, 2024. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Page 6 of 19

Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line:
Legislative Intern Summer 2024 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you
want to join the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee
to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov
MEM-084-24

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking enthusiastic highly
motivated press/digital interns to work in person in the Washington, DC office
for the Summer Session.
Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day operations of
our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
legislative and communications staff. This includes attending congressional
hearings, writing memos, administrative tasks, answering phones, sorting mail,
and assisting staff.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and
editing skills. Preferred applicants have District ties, though not required. This is
a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application
via https://meeks.house.gov/services/internships with a resume, cover letter, up to
2-page writing sample, no later than COB April 5, 2024.

MEM-083-24

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking enthusiastic highly
motivated part time legislative interns to work in person in the Washington, DC
office for the Summer Session.
Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day operations of
our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
legislative and communications staff.
This includes attending congressional hearings, writing memos, administrative
tasks, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting staff. Qualified candidates
will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay attention to detail, be
responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and editing skills. Preferred
applicants have District ties, though not required. This is a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application
via https://meeks.house.gov/services/internships with a resume, cover letter, up to
2-page writing sample, no later than COB April 5, 2024.

MEM-082-24

Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C.
office for Summer 2024.

Page 7 of 19

Ideal candidates are organized and passionate undergraduate students, graduate
students, or recent graduates with an interest in public service. They should be
self-starters with excellent writing and organizational skills.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, military status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Special consideration will be
given to candidates with New Jersey ties and to those from backgrounds that are
traditionally underrepresented in Congress.
Key responsibilities of D.C. interns include:
•Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations
•Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing
other inquiries
•Legislative work: attending hearing and briefings, writing memos, composing
cosponsor recommendations, and drafting letters to be sent to constituents
•Organizing incoming mail
•Assisting with press clips and communications tasks
Applications are processed on a rolling basis, and candidates are encouraged to
apply as soon as possible. The internship will take place in-person from May to
August. Preference will be given to those with availability of at least 20 hours per
week, and a stipend will be provided.
To apply, please visit fill out the application and submit a resume and cover letter
through this link: https://menendez.house.gov/services/internships
Please indicate your availability in your cover letter and format the files
[LastName_CoverLetter] and [LastName_Resume].
MEM-080-24

The office of Congressman Victoria Spartz (IN-05) is now accepting applications
for paid, full-time summer congressional internships in our Washington, DC
office.
Key opportunities: Interns in our office get the opportunity to attend
congressional briefings, hearings, and networking events. They also get to work
on a wide variety of legislative issues spanning foreign policy, education, and
economics. Interns who excel in their core duties will be given the opportunity to
direct more of their own work and focus on particular legislative areas of interest.
Core internship duties in the Washington, DC office include:
•Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
•Assisting with office operations
•Attending congressional hearings and policy briefings and providing insights to
legislative staff
•Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
Page 8 of 19

•Taking photos of the Congresswoman at important events
•Conducting Capitol tours for constituents
Successful applicants will be highly motivated, possess excellent written and
verbal communication skills, and interact well with constituents. In addition,
applicants should have a strong interest in the legislative process and the function
of Congress.
To apply, please go to https://spartz.house.gov/services/internships
MEM-079-24

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Summer 2024.
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
*Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
*Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit to at least 20 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District. The deadline to submit applications is March 22, 2024, at
11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ+
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ+
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 9 of 19

MEM-076-24

Congressman Cliff Bentz (OR-02) is seeking Spring interns for his Washington
D.C. Office.
Congressman Bentz is a member of the House Judiciary Committee and the
House Natural Resources Committee. Ideal candidates will be college students or
recent graduates who are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detail-oriented,
enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and have customer service experience.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations
and legislative research. Although no two days are the same, an intern may be
expected to answer phones, greet Oregonians, attend policy meetings with other
staff, and assist in managing constituent correspondences and administrative
operations. Interns may also lead tours of the U.S. Capitol and attend committee
hearings.
Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide
valuable experience for future endeavors. The internship will generate the
opportunity to foster excellent connections, learn about many issues affecting our
state and country, gain expertise in any policy areas you might be interested in,
and get a detailed look at what makes the United States the most enduring
democracy in the world.
Desired Availability: Applicants should be able to commit to at least 20 hours per
week. Office hours are 9:00AM – 5:00PM weekdays. The internship is in-person.
All interested applicants are asked to fill out the application form found on the
Congressman’s website: https://bentz.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-075-24

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking a
press/digital intern for the Summer 2024 semester.
The deadline to apply is 5 PM ET, Friday, March 22, 2024.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Compiling and distributing morning press clips
•Tracking media hits for Committee members
•Assisting with video shoots
•Assisting with creating messaging packets and digital toolkits for the caucus
•Writing first drafts of remarks, press releases, and video scripts
•Developing social media content
•Clipping floor and hearing remarks from members
•Providing administrative support, including answering calls and delivering
correspondence
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
Page 10 of 19

Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be
detail-oriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the Committee
and the legislative process. The Committee strongly encourages veterans,
minorities, women, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU and
MSI students to apply.
This full-time or part-time, in-person, paid position is based in Washington, D.C.
Application: All candidates are required to go to https://democratsveterans.house.gov/opportunities to complete an online application to be
considered. Applicants must submit a resume and cover letter.
MEM-074-24

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking a
legislative intern for the Summer 2024 semester.
The deadline to apply is 5 PM ET, Friday, March 22, 2024.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Conducting legislative research
•Managing and responding to constituent correspondence
•Assisting with Committee events
•Attending briefings and hearings for staff
•Drafting memos
•Providing administrative support, including answering calls and delivering
correspondence
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be
detail-oriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the Committee
and the legislative process. The Committee strongly encourages veterans,
minorities, women, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU and
MSI students to apply.
This full-time or part-time, in-person, paid position is based in Washington, D.C.
Application: All candidates are required to go to https://democratsveterans.house.gov/opportunities to complete an online application to be
considered. Applicants must submit a resume and cover letter.

MEM-073-24

The Office of Congresswoman Grace F. Napolitano (D-CA) is seeking candidates
for a paid Summer internship in our Washington D.C. office.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communication skills,
eager to learn, detail oriented, and passionate about public service. Women,
Page 11 of 19

people of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include:
-Answering phones
-Writing letters to constituents on a variety of policy topics
-Assisting constituents with matters related to federal agencies
-Researching legislation for the Member and the staff
-Attending hearings and briefings
The ideal candidate will be available from late May until July / August and can
work from 9am – 6pm ET when Congress is in session and from 9am – 5pm ET
when Congress is not in session. Students with ties to the district or to Southern
California are strongly preferred.
To apply for an internship please email Sam.Schiller@mail.house.gov by
midnight on March 8th, 2024, with a resume and cover letter in a single PDF file.
Please have your email subject line read “Summer Internship Application – (First
Name, Last Name).”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-069-24

“The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) is seeking full or parttime interns for his Washington, D.C. office.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
research. This is a paid internship that complies with the House Paid Internship
Program.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: Summer 2024
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.”

MEM-067-24

“The office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is now accepting
applicants for Summer Congressional Internships in our Washington, DC office.
Successful applicants will be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work
ethic, and interact well with constituents. In addition, applicants should have a
strong interest in the legislative process and the function of Congress. A monthly
stipend will be provided to individuals selected for the internship.
Page 12 of 19

Internship duties in the Washington, DC office may include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
• Attending congressional hearings and policy briefings
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House
• Helping the communications/press team
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Other projects as assigned by the staff
To apply, please email your resume to Wisconsin.resumes@mail.house.gov
Ties to the state of Wisconsin are preferred, but not required. “
MEM-062-24

Congresswoman Hillary Scholten is looking for highly motivated and driven
interns for Summer 2024.
Opportunities are available for both her Washington, D.C. office and her district
office in Grand Rapids.
To apply, please submit your resume, cover letter, and one reference in one PDF
to MI03Internships@mail.house.gov. The subject line must include your full
name and which office you are interested in for your application to be considered.
Interns will receive a monthly stipend. The deadline for applications is Friday,
March 29th at 5:00 p.m.
DC OFFICE
Hours will typically be 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. when Congress is in session and 9 a.m. to
5 p.m. when Congress is out of session. Interns are expected to work full time but
hours can be flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules. The D.C.
Office internship allows interns to get involved with the legislative process.
Responsibilities include:
•Answering phone calls and greeting constituents and stakeholders that enter the
office
•Logging phone calls, mail, and other correspondence into our database
•Drafting letters addressing constituent concerns
•Putting together daily news clips
•Assisting the legislative staff with research and compiling information
•Giving Capitol tours
•Attending hearings and briefings
•Any other tasks assigned by the Internship Coordinator
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Page 13 of 19

Ties to Michigan’s 3rd Congressional District/West Michigan are a plus.
DISTRICT OFFICE- Grand Rapids
The district office is open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday. Interns
are expected to work a minimum of 16 hours weekly, in no less than 4 hours
blocks. This is to accommodate their academic schedules. District office interns
will engage with constituents and the community while being at the intersection
of the federal government.
Responsibilities include:
•Answering phone calls and greeting constituents and stakeholders that enter the
office.
•Logging phone calls, mail, and other correspondence into our database
•Drafting letters addressing constituent concerns
•Monitoring local news and social media for current activities in the district
•Assisting the district staff with research
•Attending meetings with local stakeholders or constituents
•Interacting with government agencies to resolve constituent issues
•Any other tasks assigned by the Internship Coordinator
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Ties to Michigan’s 3rd Congressional District/West Michigan are a plus.
MEM-058-24

The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a driven,
detail-oriented, hardworking, and engaged individual to work with her team.
This internship will be primarily in-person in the Washington, DC office with
potential for some occasional remote work. The timing of the internship is
flexible based on the candidate’s schedule but would ideally start in mid-May and
could last up to 12 weeks. The intern would work with the Congresswoman’s
dynamic team to improve the lives of Seventh District constituents and
communities.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Constituent services: assist the front office staff with answering constituent
questions over the phone and through the mail, draft correspondence, and assist
with other office administration tasks;
• Legislative research: work with the legislative team to conduct research on issue
areas, write memos, and learn about the legislative process;
• District research: research and compile information for district events and
outreach;
• Communications: collaborate with the Communications team on tasks as needed

Page 14 of 19

such as writing letters; and
• Other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES:
• Responsible, reliable, punctual
• Has knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs
• Able to problem solve, think quickly, adapt, and handle sensitive information
HOURS & COMPENSATION: The schedule is flexible and based on candidate’s
schedule. This is a PAID internship; the office will pay an hourly rate for
applicants not supported by outside fellowships.
TO APPLY: Please submit a resume and a 1-page cover letter that answers the
following questions in a single PDF:
• What, do you feel, is the biggest problem facing VA-07?
• How do you want to impact the community?
Please include the dates you are available, and any other scheduling constraints
(e.g. mornings or afternoons only) in your application.
Email this information to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Summer 2024 Internship – First Name, Last Name.”
DEADLINE: Applications received by March 8, 2024 will be considered.
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger is an equal opportunity employer.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against because of race,
religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical disability, sexual
orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender expression) identity, color,
marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or any other classification
protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.
MEM-052-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for the summer of 2024. This is an in-person opportunity with some
hybrid work-from-home hours possible. A majority of the program is spent in the
office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
Page 15 of 19

•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.
MEM-051-24

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full time interns for the summer internship session. The start
date would be starting in early to late May with a flexible end date. interns are
paid a stipend based on availability and have access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to nj02internships@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in your cover letter that
you’re applying for a spring internship and format the files as [Full
Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter].

MEM-050-24

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Summer Legislative Internship

Page 16 of 19

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting constituent correspondence
•Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
•Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
•Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample (no more
than 1-2 pages), and two references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “Summer Legislative Internship, NAME” by March 30th, 2024.
Please include availability in the cover letter and compile all application materials
into one PDF document.
MEM-047-24

Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his Salem office and
Washington D.C. offices.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, current graduate
students, and recent college graduates. Interns receive a stipend distributed based
on total hours worked.
D.C. RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail.
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman.
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
•Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research.
DISTRICT RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
•Assisting the Casework Team on a variety of casework requests involving
federal agencies.
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research and attending community events.
APPLICATIONS
Applicants can access the application here, through a google form:
Page 17 of 19

https://moulton.house.gov/services/internship-application
Applicants can find more information on the internship portal
at moulton.house.gov under the ‘Services’ tab.
All applications are due on March 10th, 2024, and will be reviewed after the
application period closes.
If you have trouble accessing the application form above or have other questions,
please email Bridget Pegg (bridget.pegg@mail.house.gov.)
MEM-043-24

The Washington, D.C., Office of Congressman Adam B. Schiff (CA-30) is
seeking professional, enthusiastic, and hardworking interns to assist staff with
administrative and legislative work.
The Summer 2024 term runs from May through August and is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates. Interns typically work three
days per week, with flexibility to accommodate class schedules. Interns will
receive a stipend. Academic credit is also available.
Responsibilities
•Front office duties, including answering telephones, sorting mail, greeting
visitors, and assisting with the Congressman’s meetings
•Compiling press clips and assisting the communications team
•Processing and drafting responses to constituent correspondence
•Attending briefings and conducting policy research as requested by legislative
staff
•Performing various other tasks to ensure the office functions smoothly
To Apply
All applicants should apply by March 15 at 11:59 p.m.
at https://schiff.house.gov/help/internships
Please note that we always receive more applications than we can accommodate
and that applicants with ties to the 30th District are given preference. Candidates
from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.

MEM-037-24

The Office of Congresswoman Summer Lee is committed to investing in the next
generation of public leaders and citizen activists.
Congressional internships offer a comprehensive learning opportunity to
understand better how congressional offices and the legislative process work.
Both in the Washington, DC, and District Office, the internship program is
Page 18 of 19

designed to be a learning experience in which students are exposed to various
areas including constituent services, scheduling, office administration, press and
communications, and legislative policy.
Typical duties will include answering phones, leading Capitol tours (Washington,
D.C.-based), researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on a variety of
issues. The ideal candidate for this paid, part-time internship will be teamoriented and have strong written and verbal communication skills.
Students and recent graduates who are interested in the legislative process are
highly encouraged to apply. The Congresswoman is on the Oversight and
Accountability Committee and the Space, Science, and Technology Committee.
Ties to Pennsylvania’s 12th Congressional District are preferred, but not
necessary.
All applicants should apply by March 15, 2024
at: https://summerlee.house.gov/internships
MEM-016-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking full-time paid interns for the
Summer 2024 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings,
performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various
projects. Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public
service and progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr. unless funded by
an outside organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter stating availability,
short writing sample, and three references
to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with the subject “2024 Summer
Internship Application – FirstName LastName” by Sunday, March 31st.

Page 19 of 19

