________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 11, 2024

MEM-119-24

Congresswoman Brittany Pettersen’s Washington DC and Lakewood District
offices are seeking paid congressional interns for Summer 2024.
The internship is in-person and will run from late May to August. Dates are
flexible. This internship is open to undergraduate students and recent college
graduates.
This internship provides students with a firsthand understanding of the functions
of a congressional office and the legislative process. Intern responsibilities vary
but include answering phones, sorting mail, researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, giving tours of the
Capitol building, and drafting press releases and constituent letters on various
issues. Additionally, the office encourages and will facilitate networking
opportunities for interns and staff members.
Internship hours are flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules, but
generally run from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. EST in the DC office, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. MT in the District office. Applicants must have a high school diploma.
Applicants who are rising juniors in college or further in their education or
careers will be prioritized. Applicants must be able to commit to working at least
20 hours a week. Applicants with Colorado ties are strongly prioritized.
Internships are eligible for a paid monthly stipend.
Page 1 of 24

To apply, please send an email with your resume, cover letter and writing sample
(maximum length of 5 pages) to CO07internapplications@mail.house.gov with
“[Your Last Name] [Season][Year] DC Internship” in the subject line- for
example: “Smith Summer 2023 DC Internship". Please include your dates of
availability in your submission.
If submitted after April 15th, applications will only be considered on a rolling
basis.
MEM-118-24

Rep. Troy E. Nehls, a member of the House Judiciary Committee, including the
immigration and crime subcommittees, and House Freedom Caucus is accepting
law clerk applications for summer 2024.
Law clerks will engage in a range of activities, including preparing for and
attending Judiciary hearings, conducting legal and policy research, writing
memos and legislation, drafting oversight and constituent letters, giving tours,
answering phones, and performing other administrative duties.
Candidates must have strong writing skills and be able to work in a team-oriented
environment. Law clerks will work under the direct supervision of Rep. Nehls’
Judiciary Committee staff. Ideal candidates are current law students who have a
demonstrated passion for federal policy and America First priorities.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume and cover letter
to taylor.reaves@mail.house.gov.

MEM-117-24

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Summer
2024 internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates,
and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman
DeLauro's office entail both administrative and legislative work. Interns are
involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment as well as possess excellent writing skills and an enthusiastic
attitude. Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to
work in a highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form (which can
be found on delauro.house.gov) along with a cover letter, resume, brief writing
sample (1-2 pages), and two reference contacts
Page 2 of 24

to Claybrook.Vaughan@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Summer 2024
Internship” by 11:59PM on March 30. Please send completed application form
and all application materials in a single PDF file.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.
MEM-115-24

The office of Congressman Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications for
paid legislative internships for the summer term.
The ideal candidate will have excellent communication and written skills, interest
in the legislative process, resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fastpaced environment. Ties to the Bay Area or California are preferred, but not
required.
Responsibilities include answering phones, research, drafting constituent
correspondence, attending policy briefings and hearings, recommending
legislation to the Congressman, and other tasks as assigned. The summer term
begins mid- to late-May and ends early- to mid-August with flexible start and end
dates. Work will be in-person.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as
one PDF to MullinInternships@gmail.com. Email subject line should follow the
following format: LastName, FirstName – Summer Internship. Additionally,
please note your availability and any ties to the Bay Area or California in the
body of your email along with days and times you would not be available during
the workweek. Applications must be submitted by March 29th. Due to the large
volume of applicants, only those who are selected for interviews will be
contacted.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-114-24

The office of Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) is seeking college juniors
and seniors, recent graduates, and grad students for summer interns in her
Washington, D.C. and District offices.
Responsibilities will include:
•Answering phones,
•Conducting a semester-long capstone project,
•Writing constituent letters,
Page 3 of 24

•Assisting legislative staff with research,
•Categorizing mail,
•Attending briefings and hearings, and
•Conducting Capitol tours for constituents.
Successful candidates will work well under pressure, are organized, hardworking, detail-oriented, have customer service/retail experience, and can have
some fun! Ohio ties are preferred but not required, and candidates of color,
women, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interns will
be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to OH11InternResumes@mail.house.gov with “Summer Intern [LASTNAME]”
in the subject line. The deadline to apply is April 1st, close of business. No phone
calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-111-24

The Office of Congresswoman Cori Bush (MO-01) is seeking interns for the
summer 2024 session in both her Washington D.C. and St. Louis offices. These
internships are part-time paid positions and generally run from May 2024 through
August 2024.
Ideal applicants should possess excellent written and oral communication skills,
strong attention to detail and an interest in public service. This is a great
opportunity to join a dynamic team, intent on doing the absolute most for
everyone in St. Louis, starting with those who have the greatest need.
As an intern, you will have the opportunity to serve in a wide range of capacities.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: assistance with overall day-to-day
operations, writing correspondence, handling mail, managing phone calls,
assisting with tour requests (D.C.) and constituent casework (STL), when
applicable. Interns will also have the opportunity to support a congressional
office while gaining first-hand knowledge about day-to-day operations, the
legislative process and the overall structure within various congressional offices.
This internship pays $15 per hour and will be based on an approximate 20 – 25hour work week. Interested applicants, please click the link below to apply.
Applicants with St. Louis ties are preferred, but not required.
This internship is open to all undergraduate and recently graduated students. The
Office of Congresswoman Cori Bush is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, criminal history or parental status. Women, people of color,
LGBTQIA+, unhoused people, formerly incarcerated individuals, and members
of other marginalized communities are encouraged to apply. Due to a high
volume of applicants, a response is not guaranteed. No phone calls or drop-ins,
Page 4 of 24

please.
Applications will close on March 29, 2024.
https://airtable.com/appA6edWSxJlKEEgm/shrbg3rJtcYafE3rO
MEM-110-24

The U.S. House Committee on Homeland Security (Democrats) is accepting
applications for legislative internships in Washington, DC, for Summer 2024.
This internship will provide an invaluable experience to see the inner workings of
Capitol Hill and learn about the legislative process. This is a full-time, limitedterm position, and it offers a monthly stipend.
Qualified applicants will have strong writing and communication skills, the
ability to manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and
demonstrate a solid work ethic. Internship responsibilities will include
administrative tasks (answering phones, sorting mail, etc.) and legislative tasks
(attending hearings/briefings, assisting legislative staff, and more).
This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. House Paid Interns will need to provide
documentation of U.S. Citizenship.
Please send resume and cover letter with the subject line “Homeland Internship
Summer 2024” to homeland.internships@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply
is April 1, 2024.

MEM-109-24

The Office of Congresswoman Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently
accepting applicants for paid and unpaid D.C. Summer Internships (June 2024 –
August 2024).
Communications Interns assist the communications staff by compiling media
clips, drafting social media posts and press releases, creating digital content,
answering phones, inputting casework inquiries, and aiding the
Congresswoman’s communications efforts. Experience working in
communications is a plus.
Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can excel in a
fast-paced environment. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal
communication skills, an eye for and ability to create engaging digital content,
and a good sense of humor. Ties to Washington State are preferred, but not
required. Applicants are encouraged to include any previous customer service
experience (retail, food service, hospitality, etc.) on their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and a sample social media post with relevant written and visual
components in a single PDF document to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC
Page 5 of 24

Summer Communications Internship-[LAST NAME]” in the subject line. Please
indicate in the cover letter which internship you are applying for and your dates
of availability.
The deadline for applications is Monday, March 25, 2024, at 5 PM ET, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their applications early. Applications that are
incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity,
national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information,
age, military service, or other non-merit factors. Individuals from
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no unsolicited
phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-108-24

The Office of Congresswoman Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently
accepting applicants for paid and unpaid D.C. Summer Internships (June 2024 –
August 2024).
LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP
Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff by preparing briefing notes and
memos, researching legislation, tracking legislative activity, providing mail
program support, answering phones, inputting casework inquiries, attending
hearings, and advancing the Congresswoman’s legislative agenda.
Ideal candidates for this internship are diligent, detail-oriented, and can excel in a
fast-paced environment. Applicants should possess strong written and verbal
communication skills, an ability to manage multiple short-term and stretch
assignments, and a good sense of humor. Ties to Washington State are preferred,
but not required. Applicants are encouraged to include any previous customer
service experience (retail, food service, hospitality, etc.) on their resumes.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a writing sample not
to exceed one page in length in a single PDF document
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Summer Legislative Internship-[LAST
NAME]” in the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship
you are applying for and your dates of availability.
The deadline for applications is Monday, March 25, 2024, at 5 PM ET, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their applications early. Applications that are
incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity,
national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information,
age, military service, or other non-merit factors. Individuals from
Page 6 of 24

underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no unsolicited
phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-107-24

Paid DC Internship Opportunity: Office of Congressman Chris Pappas NH-01
Serving as an intern on our team is an exciting opportunity to work closely
alongside staff and develop professional skills in a Congressional office setting.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work
cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written
communications skills.
An internship in the Washington, DC office encompasses a variety of tasks and
assignments such as answering phones, greeting visitors, giving tours, writing
letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be assigned to
work with the legislative team and outreach staff to assist with legislation, special
projects, writing, and/or research. As a result, interns learn about the legislative
process and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Apply
To apply for a DC internship, please submit your resume, cover letter, two
references, and one short writing sample (no longer than two pages total)
to Pappas.Internships@mail.house.gov with “[Last Name] Internship Application
– [DC Summer] 2024 ” in the subject line. Please submit all materials as one pdf
document. References will not be contacted without your prior consent. No phone
calls or drop-ins please.
In your email, please also specify your specific dates and times of availability
(e.g., full time, only Monday, Wednesday, Friday, only 9-3, etc.)
For the Washington, DC Office, Summer the deadline is March 17 at 11:59 pm
Current appropriations law prohibits the use of federally appropriated funds to
pay the compensation of U.S. government employees whose post of duty is in the
continental U.S. unless that person, generally:
1.Is a U.S. citizen;
2.Is a lawful permanent resident and has applied for (or affirms that he or she will
apply for) citizenship within six months of first becoming eligible to apply (and
the person must complete the citizenship process within two years of applying,
but delays attributable to the processing of the application do not count toward
the two-year deadline);
3.Is admitted as a refugee or is granted asylum and has filed a declaration of
intention to become a lawful permanent resident and subsequently a citizen when
he/she is eligible to do so; or
4.Is a person who owes allegiance to the U.S. (e.g., nationals of American Samoa,
the Swains Island, or the Northern Mariana Islands; and nationals who meet other
requirements described in 8 U.S.C. § 1408).
Page 7 of 24

See Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022, Pub. L. No. 117-103, div. E tit. VII,
§ 704 (2022).
MEM-106-24

PRESS INTERNSHIP: The office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA06) is accepting applications for a Summer 2024 press intern in our Washington,
D.C. office. This internship will run from late May/early June through midAugust.
We offer needs-based stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our
internship program has returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have experience in a
faced-paced, deadline-oriented work environment. Applicants must be
independent problem-solvers, have strong writing skills, and be comfortable
communicating to both internal and external audiences. Technical experience
with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign, Illustrator), photo editing programs
(Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software (Premiere, Headliner) a major
plus.
Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips,
helping draft copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital content.
Press interns will have the opportunity to staff the congresswoman to capture
videos and photos of events. We offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up
close and from the inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience are a
plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and
why you’re interested in interning in our office, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one
example of digital work (video, graphic or photo)
to PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin,
sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women,
people of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-105-24

LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP: The office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan
(D-PA-06) is accepting applications for Summer 2024 legislative interns in our
West Chester, Reading, and Washington, D.C. offices. This internship will run
from late May/early June through mid-August.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer needs-based
stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our internship program has
Page 8 of 24

returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a
passion for community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing
to spend a lot of time on the phone, and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting
memos for our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or
meetings. We offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the
inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06
are also a plus.
Please submit applications
via https://houlahan.house.gov/services/internships.htm
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin,
sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family status, or military status. Women,
people of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-104-24

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergrad students and recent graduates for Legislative Interns.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well
as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fastpaced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a
sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time
candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly
encouraged to apply. Interns will receive a stipend, and applicants may request
the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
Page 9 of 24

Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your
cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and
whether you are available to work full-time or part-time. Please put "2024
Legislative Intern Application” in the subject line. Applications will be accepted
on a rolling basis. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-097-24

The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated
candidates for a paid Summer 2024 internship position in our Washington, D.C.
and Las Vegas, Nevada offices.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills,
can multi-task, and is committed to being a team player. Responsibilities will
include answering phones, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the Capitol, and conducting legislative and administrative work to
support the needs of the Congresswoman’s staff.
The internship will run from May to August, from 9am-6pm when Congress is in
session and from 9am-5pm when Congress is not in session. Ties to Nevada’s
First District are strongly preferred.
The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status. Women, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of
other historically marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
To apply, interested applicants should
visit https://titus.house.gov/services/congressional-internship-application.htm. No
calls or drop-ins, please. Applications will be accepted until Friday, March 29th
with applications considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-096-24

The District Office of Representative Joseph Morelle, NY-25 in Rochester, NY,
will be accepting applications for an in-person internship during the 2024
Summer Semester. Applications will be accepted March 1st – March 22nd.
Interns will be responsible for:
•Completing constituent calls;
•Writing letters, certificates, and proclamations;
•Day-to-day office work;
•Interacting with members of staff in the Rochester office and virtually in the
D.C. office;
•Other duties delegated by members of staff including various constituent case
work or work on District-based projects of importance.
Page 10 of 24

As a result, interns will learn about the functions of a congressional office,
congressional communications, and the legislative process. Ideal candidates
should possess excellent communication skills, strong attention to detail, the
ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor. New
York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following:
•Resume
•Cover letter
•One-page writing sample
•Dates of availability
For more information on the district internship please
visit: https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships
Applications should be sent in PDF format
to Brooke.Strausbaugh@mail.house.gov with “NY-25 Summer 2024 District
Internship” in the subject line.
The deadline for this internship application is March 22nd at 11:59pm EST.
Applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Interview requests
will be sent out following the March 22nd deadline.
MEM-095-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Joe Morelle is now accepting
applications for an internship during the 2024 Summer term.
Applicants must be based in Washington, D.C. for the duration of the summer
internship (around late May – early August, subject to change). All interns are
paid.
In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will vary. Interns will be
responsible for:
•Answering constituent calls and leading tours of the Capitol;
•Day-to-day office work to assist with the functioning of the congressional office
and other duties as delegated by members of the staff;
•Supporting the Legislative Correspondent with sorting mail and drafting
constituent letters;
•Attending hearings and briefings, as requested by senior staff;
•Researching legislation for the Member and legislative team;
•Interacting with members of staff in the D.C. office and virtually with the
Rochester office;
•Other administrative tasks as assigned.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent written and verbal communications
skills, a strong
Page 11 of 24

attention to detail, the ability to succeed in a fast-paced work environment, and a
good sense of humor. New York State ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit the following:
•Resume
•Cover letter
•One-page writing sample
•Dates of availability
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
For more information on the Washington D.C. internship please visit:
https://morelle.house.gov/congressional-internships.
Applications should be sent in PDF format
to Savannah.Chadwick@mail.house.gov with “NY-25 Summer 2024 DC
Internship” in the subject line.
The deadline for this internship application is March 22nd at 11:59pm EST.
Applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Interview requests
will be sent out following the March 22nd deadline.
MEM-093-24

The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns for
Summer 2024 (June 3 – August 2).
Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we
seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
eager to learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research,
prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid
communications.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the
needs and concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and
orientations. Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and
social inequality in the U.S., and has a passion for working to dismantle these
systems.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Assist with administrative duties
• Assist with legislative and policy projects
• Research legislation, regulations, and public law
• Assist with communications and outreach
Page 12 of 24

• Respond to requests for information
• Attend briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work inoffice when Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a
monthly stipend of $3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring process are encouraged to request an accommodation at any
time during those processes.
To apply, address your application materials to Rachel Jones
at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “HNRC Summer
Internship Application – First Name Last Name” by close of business on Friday,
March 22. Include a cover letter, résumé, a short writing sample, and your
availability during the Summer Internship timeframe (June 3 – August 2).
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates who
are being actively considered for this position.
MEM-089-24

The Office of Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR-06) is seeking candidates
for a full-time (40 hours a week) eight-week spring internship in our Washington
D.C. office. The preferred dates of this internship are April 8 through May 31 but
can be flexible.
Interns will get an in-depth look at the operations and functions of a
congressional office, including policy, communications, office operations and
constituent services. Interns will get opportunities to attend hearings and
briefings; assist with constituent services; and research legislation.
Qualifications:
•Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
•Ability to speak courteously with constituents
•Ability to work independently and as a part of a team
•Attention to detail and eagerness to go above and beyond
•Professionalism and demonstrated interest in public service
•OR-06 ties are preferred, but not required
Compensation information:
•Interns will be paid $3,200 for the duration of an eight week long, full-time
position
Page 13 of 24

•Academic credit may be available and should be arranged with your academic
institution.
The Office is an equal employment opportunity employer and, consistent with the
Congressional Accountability Act (“CAA”) and House Rule XXIII, does not
discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, parental status, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable
federal law. This means that these factors will not be the basis for any hiring,
discharge, promotion, pay, benefits, or reassignment decision or action, or any
other personnel or job action affecting the terms, conditions, and privileges of
employment. Consistent with the CAA, the Office may, however, consider party
affiliation, domicile, and political compatibility in making employment decisions.
Application:
We are currently accepting applications for an internship based in Washington
D.C. If interested in a district-based internship, please check Salinas.house.gov
for more information on all internships available.
To apply, please complete the online
form: https://salinas.house.gov/services/internships. Please note that you must
include your resume, cover letter, and a writing sample that is no longer than 2
pages. Rolling applications are open until March 15th at 11:59 pm PST.
MEM-088-24

The Democratic Staﬀ of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualiﬁed undergrad students and recent graduates for legislative interns for the
Summer 2024 session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staﬀ
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staﬀ and member brieﬁngs. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staﬀ at hearings and markups, as well
as attend brieﬁngs on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fastpaced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a
sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time
candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
Page 14 of 24

identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly
encouraged to apply. Interns will receive a stipend, and applicants may request
the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your
cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and
whether you are available to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Summer
2024 Legislative Intern Application” in the subject line.
The deadline for applications is March 20, 2024. Please no phone calls or dropins.
MEM-087-24

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic
interns for the summer (June – August).
Our interns work closely with Committee staff to prepare materials for
Committee meetings, conduct research projects, learn about the Rules of the
House and the special-order process, and complete a variety of other
administrative tasks. Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work
ethic, an interest in learning about House floor procedures, and are detailoriented. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a
variety of tasks.
A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. Please apply by April 1st, 2024. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line:
Legislative Intern Summer 2024 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you
want to join the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee
to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov

MEM-084-24

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking enthusiastic highly
motivated press/digital interns to work in person in the Washington, DC office
for the Summer Session.
Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day operations of
our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
legislative and communications staff. This includes attending congressional
hearings, writing memos, administrative tasks, answering phones, sorting mail,
and assisting staff.

Page 15 of 24

Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and
editing skills. Preferred applicants have District ties, though not required. This is
a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application
via https://meeks.house.gov/services/internships with a resume, cover letter, up to
2-page writing sample, no later than COB April 5, 2024.
MEM-083-24

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking enthusiastic highly
motivated part time legislative interns to work in person in the Washington, DC
office for the Summer Session.
Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day operations of
our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
legislative and communications staff.
This includes attending congressional hearings, writing memos, administrative
tasks, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting staff. Qualified candidates
will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay attention to detail, be
responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and editing skills. Preferred
applicants have District ties, though not required. This is a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application
via https://meeks.house.gov/services/internships with a resume, cover letter, up to
2-page writing sample, no later than COB April 5, 2024.

MEM-082-24

Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) seeks interns for his Washington, D.C.
office for Summer 2024.
Ideal candidates are organized and passionate undergraduate students, graduate
students, or recent graduates with an interest in public service. They should be
self-starters with excellent writing and organizational skills.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, military status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Special consideration will be
given to candidates with New Jersey ties and to those from backgrounds that are
traditionally underrepresented in Congress.
Key responsibilities of D.C. interns include:
•Greeting guests and assisting with front office operations
•Answering phones, recording constituent opinions, and correctly processing
other inquiries
•Legislative work: attending hearing and briefings, writing memos, composing
Page 16 of 24

cosponsor recommendations, and drafting letters to be sent to constituents
•Organizing incoming mail
•Assisting with press clips and communications tasks
Applications are processed on a rolling basis, and candidates are encouraged to
apply as soon as possible. The internship will take place in-person from May to
August. Preference will be given to those with availability of at least 20 hours per
week, and a stipend will be provided.
To apply, please visit fill out the application and submit a resume and cover letter
through this link: https://menendez.house.gov/services/internships
Please indicate your availability in your cover letter and format the files
[LastName_CoverLetter] and [LastName_Resume].
MEM-080-24

The office of Congressman Victoria Spartz (IN-05) is now accepting applications
for paid, full-time summer congressional internships in our Washington, DC
office.
Key opportunities: Interns in our office get the opportunity to attend
congressional briefings, hearings, and networking events. They also get to work
on a wide variety of legislative issues spanning foreign policy, education, and
economics. Interns who excel in their core duties will be given the opportunity to
direct more of their own work and focus on particular legislative areas of interest.
Core internship duties in the Washington, DC office include:
•Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
•Assisting with office operations
•Attending congressional hearings and policy briefings and providing insights to
legislative staff
•Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
•Taking photos of the Congresswoman at important events
•Conducting Capitol tours for constituents
Successful applicants will be highly motivated, possess excellent written and
verbal communication skills, and interact well with constituents. In addition,
applicants should have a strong interest in the legislative process and the function
of Congress.
To apply, please go to https://spartz.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-079-24

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Summer 2024.
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
Page 17 of 24

service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
*Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
*Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit to at least 20 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District. The deadline to submit applications is March 22, 2024, at
11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ+
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ+
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-076-24

Congressman Cliff Bentz (OR-02) is seeking Spring interns for his Washington
D.C. Office.
Congressman Bentz is a member of the House Judiciary Committee and the
House Natural Resources Committee. Ideal candidates will be college students or
recent graduates who are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detail-oriented,
enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and have customer service experience.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations
and legislative research. Although no two days are the same, an intern may be
expected to answer phones, greet Oregonians, attend policy meetings with other
staff, and assist in managing constituent correspondences and administrative
operations. Interns may also lead tours of the U.S. Capitol and attend committee
hearings.

Page 18 of 24

Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide
valuable experience for future endeavors. The internship will generate the
opportunity to foster excellent connections, learn about many issues affecting our
state and country, gain expertise in any policy areas you might be interested in,
and get a detailed look at what makes the United States the most enduring
democracy in the world.
Desired Availability: Applicants should be able to commit to at least 20 hours per
week. Office hours are 9:00AM – 5:00PM weekdays. The internship is in-person.
All interested applicants are asked to fill out the application form found on the
Congressman’s website: https://bentz.house.gov/services/internships
MEM-075-24

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking a
press/digital intern for the Summer 2024 semester.
The deadline to apply is 5 PM ET, Friday, March 22, 2024.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Compiling and distributing morning press clips
•Tracking media hits for Committee members
•Assisting with video shoots
•Assisting with creating messaging packets and digital toolkits for the caucus
•Writing first drafts of remarks, press releases, and video scripts
•Developing social media content
•Clipping floor and hearing remarks from members
•Providing administrative support, including answering calls and delivering
correspondence
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be
detail-oriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the Committee
and the legislative process. The Committee strongly encourages veterans,
minorities, women, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU and
MSI students to apply.
This full-time or part-time, in-person, paid position is based in Washington, D.C.
Application: All candidates are required to go to https://democratsveterans.house.gov/opportunities to complete an online application to be
considered. Applicants must submit a resume and cover letter.

MEM-074-24

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking a
legislative intern for the Summer 2024 semester.

Page 19 of 24

The deadline to apply is 5 PM ET, Friday, March 22, 2024.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Conducting legislative research
•Managing and responding to constituent correspondence
•Assisting with Committee events
•Attending briefings and hearings for staff
•Drafting memos
•Providing administrative support, including answering calls and delivering
correspondence
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be
detail-oriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the Committee
and the legislative process. The Committee strongly encourages veterans,
minorities, women, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU and
MSI students to apply.
This full-time or part-time, in-person, paid position is based in Washington, D.C.
Application: All candidates are required to go to https://democratsveterans.house.gov/opportunities to complete an online application to be
considered. Applicants must submit a resume and cover letter.
MEM-069-24

“The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) is seeking full or parttime interns for his Washington, D.C. office.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
research. This is a paid internship that complies with the House Paid Internship
Program.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: Summer 2024
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.”

MEM-067-24

“The office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is now accepting
applicants for Summer Congressional Internships in our Washington, DC office.
Successful applicants will be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work
ethic, and interact well with constituents. In addition, applicants should have a
strong interest in the legislative process and the function of Congress. A monthly
stipend will be provided to individuals selected for the internship.
Page 20 of 24

Internship duties in the Washington, DC office may include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
• Attending congressional hearings and policy briefings
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House
• Helping the communications/press team
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Other projects as assigned by the staff
To apply, please email your resume to Wisconsin.resumes@mail.house.gov
Ties to the state of Wisconsin are preferred, but not required. “
MEM-062-24

Congresswoman Hillary Scholten is looking for highly motivated and driven
interns for Summer 2024.
Opportunities are available for both her Washington, D.C. office and her district
office in Grand Rapids.
To apply, please submit your resume, cover letter, and one reference in one PDF
to MI03Internships@mail.house.gov. The subject line must include your full
name and which office you are interested in for your application to be considered.
Interns will receive a monthly stipend. The deadline for applications is Friday,
March 29th at 5:00 p.m.
DC OFFICE
Hours will typically be 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. when Congress is in session and 9 a.m. to
5 p.m. when Congress is out of session. Interns are expected to work full time but
hours can be flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules. The D.C.
Office internship allows interns to get involved with the legislative process.
Responsibilities include:
•Answering phone calls and greeting constituents and stakeholders that enter the
office
•Logging phone calls, mail, and other correspondence into our database
•Drafting letters addressing constituent concerns
•Putting together daily news clips
•Assisting the legislative staff with research and compiling information
•Giving Capitol tours
•Attending hearings and briefings
•Any other tasks assigned by the Internship Coordinator
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Page 21 of 24

Ties to Michigan’s 3rd Congressional District/West Michigan are a plus.
DISTRICT OFFICE- Grand Rapids
The district office is open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday. Interns
are expected to work a minimum of 16 hours weekly, in no less than 4 hours
blocks. This is to accommodate their academic schedules. District office interns
will engage with constituents and the community while being at the intersection
of the federal government.
Responsibilities include:
•Answering phone calls and greeting constituents and stakeholders that enter the
office.
•Logging phone calls, mail, and other correspondence into our database
•Drafting letters addressing constituent concerns
•Monitoring local news and social media for current activities in the district
•Assisting the district staff with research
•Attending meetings with local stakeholders or constituents
•Interacting with government agencies to resolve constituent issues
•Any other tasks assigned by the Internship Coordinator
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Ties to Michigan’s 3rd Congressional District/West Michigan are a plus.
MEM-050-24

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Summer Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting constituent correspondence
•Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
•Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
•Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample (no more
than 1-2 pages), and two references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “Summer Legislative Internship, NAME” by March 30th, 2024.
Please include availability in the cover letter and compile all application materials
into one PDF document.

Page 22 of 24

MEM-043-24

The Washington, D.C., Office of Congressman Adam B. Schiff (CA-30) is
seeking professional, enthusiastic, and hardworking interns to assist staff with
administrative and legislative work.
The Summer 2024 term runs from May through August and is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates. Interns typically work three
days per week, with flexibility to accommodate class schedules. Interns will
receive a stipend. Academic credit is also available.
Responsibilities
•Front office duties, including answering telephones, sorting mail, greeting
visitors, and assisting with the Congressman’s meetings
•Compiling press clips and assisting the communications team
•Processing and drafting responses to constituent correspondence
•Attending briefings and conducting policy research as requested by legislative
staff
•Performing various other tasks to ensure the office functions smoothly
To Apply
All applicants should apply by March 15 at 11:59 p.m.
at https://schiff.house.gov/help/internships
Please note that we always receive more applications than we can accommodate
and that applicants with ties to the 30th District are given preference. Candidates
from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.

MEM-037-24

The Office of Congresswoman Summer Lee is committed to investing in the next
generation of public leaders and citizen activists.
Congressional internships offer a comprehensive learning opportunity to
understand better how congressional offices and the legislative process work.
Both in the Washington, DC, and District Office, the internship program is
designed to be a learning experience in which students are exposed to various
areas including constituent services, scheduling, office administration, press and
communications, and legislative policy.
Typical duties will include answering phones, leading Capitol tours (Washington,
D.C.-based), researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on a variety of
issues. The ideal candidate for this paid, part-time internship will be teamoriented and have strong written and verbal communication skills.
Students and recent graduates who are interested in the legislative process are
highly encouraged to apply. The Congresswoman is on the Oversight and
Page 23 of 24

Accountability Committee and the Space, Science, and Technology Committee.
Ties to Pennsylvania’s 12th Congressional District are preferred, but not
necessary.
All applicants should apply by March 15, 2024
at: https://summerlee.house.gov/internships
MEM-016-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking full-time paid interns for the
Summer 2024 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings,
performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various
projects. Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public
service and progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr. unless funded by
an outside organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter stating availability,
short writing sample, and three references
to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with the subject “2024 Summer
Internship Application – FirstName LastName” by Sunday, March 31st.

Page 24 of 24

