________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 28, 2022

MEM-175-22

Congressman Dan Newhouse (R-WA-04) is currently seeking paid congressional
interns for the Summer 2022 term. The internships are in-person and will run
from May to August. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to undergraduate
and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, opening and sorting mail,
greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks, and
producing a daily memo. Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong
work ethic, attention to detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced work
environment. District ties will be considered however are not required.
Interested applicants should send their resumes, cover letters, and any writing
samples with the subject line “Summer 2022 Internship”
to Ben.Savercool@mail.house.gov

MEM-174-22

Northwest Florida office is seeking summer interns in Washington, DC. The
summer semester runs from May through August, dates are negotiable.
The internship offers opportunities to gain hands-on experience working in a
congressional office including legislative research, operations, and
communications. Qualified applicants should possess strong writing and
communication skills, the ability to multi-task, a positive attitude, a strong sense
of professionalism, and a passion for public service. Candidates enthusiastic
about the America First movement are encouraged to apply.
Page 1 of 20

Interns’ responsibilities will vary. Primary responsibilities include: checking
voicemails, leading Capitol tours, handling mail, assisting with special projects,
attending briefings, performing legislative research, drafting memos, assisting
with case work, and other tasks as needed.
To apply, send a resume and cover letter to northwestflorida000@gmail.com with
the subject “Summer Internship Application”. In your cover letter, please indicate
expected start and end dates and hours available to work. The application
deadline is on a rolling basis.
MEM-167-22

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks
full-time, paid interns for Summer 2022.
Interns will help staff prepare for hearings and markups, take notes on relevant
committee activities, and work on research, oversight, and press-related projects.
Interns will also perform administrative tasks such as answering phones, greeting
visitors, and filing official documents.
Internship Description/Duties:
This position will be a combination of telework and in-office work as safety and
logistics permit. Interns will be given an opportunity to work on substantive
projects under the direction of Committee Staff while also serving a general
administrative function.
Typical Intern Duties include working closely with staff to complete long-term or
short-term projects, preparing research memos on scientific topics, supporting
staff in the preparation of Committee hearing materials, and participating in
events related to the Committee’s jurisdiction.
Qualification/Skills:
Candidate should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, have a strong appreciation for situational awareness, be
able to multitask, and be adaptable to a fast-paced environment. An interest in
topics relevant to the committee’s jurisdiction is preferred.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter
to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-166-22

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Government Operations, is seeking an energetic and selfmotivated graduate or law school student for a full-time internship for Summer
2022.
The position offers the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting
and fast-paced Subcommittee, while participating directly in the oversight

Page 2 of 20

process and learning about the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting staff in preparing for
congressional hearings, writing floor speeches, conducting legal and factual
research, drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive Branch and private sector officials. Interns play a key role in the office
and will work closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Background: The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to
investigate any matter at any time. The Subcommittee on Government Operations
has jurisdiction over issues related to the federal civil service, whistleblower
protections, the U.S. Postal Service; government management and accounting
measures; the economy, efficiency, and management of government operations
and activities; government reorganization; intergovernmental affairs, including
state and local governments; federal information technology security, acquisition
policy, and management; and federal property.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Applicants should be willing to be in the office full time.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing their
resume and cover letter in one PDF titled “last name, first name, Spring 2022
GovOps” to GovOpsSubcommittee@gmail.com with “Spring 2022 Internship
Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please. Only
applicants who are selected for an interview will receive a response.
MEM-156-22

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (D-WI-04) seeks
interns for the upcoming Summer 2022 term. The D.C. office has two types of
internships: A Legislative Internship and a Press Internship.
Legislative Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings,
drafting and editing constituent correspondence letters, researching legislation for
the legislative staff, and providing support for the day-to-day activities of the
office.
Press Intern responsibilities include drafting social media posts, designing
graphics, conducting interview preparation for the Member, drafting and editing
constituent correspondence letters, and assisting the Communications Director in
the day-to-day press operations of the office.
The office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
Page 3 of 20

national origin, age, or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged
to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, a one-page cover letter, and one short
writing sample to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov.
Additionally, applicants should indicate their expected start and end dates,
availability for Monday-Friday, and which position they are applying for (or state
that you do not have a preference). We also ask that applicants for the Press
Internship submit 1-3 sample graphics.
Deadline to apply is 5:00 PM ET on Friday, April 15th, 2022.
MEM-153-22

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergrad students and recent graduates for legislative interns.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process.
Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with administrative
tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing
materials for staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the
opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well as attend briefings
on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fastpaced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a
sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time
candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Interns will receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s
assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.
In your cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling
purposes. Please put “Summer 2022 Legislative Intern Application” in the subject
line. The deadline for applications is April 1, 2022. Please no phone calls or dropins.
Page 4 of 20

MEM-150-22

Congresswoman María Elvira Salazar (FL-27) is currently accepting applicants
for interns in her Miami and Washington, D.C. offices for the summer session.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES: to assist in performing research, processing the
mail, data entry, reception duties, and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS: good oral and written communication skills (Spanish
language skills preferred); ability to work cooperatively and courteously with
others; good organizational skills; and willingness to learn. Ties to South Florida
and means of travel are a plus.
DUTIES:
•performs research and drafts briefs;
•attends community events and Congressional briefings;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephone;
•logs constituent correspondence, including their full names, addresses, and all
other relevant information;
•greets visitors; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the intern coordinator of their office.
DURATION: Summer interns will begin their internship programs no earlier than
May 1 and conclude their program no later than August 15. Interns are expected
to serve in the office at a minimum of 15 hours each week during their tenure.
HOW TO APPLY: the deadline for applications for the Summer 2022 internship
session is April 30.
Interested applicants may submit their resume and a cover letter to Howard
Senior at hs@mail.house.gov (Miami) or Liam Diebel
at liam.diebel@mail.house.gov (Washington, D.C.), in addition to completing the
online application available at https://salazar.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-147-22

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking full or part-time
interns to assist her legislative and press teams in Washington, D.C. for Summer
2022.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with
availability beginning in January. Intern responsibilities include answering
constituent phone calls, compiling press clips, and assisting staff with projects in
a wide array of issue areas.

Page 5 of 20

Candidates should possess strong oral and written communication skills, an
ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor.
Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including policy areas of
interest, desired start date, and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis; deadline to apply is Monday,
April 4, 2022.
MEM-145-22

District Office – Summer Internships
The Lacey Office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently
accepting applications for a paid summer internship (June-August).
Interns will be asked to answer phones, assist the constituent services team,
attend virtual events, research projects, and aid our press team, Congresswoman,
and district staff. As a result, interns learn about constituent services and
engagement and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, strong attention
to detail, customer service skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. South Puget Sound ties are preferred, but not
required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a PDF format
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “District Office Intern-[LAST NAME]” in
the subject line. The deadline for applications is Friday, April 15, 2022.
Applicants are encouraged to submit their application early.
This office is Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin,
sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, military
service, or another non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants are encouraged to apply.
Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-144-22

DC Office – Summer Internships
The office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently accepting
applicants for paid summer internships which will run from June to August.
Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff located in Washington D.C. in
conducting research, drafting memos and constituent mail, answering phones,

Page 6 of 20

attending hearings, inputting casework, attending virtual events, aiding
Congresswoman Strickland’s legislative initiatives.
The office is also looking to hire a press intern to assist the press team.
Responsibilities include compiling clips, drafting social media posts, op-eds,
press releases, digital content, and working with the press team to devise media
strategies and bolster the office’s communication efforts. Experience working in
press, communications, or a related field is a plus.
Ideal candidates for these internships should possess excellent communication
skills, strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF document
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Summer Internship-[LAST NAME]” in
the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship you are
applying for.
The deadline for applications is Friday, April 15, 2022, but applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are incomplete or
submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin,
sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, military
service, or another non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants and individuals in
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no unsolicited
phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-142-22

Congresswoman Jackie Speier’s office seeks proactive, flexible, and detailoriented interns to join Team Speier-ited in her Washington, D.C. office for late
Spring and Summer!
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, resourcefulness, as well as a strong
interest in public
service. Open to all majors and designed for undergraduate, recent graduates, and
graduate students with an interest in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include handling constituent phone calls, compiling daily
press clips, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings and briefings for legislative staff, as well as opportunities to
network with coffees/lunches!

Page 7 of 20

*CA-14 district or California ties are preferred, but not required.
*Full-time and in-person interns preferred, and kindly ask that you please be
vaccinated.
*Start and end dates are flexible, but this paid internship would ideally run from
April to June.
To apply: Please fill out our application found
on https://speier.house.gov/internships with cover letter, resume, and writing
sample, and email all materials to Speier.Internships@mail.house.gov. In the
body of the email, please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you
are interested in a full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can
work. Please also state any ties you have to CA-14 District or California. Thank
you in advance for your interest!
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-141-22

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic applicants for legislative internships in the
Washington, DC office for the Summer of 2022.
Qualified applicants should have strong communications skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. Interns will be provided with computers to complete official work.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Scanning voicemails, processing electronic constituent mail, assisting legislative
staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing
preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other
duties as necessary.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample
to Caitlin.Reedy@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter. The deadline to apply is April 8th, 2022.

MEM-138-22

The Office of Congressman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-00) is seeking motivated,
organized, and hardworking individuals for its summer internship program
(beginning in June and ending in August).
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
providing Capitol tours for constituents, drafting constituent correspondence,
Page 8 of 20

sorting incoming mail, attending briefings and hearings, conducting legislative
research, and other tasks as needed.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, willingness to contribute to a team environment, and eagerness to learn
about the political process and congressional affairs. Delaware ties are a plus.
To apply, please send one compiled PDF of your resume, a cover letter that
describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and 2
references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov, indicating the office (DC or
Wilmington) and the term you are applying for in the subject line. For example:
“DC Spring 2020 Internship.” Please note in the cover letter or body of the email
if the internship is for school credit.
Deadline for applications: April 9th at 11:59pm ET. No phone calls, emails, or
drop-ins please.
For more information visit: https://bluntrochester.house.gov/constituentservices/internships/
MEM-137-22

The Washington, D.C. office of Rep. Greg Stanton seeks enthusiastic and
motivated interns for the Summer 2022 semester.
Interns have a crucial part in our Washington office and are tasked to answer
phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and write
constituent letters on issues before the House, and perform other duties as
assigned. This is a paid opportunity that can accommodate a full or part time
position. Those with Arizona ties are strongly preferred.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, letter of interest and 1-2 page
writing sample to DC_Internships.AZ09@mail.house.gov
Applications are due April 8, 2022.

MEM-136-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a motivated
and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time digital intern
position this summer.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling
and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid

Page 9 of 20

response environment and willingness to learn is a must; sense of humor strongly
encouraged.
This position reports to the communications director. Candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
MEM-135-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented undergraduate or graduate student with a
passion for communications to fill a full-time press intern position this summer.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, voracious consumer of
news, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Press intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, compiling press clips, maintaining
press lists, and drafting press releases. This position reports to the
communications director. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter or writing sample
to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-129-22

Illinois Democratic Office has immediate openings for full-time interns and
fellows to support our administrative, legislative, and communication teams in
our Washington Office.
Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending legislative
briefings and hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail,
researching information, and other duties as assigned.
Applicants should be professional, hardworking, reliable and have strong writing
and communication skills. Illinois ties are preferred, but not required.
Internships are paid/unpaid and are available for the Spring/Summer/Fall
semesters. Interested candidates should submit your writing sample and resume
to ResumeIL01@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-128-22

Congresswoman Barragán’s office is hiring interns for Summer 2022!
We are hiring a new cohort of interns to work this Summer.
The positions include:
•San Pedro | District Office Interns
•D.C. Office Interns
Core responsibilities include assisting in performing research, processing mail,
data entry, reception duties, and other office errands. In addition, interns may take
on legislative and press duties as assigned.
Page 10 of 20

Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and dates of availability
to CA44.internships@mail.house.gov. Email subject line should specify whether
it is for the District Office (San Pedro) or the D.C. Office and the session (Fall,
Winter, Spring, or Summer). IE: “D.C. Office- Summer 2022.” Applications for
all offices are due April 1st at 11:59 pm PST.
Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. All are welcome and encouraged
to apply. CA/ Los Angeles area ties are a plus
More information can be found at: www.Barragan.house.gov/internships
MEM-126-22

The House Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis Majority Staff seeks
motivated and reliable student(s) to fill digital/press summer intern positions. A
political science, public health, or economics background is a bonus, but not
required.
Selected candidates will be responsible for both press and digital duties. Digital
and press responsibilities include but are not limited to: developing a social media
calendar and crafting daily social media content, clipping videos, designing
graphics, manual photography, editing short videos, monitoring social media,
compiling press clips, compiling media lists, conducting press research, drafting
press materials like statements, releases, and op-eds, and performing other press
and administrative tasks as necessary – particularly on hearing days.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with – or be able to be trained
quickly on – programs such as Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe
InDesign, Canva, OBS Studio, Microsoft Suite and Teams, and Cision, as well as
compiling and interpreting social media analytics. Interns will need attention to
detail, strong writing skills, creativity, and a willingness to learn and incorporate
feedback.
Interns will report to the press secretary and digital director. Candidates with
diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Flexible
telework arrangements may be available.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter that specifies start and end dates for
employment, and portfolio in one PDF document by April 1
to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Communications Intern –
NAME”.
Portfolios can include up to 4 examples of candidates’ past work and include
short writing samples, links to short videos, digital graphics, social media posts,
flyers, etc.

Page 11 of 20

MEM-125-22

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking
college students or recent graduates interested in gaining Congressional
experience in a fast-paced office for a full- or part-time internship during
Summer 2022. Start and end dates are flexible.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the
legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties.
Responsibilities Include:
*Answering phones and logging constituent correspondence into Fireside
*Attending briefings on behalf of staff
*Providing Capitol tours
*Drafting constituent correspondence letters
*Performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks.
Florida ties are a plus but not required. Ideal candidates will possess strong
written and oral communication skills, an interest in public service, and a
commitment to serving the people of Florida’s 13th Congressional district.
To apply for an internship with Congressman Crist, please send resume, cover
letter, one writing sample and availability to FL13Internships@mail.house.gov. A
stipend will be provided to accepted applicants.
Deadline to apply is Monday April 4th, 2022.

MEM-120-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is
seeking full-time and part-time paid interns for the Summer 2022 term. This is a
hybrid opportunity and interns will be expected to work both remotely and inperson.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings/hearings, performing
legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects.
Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent communication
skills, a strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public service and
progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by an outside
organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.

Page 12 of 20

State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample,
three references, and availability to Diego.Sanchez@mail.house.gov with the
subject “First Name.Last Name Internship Application.” Applications will be
accepted until Sunday, April 3rd. Incomplete or late applications will not be
accepted.
MEM-117-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz
(FL-23) is looking for Interns to join our office for the summer.
Students chosen will perform a variety of duties for our office and will play an
active role in the daily tasks required to manage a congressional office. Interns
will primarily communicate with constituents and log their concerns (via mail
and phone calls) and support the legislative work of the office. Dedicated interns
have the opportunity – provided they are motivated, energetic, and creative – to
learn how legislation becomes law and affects peoples’ lives.
The summer internship experience is divided into two cohorts, May & June
(Session 1) and July & August (Session 2), although start and end dates are
usually flexible. Preference is given to full-time interns but those seeking a parttime internship are encouraged to apply so long as they can work full shifts (e.g.,
from 9am to 1pm or from 1pm to 5pm). Interns will work on a hybrid schedule,
working from the office on some days and remotely on others.
Qualifications:
•Strong attention to detail
•Excellent oral and written communication skills
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
•Good organizational skills
•Responsible, dependable, and willing to learn
Duties:
•Sorting constituent mail (using Fireside CRM)
•Answering the office main telephone line and logging phone calls
•Attend virtual briefings and hearings, and take copious notes
•Attend in-person committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars
•Conduct background research for briefing memos
•Compile news clips and biographies
•Support the legislative team with research for their projects
•Draft responses to constituent mail (form letters)
•Track and summarize bills and Member sign-on letters
•Assist with setting up for briefings and events
•Assist communications/press team with social media and outreach projects, and
with editing videos and creating graphics as needed
•Perform other duties as assigned by Intern Coordinator(s) and other staff
Page 13 of 20

Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to FL23DCInternResumes@mail.house.gov by March 30th. Cover letter should
indicate desired start and end date for internship.
Please note in your cover letter if you would like to be considered for a needbased stipend to partially cover living and transportation expenses, and include in
your cover letter the desired amount that would cover such costs. Funds are
limited, and we cannot guarantee financial assistance or that we will be able
match your requested level of assistance.
MEM-114-22

Spring/Summer Congressional Internship Opportunity:
Congressman John Garamendi (D-CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his DC team.
Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal
team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative,
administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points,
attending virtual hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls,
assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and
flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-106-22

Republican Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is seeking paid, in-person
interns in his Washington, DC office for the Summer 2022 term.
Functioning as a key part of the staff, our interns help draft constituent
correspondence, memos, and press releases, research legislation, take phone calls,
and assist with various administrative tasks. We are looking for college students
or recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a
fast-paced setting.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
Page 14 of 20

pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. California ties are preferred, but not required and academic credit is
available for qualifying students.
Interested applicants should email their resume and cover letter
to seth.enderson@mail.house.gov.
MEM-104-22

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Summer 2022.
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
*Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
*Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 16 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District. The deadline to submit applications is March 31, 2022 at
11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 15 of 20

MEM-089-22

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a fulltime Press Intern for paid and unpaid internships.
Duties may include, but are not limited to, media monitoring and research,
writing media advisories and press releases, drafting social media and general
communications office support. Ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills,
works well under pressure, and is a skilled multi-tasker. Interns can receive
academic credit.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis until June 1, 2022 for the
summer and fall semesters. To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three
references, and two writing samples to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Press
Intern” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the requirements will not
be considered.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-088-22

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Communications Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Compiling press lists
•Drafting press releases, social media posts, and other communications materials
•Assisting with video editing and graphic design
•Researching various policy issues
•Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communication skills,
familiarity with graphic design and video editing, and relevant internship
experience related to communications, government, or campaigns. A strong work
ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to assist
wherever needed are must-have qualities.
This position will report to the Press Secretary (based in DC), with additional
supervision from the Communications Director (based in PA-05).
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, a short writing sample, a digital
product sample (such as social media posts, graphics, or videos created by the
candidate), and two references to carina.figliuzzi@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Summer Comms Internship, NAME” Please compile all application
materials into one PDF document.

MEM-087-22

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Legislative Internship

Page 16 of 20

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting constituent correspondence
•Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
•Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
•Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Emily.Kastenberg@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Summer
Legislative Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and
compile all application materials into one PDF document.
MEM-083-22

Summer Internship Opening for Rep. Josh Gottheimer (D-NJ)
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Josh Gottheimer (NJ-05) is
seeking motivated, organized, and hardworking individuals for the summer term.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
providing Capitol tours for constituents, drafting constituent correspondence,
sorting incoming mail, attending briefings and hearings, conducting legislative
research, and other tasks as needed.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication,
willingness to contribute to a team environment, and eagerness to learn about the
political process and congressional affairs. New Jersey ties are a plus.
Please send a resume, cover letter, one-page writing sample, and dates of
availability as one PDF with subject line “DC SUMMER INTERNSHIP 2022”
to nj5jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-062-22

The office of Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time paid interns for the summer internship
sessions in our DC office.
Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support. Interns are also encouraged to attend hearings, lectures, and seminars
available in Congress and around the Hill. Congresswoman DeLauro's staff is
willing to provide projects specific to the interests of the intern, whenever
possible.

Page 17 of 20

Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability or sexual orientation.
How to Apply: The deadline for summer applications is March 31st. If you are
interested, please email a cover letter, resume, a brief writing sample (1-2 pages),
two references, and a completed application (found
at https://tinyurl.com/5fpw48p6 ) to Molly.Opinsky@mail.house.gov.
If you have any additional questions or would like to be mailed an application,
please feel free to contact Molly Opinsky in Congresswoman DeLauro's office at
(202) 225-3661.
Internships are also available in the Third Congressional District Office for
interested students. Please contact Jennifer Lamb in the District Office at (203)
562-3718 for more information.
MEM-059-22

The Office of Congresswoman Angie Craig is currently accepting applicants for
paid hybrid summer internships in the DC and District Offices.
Summer internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be conducted in a hybrid
format in accordance with the current public health guidance. Internships will
begin no earlier than May 16, 2022 and extend no later than August 31, 2022.
All interns are paid $15 per hour and provided with all of the necessary
technology for their work. Schedules are flexible to accommodate course
schedules and academic programs; however, a minimum availability of 20-25
hours per week is highly preferred.
Interns in the Washington, D.C. office will focus on researching legislation,
attending hearings and constituent meetings, answering constituents’ phone calls,
logging and drafting constituent correspondence, and assisting legislative and
communications staff members on various projects.
Interns in the Burnsville office will focus on constituent casework, answering
constituents’ phone calls, community outreach and research, in-district event
planning, and assisting the outreach, casework, and communications staff
members on various projects. All interns will have the opportunity to work with
staff in both offices over the course of the internship.

Page 18 of 20

As a result, interns will learn about the legislative process, learn about all of the
different functions of a congressional office, and gain hands-on professional
experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s Second Congressional
District. The program is tailored to fit interns’ policy interests and career goals.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident
and effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers, and possess strong
writing skills. They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with
the general public.
Application Instructions:
•To apply for an internship based in Rep. Craig’s Washington, D.C. office, please
submit a resume and cover letter in one PDF document,
to craig.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(Last Name) DC
Summer Internship Application.”
•To apply for an internship based in Rep. Craig’s District office in Burnsville,
please submit a resume and cover letter in one PDF document,
to craig.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(Last Name) DO
Summer Internship Application.”
•If you would like your application to be considered for both offices, please use
the subject line “(Last Name) BOTH Summer Internship Application.”
•Please include your earliest start date, latest end date, and weekly availability
between 8am and 5pm CST in your cover letter.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented
backgrounds to apply.
Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status.
For Summer 2022 internships, applications must be submitted no later than
11:59pm on Sunday, April 3, 2022. Late submissions will not be considered nor
accepted. If you have any questions regarding the application process, please
email craig.internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-047-22

The Office of Congressman Pete Aguilar will be offering in-person summer
internships in the DC and District Offices.
Summer internships typically run Monday through Friday, from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. Interns will have the chance to experience a congressional office's fast-paced
atmosphere and gain valuable work experience. This internship is an excellent
opportunity for those interested in public service and the legislative process.

Page 19 of 20

DC Interns will assist with tasks, including answering phones, drafting
constituent correspondence, and assisting with media clips. District Interns may
be assigned to assist in various constituent casework or work on community
outreach and grants related projects. DC Interns will also have the opportunity to
attend policy briefings and assist staff with legislative research.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, professionalism, attention to detail, and the ability to function in a fastpaced environment. Ties to CA-31 and California are strongly preferred.
To apply, please email your resume, cover letter, availability, and office
preference (DC or District) to Aguilar.Internships@mail.house.gov.
The deadline for summer submissions is Friday, April 1st, at 11:59 p.m. PT.
Interviews will be conducted over the following two weeks. The estimated start
date for the internship is June 6th, 2022. If you have any questions regarding the
application process, please email Aguilar.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 20 of 20

