________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 2, 2020

MEM-092-20

Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-17) has Summer 2020 openings for full and parttime congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be
motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning in
May, and a preference for those who can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania
ties are a plus but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects
in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and
written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and
availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov

MEM-091-20

Congressman Steve Watkins (R-KS) is seeking a paid intern to start immediately
in his Capitol Hill office. The internship dates and schedule are flexible to
accommodate classes. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee
hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence
Page 1 of 15

process, as well as assist with other constituent services. If interested, you will
also be able to assist with regular press/communications duties.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume to Dylan.Jones@mail.house.gov.
Please specify what your internship schedule may look like, including preferred
start/end dates.
MEM-090-20

The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking a second
or third year graduate or law student as a ‘Labor Policy Intern’ or ‘Labor Policy
Fellow’ for the spring of 2020. Interns and Fellows perform a variety of tasks that
support the staff in our legislative work.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research, legal
research, and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and
speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and
attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of
informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy
proposals.
Applicants should be able to start immediately and commit through May.
Graduates and Fellows should be able to demonstrate study, practical or policy
experience in issues relevant to the Committee. Fellows must be participating in
an established fellowship program.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship
applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov. Please,
also, include two short, relevant writing samples in your application materials.
Applicants may visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships
for more information.

MEM-089-20

Congresswoman Elaine G. Luria (VA-02) member of the House Armed Services
Committee and House Veterans Affairs Committee, where the Congresswoman
serves as Chair of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee,
seeks a paid press intern for her Washington DC office.
Responsibilities may include drafting social media content, monitoring social
media platforms, drafting constituent correspondence and outreach, and assisting
the Communications Team with other tasks as needed. The press intern will
report to and work closely with the Press Assistant and the Communications
Director.
Qualified candidates should be motivated, detail-oriented, a team player, and
possess strong oral and written communication skills. Virginia ties are a plus.
Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
Page 2 of 15

To apply, please email a single PDF including your cover letter listing your
availability, resume and a 1-2 page writing sample to
VA02DC.Interns@mail.house.gov with “Your Name: VA-02 Summer Press
Internship” in the subject line.
Please no drop-ins or phone calls.
MEM-088-20

Congresswoman Elaine G. Luria (VA-02) member of the House Armed Services
Committee and House Veterans Affairs Committee, where the Congresswoman
serves as Chair of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee,
seeks paid interns for her Washington DC office. Responsibilities may include
answering phones, leading Capitol tours, up-keeping constituent mail and
correspondence, preparing memoranda, attending briefings and hearings, and
assisting staff with legislative projects.
Qualified candidates should be motivated, detail-oriented, a team player,
outgoing, and possess strong oral and written communication skills. Virginia ties
are a plus but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are
encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please email a single PDF including your cover letter listing your
availability, resume and 1-2 page writing sample to
VA02DC.Interns@mail.house.gov with “Your Name: VA-02 Summer
Internship” in the subject line.
Please no drop-ins or phone calls.

MEM-087-20

The Office of Congresswoman Frederica Wilson is seeking full-time and parttime interns for spring and summer 2020.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
greeting constituents, assisting legislative staff, assisting with constituent letters,
and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates will have excellent customer service skills, a strong work
ethic, keen attention to detail, and the ability to navigate an active office.
Qualified candidates will also have strong oral and written communication skills
and be able to work well on a team.
Internships include a stipend and the office will work with current students to
receive college credits. Interested applicants should send in one document their
resume, a brief writing sample, and their expected start and end dates to
Devin.wilcox@mail.house.gov.

Page 3 of 15

Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, age, or any other identifier.
MEM-085-20

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full or part-time congressional
internship in the Washington, D.C. office for remainder of spring and
summer. Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos,
assisting with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks.
Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. California
residents or strong ties to San Diego are preferred. Candidates should be prepared
to work a minimum of 10 hours per week.
Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and availability
(start and end dates as well as days per week) to
CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “Last Name, First Name, CA52
Internship” in the subject line.
Our office offers a paid internship to one college student per internship session.
Students applying for the paid internship must meet one of the following criteria:
a) be eligible for the Pell Grant or b) receive financial aid as a student with
disabilities. We accept applications from college sophomores, juniors and seniors
(at the time of applying).
Participation in this program is intended to open opportunities for students who
are seeking a career in public service, but do not have the personal or family
means to participate in an unpaid internship. To prove eligibility for the Pell
Grant/other need-based awards, please have the financial aid department at your
college complete the form at the bottom of this page:
scottpeters.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-083-20

The office of Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro is accepting applications for the
Summer 2020 internship program in the Washington, DC office. Applicants
should have an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, possess excellent
writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Intern responsibilities include supporting legislative and press staff, attending
hearings and briefings, answering constituent phone calls, leading US Capitol
tours, organizing constituent mail, greeting office visitors, and various ad hoc
projects. For application information, please visit
https://delauro.house.gov/services/internships. Please email your completed
application to Harper.White@mail.house.gov
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability or sexual orientation.
Page 4 of 15

MEM-081-20

The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is seeking to fill an immediate
vacancy for a paid undergraduate internship. Interns perform a variety of tasks
that support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may
include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical
writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and
markup preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups,
briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they
work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping
to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the
production of daily news clips.
Applicants should be able to start immediately and commit through May.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship
applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov and put
‘Spring 2020 Undergraduate’ in the subject line of the email. Please visit our
website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
Interviews will be scheduled on a rolling basis.
The Committee on Education and Labor is a legislative office within the U.S.
House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over a broad array of
child welfare, education and labor policy areas, including early childhood
education, K-12 education, higher education, employer/employee relations,
worker safety, and employer provided health care. Representative Robert C.
“Bobby” Scott (D-VA) serves as Chairman.

MEM-080-20

The Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, Civilian
Security, and Trade is seeking full-time and part-time interns based in
Washington, D.C. Interns will work closely with subcommittee staff while
learning the inner workings of Congress and the legislative process. Successful
candidates will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detail-oriented,
with strong writing and communication skills and an ability to thrive in a fastpaced work environment.
The terms of the Internship will be from April to June 2020 and June to August
2020. Undergraduate or graduate school students and recent alumni interested in
foreign affairs and Western Hemisphere policy are encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, attending
hearings and briefings, providing administrative and research support to staff, and
assisting with subcommittee hearings and events, among other office and
research tasks. Spanish, French or Portuguese proficiency preferred but not
required.
Qualified applicants should send a one-page resume and cover letter to
WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “ Late Spring 2020 Internship
Page 5 of 15

Application” or “Summer 2020 Internship Application.” Minorities, women, and
LGBTQIA+ individuals and those with disabilities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Please be sure to include your preferred start and end date. Late spring
candidates should apply immediately and summer candidates can submit
application by March 31st. No calls or drop-ins.
MEM-078-20

A senior member serving on the House Financial Services Committee is seeking
a summer semester, financial services intern to assist the Senior Advisor
covering the financial services portfolio.
The person in this role will work on substantive financial services issues ranging
from banking, housing, capital markets, fintech, insurance, monetary policy, etc.
This will not be a typical internship answering phones or giving tours. You will
be attending hearings, monitoring legislation, assisting with industry and
constituent correspondence, auditing briefings, etc.
You will gain an in-depth understanding of working on the Hill and will have
valuable exposure to the Financial Services Committee and network. You should
leave this internship with a better understanding of both the financial services
industry as well as current policy that is impacting the industry.
Ideal candidates must be hard working, have an interest in financial services, and
a willingness to learn. You also must be able to work full-time. Candidates do not
have to have a background in financial services in order to be considered.
This is a paid internship.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Attend Committee hearings and briefings.
•Conduct legislative and policy research.
•Track and monitor legislation.
•Formulate hearing questions from witness testimony.
•Assist with preparation of hearing, markup, and Floor briefing books.
•Observe House proceedings.
•Acquire an understanding of Committee mechanics.
•Prepare memoranda on meetings, hearings, and briefings attended or researched.
•Collect signatures from Member offices for letters, dissenting views, etc.
•Attend Congressional Research Training seminars.
To apply, please send a resume to Ashley.Gunn@mail.house.gov

MEM-077-20

Congresswoman Lauren Underwood (IL-14) is delighted to announce 2020
summer internship opportunities in her Washington, DC and West Chicago, IL
offices.

Page 6 of 15

Internships are designed to offer students and recent graduates direct participation
in public service through supporting our offices' constituent engagement and
services, administrative responsibilities, and research.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, assist
with correspondence, coordinate and conduct tours, research legislation, assist
with constituent casework, and attend hearings and briefings on various issues.
Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, flexible, and possess the ability
to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Summer internships are available from May until August, with start and end dates
tailored to accommodate an academic calendar year. Internship hours run from
9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. on weekdays. Please note that interns are expected to work
a minimum of 20 hours per week. A limited number of paid positions are
available for internship applicants who are not sponsored by outside
organizations.
The deadline to apply, for the summer semester is March 20, 2020. Preference
will be given to applicants with ties to the Illinois 14th.
To learn more and apply, please click here.
(https://underwood.house.gov/services/internships/internship-form)
For questions about internships please call our office (202) 225-2976.
MEM-075-20

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-21) D.C. office seeks interns for the
upcoming Summer 2020 semester. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of
professionalism and maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a team player
with a positive attitude. This position demands the ability to multi-task, strong
organizational skills and must work cooperatively and courteously with others in
a shared space.
Duties include: answering telephone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol,
assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing assistance to the D.C.
staff. Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South
Florida ties a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested
applicants should submit a resume and cover letter. Cover letter should detail
reasons for applying to the position. Please indicated which session is preferredSession A (May 11-June 19) or Session B (June 22- July 31).
Deadline to apply by is March 2nd, 2020 COB. All materials must be submitted
to Acree.Trivett@mail.house.gov

MEM-074-20

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking paid interns for the
Summer 2020 session in his Capitol Hill office. The Summer session dates are
May 18 – August 31. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee
Page 7 of 15

hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence
process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. To be eligible for our
paid intern program, the applicant must be able to complete no less than a 24hour work week. The internship schedule is flexible to accommodate classes.
Ties to Virginia’s First Congressional District are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to
sarah.newsome@mail.house.gov before March 6th, 2020. Please specify what
your internship schedule may look like.
MEM-071-20

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
Summer Interns for the Washington, D.C. office starting in May/June. Interns in
our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable
career and educational experience.
Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending policy
briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, producing
daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members on various
projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! Candidates
of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2020 Summer Pocan Internship” in the
subject line. For further information regarding the internship program, please see
the internship page on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/
Deadline to apply: March 15, 2020
We also highly encourage every applicant to apply to our scholarship program
after submitting an application. The application can be found here:
https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program

MEM-070-20

The Office of Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez is currently accepting
applications for a full-time legislative internship. The internship is paid and
offers metro reimbursement.
Page 8 of 15

Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention
to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of
humor. Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors,
answering phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and
constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks.
Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to
DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Internship” in the
subject line.
The application deadline is Friday, April 17th.
MEM-069-20

The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking a highly motivated,
proactive Summer Press Intern with strong writing and organizational skills. The
internship is paid and offers metro reimbursement.
Duties include assisting the Chief of Staff and Press Secretary with day-to-day
operations – including but not limited to: creating daily social media and video
content, tracking press clips and traffic on social media, and drafting press
releases, op-eds, newsletters and video scripts.
Responsibilities may include creating, drafting and posting content on all
platforms and growing the Congresswoman’s e-newsletter program and updating
the website. Ideal candidates are politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative
self-starters familiar with social media and digital trends.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter with their availability,
and three digital or writing samples in a single PDF to
DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Press Internship” in
the subject line. The application deadline is Friday, April 17th.

MEM-068-20

The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking a highly motivated,
proactive Spring Press Intern with strong writing and organizational skills. The
position will be filled on a rolling basis, and offers a stipend and metro
reimbursement.
Duties include assisting the Chief of Staff and Press Secretary with day-to-day
operations – including but not limited to: creating daily social media and video
content, tracking press clips and traffic on social media, and drafting press
releases, op-eds, newsletters and video scripts.
Responsibilities may include creating, drafting and posting content on all
platforms and growing the Congresswoman’s e-newsletter program and updating

Page 9 of 15

the website. Ideal candidates are politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative
self-starters familiar with social media and digital trends.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter with their availability,
and three digital or writing samples in a single PDF to
DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Spring Press Internship” in
the subject line.
MEM-067-20

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Summer of 2020. Qualified applicants should
possess strong communication skills, be interested in learning about the
legislative process, and have a willingness to work in our fast-paced office.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional
tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
intern.OH06@gmail.com

MEM-065-20

The Office of Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez is currently accepting
applications for a full-time paid internship. Ideal candidates should possess
excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in
a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor.
Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering
phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and
constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks.
Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to
DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Summer Internship” in the
subject line.
The application deadline is Friday, April 17th, 2020.

MEM-062-20

“Republican office looking for interns for the Summer 2020 semester. Please
email abigail.michos@mail.house.gov”

MEM-061-20

The Majority Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks
candidates for a full or part-time legal or graduate student summer internship,
beginning in May or June, running through August 2020.
Responsibilities may include conducting legislative research, producing analyses
on proposed climate and environmental policies, attending briefings and hearings
Page 10 of 15

for staff, and other tasks as assigned or needed. The ideal candidate will be detailoriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have excellent writing and communications
skills. An interest in environmental law or policy is strongly desired; this
internship is geared towards those entering their 2L or 3L year, or those enrolled
in MPP programs, as of Fall 2020.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with
“Summer Legal/Grad Student Intern” in the subject line by March 6, 2020. Please
include your approximate dates of availability in the message, and how many
days per week you would be available. The office is an equal opportunity
employer, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-060-20

The Majority Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks full or
part-time candidates for summer internships, beginning in May or June, running
through August 2020.
Responsibilities may include conducting administrative tasks for the committee,
attending briefings and hearings for staff, conducting research projects, preparing
and assembling materials for Committee hearings and events, and other tasks as
assigned or needed. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, self-motivated,
reliable, and have excellent writing and communications skills. An interest in
environmental, climate change, or science policy is strongly desired and
preferred.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with
“Summer Intern” in the subject line by March 6, 2020. Please include your
approximate dates of availability in the message, and how many days per week
you would be available. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse
candidates are encouraged to apply.
No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-050-20

The Office of U.S. Representative Grace Meng is accepting intern applications
for Summer 2020. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course
schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session,
and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
In Washington, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer
phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff,
attend hearings and briefings and draft constituent letters on various issues before
the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many
other functions of a congressional office.

Page 11 of 15

Interested candidates should email NY06_Intern_App@mail.house.gov a cover
letter, resume, a 1-2 page writing sample, and three references.
MEM-048-20

The Office of Congressman Pete Stauber is seeking full-time interns for the
Summer of 2020. Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the
front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting legislative staff
with research, assisting with constituent letters, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who have
excellent customer service skills, have a strong work ethic, and pay close
attention to detail. Qualified candidates will also have strong oral and written
communication skills and be able to work well on a team. Minnesota ties are
required, and Minnesota-08 ties are preferred.
Internships include a monthly stipend and the office will work with current
students to receive college credits. Interested applications should send their
resume, brief cover letter, and references to Eric.Gebhart@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate expected start and end dates.

MEM-047-20

The Democratic Staff of the House Natural Resources Committee is seeking fulltime Interns for the Summer session (May-August). Applicants must be
organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we seek interns who are
passionate about issues within the Natural Resources Committee’s jurisdiction
and demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills. We are currently accepting
applications for the following paid positions:
-Legislative Intern
-Communications Intern
-Counsel Intern
-Oversight and Investigations Intern
To apply, address your application materials to Carlyn LeGrant at
NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Summer Internship
Application.” Please include a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample. In
the email, specify which of our internships you’re applying to. The deadline for
all summer applications is Friday March 6th.
For more information, visit https://naturalresources.house.gov/contact/internships

MEM-046-20

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a fulltime press intern for spring 2020.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to writing social media content,
drafting press releases, answering phones, attending briefings and hearings for
staff, compiling press clips, and other tasks depending on the needs of the
Committee and the intern’s interests.
Page 12 of 15

Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills as
well as a desire to help veterans and learn about the House and legislative
process.
Submit a resume and cover letter to veterans.internships@mail.house.gov. Please
include in your cover letter how many days a week you would be available to
intern as well as your preferred start and end dates. Internships are unpaid.
MEM-044-20

The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) is seeking a press intern to assist
with an aggressive communications and constituent services operation for Spring
2020. This internship is a paid position.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong work ethic, pay close attention to
detail, and have solid writing and editing skills. Applicants must have the ability
to work cooperatively in a fast-paced environment. The intern will be expected to
work a minimum of 20 hours per week.
Intern responsibilities include:
* Assisting with the direct mail and constituent correspondence operation
* Compiling press clips
* Event photography
* Creating graphics
* Clipping videos including floor speeches and media interviews
* Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with dates of
availability to spanbergerpressva07@gmail.com with “Spring 2020 Press
Internship” in the subject line. We also recommend—but do not require—
applicants submit 1-2 sample writing samples or sample graphics.
Rep. Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed
service.

MEM-042-20

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Summer 2020 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks.
District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop
ins, please. Please email FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov, with your resume,
cover letter & a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF.

Page 13 of 15

MEM-041-20

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time summer 2020 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives.
Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings
(hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phones, and providing
support to all Committee staff.
To apply, please visit : https://republicans cha.house.gov/about/internshipapplication and submit your application by March 13th.

MEM-040-20

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks
full-time, paid interns for Summer 2020. Interns are asked to work with staff to
help prepare for committee hearings and markups and will work on substantive
research and oversight projects in addition to press matters.
Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including
tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
https://science.house.gov/contact/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-039-20

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks
full-time and part time, paid interns for Spring 2020. Interns are asked to work
with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups and will work on
substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters.
Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including
tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at

Page 14 of 15

https://science.house.gov/contact/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.

Page 15 of 15

