________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 20, 2018

MEM-063-18

The Majority House Budget Committee is hiring an intern starting immediately.
As an intern with the House Budget Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting Committee staff in assignments that include compiling the daily Budget
News Clips, sorting and processing mail, answering the phones, assembling
reference material, administrative support, and special projects. Much of the work
you will do is actual work performed on a daily basis by other members of the
Committee staff.
Full and part-time positions are available. Paid internships are available to
anyone who is not receiving course credits through a university.
Please submit the application found at https://budget.house.gov/about/internships,
your resume, cover letter and one page writing sample as one PDF package to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov.

MEM-062-18

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergrad and recent graduates to interns for our Summer 2018
program (May/June through August/September).

Page 1 of 8

An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well
as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidate is an organized and committed student or recent graduate
who is eager to join a fast-paced environment and build upon their knowledge of
how Congress works—in particular, the role that congressional committees play
in the federal legislative process. Superior writing and communication skills,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is
preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov, with
“Summer 2018 Democratic Staff Internship” in the subject line.
*In your cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling
purposes.*
MEM-061-18

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking
conservative, highly motivated, and organized applicants for a full or part-time
unpaid internship beginning in May and ending in August, with flexible start and
end dates.
Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not
required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or
school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover
letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2018 Summer Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-060-18

The Office of Congressman A. Donald McEachin (VA-04) seeks a Press Intern.
Current college students and recent grads are encouraged to apply. Primary
responsibilities will include: compiling and distributing daily news clips; press
list maintenance; media monitoring; drafting graphics, social media content, press
Page 2 of 8

releases, advisories, website content, and floor speeches. Candidates must have
strong written and verbal communication skills as well as the ability to work
under tight deadlines. Individuals with a background in communications,
journalism, public relations, public affairs or political science is strongly
preferred. Please send a resume, brief cover letter, two short writing samples, and
availability to jamitress.bowden@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press
Intern” by March 1st. Internship will start as soon as a qualified candidate is
identified.
MEM-058-18

The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff is
seeking a motivated and reliable digital intern to fill a spring position. This is an
excellent opportunity to those who are interested in digital design, social media,
technology, and the congressional process. Intern responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, content creation, website frontend and backend, analytics,
photography, videography, and performing other press and administrative tasks
as necessary. Successful candidates will possess skills in Adobe programs
(Photoshop, Illustrator, LightRoom, Premier Pro, Audition, and After Effects),
CMS, CSS, HTML, manual photography, analytics, and an ability to work in a
fast-paced, rapid response environment. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. To apply, please fill out all the fields in the following form
with “Digital Internship” as the internship type: https://democratsoversight.house.gov/about/internships-and-fellowships.

MEM-057-18

The Republican staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of
the House of Representatives seeks candidates for law student, graduate student,
and undergraduate student internships for spring 2018 and summer 2018. Interns
will have the opportunity to participate in substantive work on investigations and
legislation, attend hearings and briefings, and participate in an intern education
program. Undergraduate interns will also rotate through assisting in the front
office on a recurring basis.
Spring internships are available immediately and typically run through the middle
of April, although specific dates will be determined a case-by-case basis. Interns
must be available at least three days a week, and preference will be afforded those
available full time.
The strongest candidates will exhibit an excellent work ethic, discretion in
working on confidential matters, and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about
the Committee’s work.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter detailing their
interest in the position to Michael.Watson@mail.house.gov and
Robert.Brooks@mail.house.gov. Graduate students and law students are
encouraged to include an unedited writing sample.
Page 3 of 8

MEM-054-18

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office this spring/summer. Candidates should be
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-053-18

The office of Congresswoman Martha McSally is seeking a full-time press
intern for the summer of 2018 in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting social media posts, opeds, and press releases, creating graphics, preparing talking points, managing
website content, and corresponding with constituents.
Ideal candidates will have strong writing and interpersonal skills, a high sense of
urgency and a proactive work ethic, experience managing social media pages,
writing press releases, and creating graphics with photoshop. Arizona ties are
preferred.
Interested candidates should email resumes and three work samples to
AZ02Intern@gmail.com with the subject “Press Intern Application.”

MEM-052-18

The Republican office of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee is currently
accepting applications for full-time internships. Working closely with
Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge
of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional
committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced, front office answering
phones and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting staff with
hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research
projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates must have a
genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic, team player
attitude. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred. Please note the
Page 4 of 8

internships are unpaid positions. Please send cover letter and resume to:
var.internship@mail.house.gov.
MEM-050-18

New Jersey Democrat seeking interns for the spring semester - Qualified
candidates will be organized, motivated self-starters, with strong communication
and writing skills. Day-to-day duties include assisting with front office
operations which includes greeting visitors, opening and sorting mail, answering
phones, and conducting Capitol tours. Interns will also attend hearings and
briefings and conduct research for staff. This internship is unpaid. Please send
cover letter, resume, and a one page writing sample
to: nj08jobs@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-049-18

Texas Republican Representative’s D.C. office is currently accepting internship
applications for this Spring. We are looking for highly qualified candidates that
are motivated, detail-oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have
excellent research and writing abilities, an interest in government and politics,
and be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. These are unpaid
positions, but interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol
Hill, learn about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest.
Responsibilities include answering phones, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on
various projects. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
Kristin Repass at Kristin.Repass@mail.house.gov. Texas ties are preferred, but
not required.

MEM-042-18

The office of Congressman Walter B. Jones (NC-03) is currently seeking
applicants for an internship in either his Washington, D.C. or Greenville, N.C.
office for the Summer 2018 term. Interns in the Washington office help draft
constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, and
function as a key part of the staff. Interns also assist with answering phone calls,
providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the constituent flag request our
office receives. In the state office, interns will interact with constituents, work
with federal agencies, and participate in outreach projects in order to resolve
problems facing the people of Eastern North Carolina, as well as assist the staff
with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or recent
graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fast paced
setting. The ideal candidate possesses strong organizational, communication, and
writing skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a
must. Although the internship is unpaid, you will gain valuable professional
experience and an inside look at the lawmaking process on Capitol Hill.
Academic credit is available for qualifying students. North Carolina and/or
military ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should apply at
www.jones.house.gov by March 15th.
Page 5 of 8

MEM-040-18

The Office of Congressman Ralph Norman (SC-05) is seeking hardworking
interns for the Spring and Summer of 2018. Interns duties will include
conducting legislative research, assisting with front office operations, helping
with constituent relations, and conducting Capitol tours. Interns will have the
opportunity to learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a congressional
office.
Ideal candidates must be detail-oriented, professional, hardworking, creative, and
able to work in a fast-paced environment. Although South Carolina ties are
preferred, they are not required. This internship is unpaid. If you have any
candidates or students that you feel fir this description, please send their resume
to jake.hilkin@mail.house.gov.

MEM-039-18

Congressman John P. Sarbanes, a member of the Health Subcommittee on the
House Energy & Commerce Committee, is seeking a fellow or intern to focus
primarily on health policy. Responsibilities include monitoring and analyzing
legislation, providing research and support in advance of hearings and markups,
meeting with advocates and stakeholders and attending briefings, hearings and
other related meetings and events as well as some administrative tasks. Ideal
candidate would be a graduate student or recent graduate with an advanced
degree in public health, public policy or political science or someone with an
interest in health policy or experience in a health care related field. Preference is
for an individual who can work a minimum of 25-30 hours/week. This is an
unpaid position but offers a unique opportunity to gain a thorough understanding
of how health care policy is developed. To apply, please send a resume and cover
letter to Dvora Lovinger at dvora.lovinger@mail.house.gov.

MEM-036-18

Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking interns to work in his
Washington, DC office for the Summer semester. Intern responsibilities include
greeting guests in the front office, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol
building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have
the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a
positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication
skills. Those interested should send their resume and cover letter to
caleb.baca@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so
there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to
accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties preferred but not required.

MEM-035-18

The office of Representative Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) seeks a full-time intern in
his Washington, DC office starting immediately. Ideal candidates possess strong
written and verbal communication skills, organizational skills, an attention to
detail, and a positive attitude. Main responsibilities include overseeing tour and
flag requests, giving tours, attending briefings, helping with graphic design,
processing mail and letters, assisting with constituent correspondence, and
helping with other office duties. California ties are preferred, but not required.
Page 6 of 8

Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
Kathleen.devlin@mail.house.gov.
MEM-034-18

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04) seeks highly
motivated full or part-time interns for Spring 2018, available to start in early
February. Internship will last into May. Successful candidates will demonstrate
that they are organized, detail-oriented, and professional. Strong written and oral
communication skills are essential.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will:
answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the
US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative
research. Internships are unpaid, but arrangements may be made to earn academic
credit. Interns will also participate in professional development activities within
the office.
Please send a resume, cover letter, three professional references and a brief
writing sample to OR04.InternCoordinator@mail.house.gov with the subject
“Spring 2018 Internship”. Applicants with part time schedules should include
what days/times they are available during the week. Candidates with Oregon ties
are strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-033-18

The Washington D.C. Office of Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán is
seeking enthusiastic and highly motivated interns for Winter and Spring 2018 –
January through May. Ideal candidates will be professional, dependable, and
possess strong writing and communication skills. Responsibilities include
assisting staff with front office operations, conducting legislative research,
answering constituent calls and inquiries, conducting U.S. Capitol tours,
attending committee briefings and hearings, and learning about the day-to-day
operations of a congressional office. This position is unpaid. Ties to Southern
California and strong sense of humor preferred, but not required. Please email
resume and cover letter to Ricardo.Pacheco@mail.house.gov.

MEM-028-18

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for
three summer sessions in the Capitol Hill office. The summer session dates are
May 14- June 15, June 18- July 20, and July 23- August 24. Interns will have the
opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist
in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent
services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First
Congressional District are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should
Page 7 of 8

e-mail their resume and cover letter to katie.mazzola@mail.house.gov before
February 25, 2018. Please specify which summer sessions you are available to
intern.

Page 8 of 8

