________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 2, 2017

MEM-422-16

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-21) D.C. office seeks interns for the Spring
semester. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and
maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude.
This position demands the ability to multi-task, high efficiency and strong
organizational skills as well as an ability to work cooperatively and courteously
with others. Duties include: answering telephone calls, responding to general
constituent inquiries and requests for tours, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and providing administrative assistance to the DC staff.
Undergraduate students or recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a
plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should
send a resume and cover letter to: olivia.hodge@mail.house.gov.

MEM-417-16

Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern
for her Washington, D.C. office for Winter/Spring (January – May/June ). This
internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fastpaced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties
include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members
with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to
attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be
Page 1 of 10

motivated; detail orientated and possesses strong communication and writing
skills. This is a great opportunity for recent graduates seeking Hill experience.
Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a resume and
cover letter to kevin.dollhopf@mail.house.gov

MEM-416-16

The Washington office of Rep. Mark Sanford (SC-01) seeks internship
candidates for the upcoming spring semester that would be able to start in
January 2017.
Applicants should possess strong writing skills, be well organized, generally
knowledgeable of legislative and related issues, able to complete tasks as
directed, and have an eye for detail. Main duties will include answering
telephones, logging constituent calls, giving tours of the Capitol to visitors,
opening and sorting mail, and assisting with other administrative tasks. However,
interns will have MANY opportunities to take on additional assignments within
the office, at the discretion of staff.
Anyone interested should email a resume to
SC01InternApplicants@mail.house.gov and list their potential start date in the
body of the email. South Carolina ties are preferred, but not required.

MEM-415-16

Congressman Luis V. Gutiérrez (IL-04) is seeking interns available for an
immediate start for the Winter / Spring 2017 semester. Interns will work in a fastpaced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the
legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as
attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Intern responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling constituent
phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff
with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information
with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a
team, and have strong attention to detail. Illinois ties a plus.
Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit to at least three full days per week (9:00AM 5:30PM). Please submit resume and cover letter to
Julissa.Santoy@mail.house.gov ASAP.

MEM-411-16

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking unpaid interns for the Spring
Semester. Intern duties will include assisting with administrative and legislative
tasks, answering phones, processing mail, providing capitol tours, and attending
briefings. Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate
Page 2 of 10

New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and dates
of availability to noor.teebi@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship” in the
subject field.

MEM-410-16

The office of Congressman Raul Ruiz (CA-36) is currently seeking full and parttime unpaid scheduling interns for Fall 2016 to work in the Congressman’s
Washington, DC office. Interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience and
further their understanding of the legislative process. Daily responsibilities will
include, but are not limited to: data entry, maintaining and organizing databases
of meeting/event requests, assisting with Rep. Ruiz’s daily schedule, staffing the
front office, greeting visitors, answering phones, and other administrative duties.
Qualified candidates will be highly organized, prompt, responsible, and ready to
work in a fast paced environment. Strong oral and communication skills are a
must. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. California ties and the
ability to speak Spanish are a plus.
Interested applicants should send their resume and cover letter to
lauren.heasley@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-409-16

The office of Congressman Don Beyer (VA-08) seeks eager, full-time internship
candidates who possess strong writing, research, and communication skills for an
unpaid internship. The ideal candidate is a team player, enjoys working in a fastpaced environment, and is able to multi-task. Interested candidates should submit
their resume and cover letter to Pablo.Sierra@mail.house.gov. Ties to Virginia's
8th Congressional District is a plus, but not required. No phone calls or drop-ins,
please.

MEM-408-16

California Democratic Member is seeking a qualified applicant for a temporary
paid internship in his Capitol Office. Responsibilities include corresponding
with constituents, leading tours of the Capitol, and significant administrative
duties. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, and have an ability to multitask and be flexible in a fastpaced environment. Multilingual applicants, particularly those speaking Spanish,
are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume,
and 2-3 page writing sample to CAJobs@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-407-16

The Office of Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster (NH-02) is seeking qualified
candidates to intern full time and part time in our Washington, D.C. office.
Interns will have a chance to experience first-hand the operations of a U.S.
Congressional office, learn about the legislative process, and gain Capitol Hill
experience.
Responsibilities include administrative tasks such as answering phones,
welcoming guests, and leading constituent tours. In addition, interns will be
required to conduct legislative research, draft constituent correspondence and
Page 3 of 10

MEM-405-16

vote recommendations, attend briefings and hearings and other projects as
needed.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to the Northeast—especially New
Hampshire—are preferred, but not required.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter,
resume, and brief writing sample to kate.fraiman@mail.house.gov. Please include
“Last Name, First Name - Internship Application” in the subject line and include
your available start and end dates and weekly schedule in the email.
The office of Representative Castro (TX-20) is seeking an experienced and
motivated Press Intern for spring 2017 in the Washington D.C. office.
Undergraduate students, minorities, and women are strongly encouraged to apply.
This is a paid internship and an excellent opportunity for students seeking
academic credit. Full-time undergraduate student applicants are preferred, but
part-time applicants will also be considered. Hours are flexible to accommodate
the intern’s schedule.
Responsibilities Include:
• Researching to support office communications efforts
• Drafting social media postings, newsletters and other written content
• Pulling press clips
• Attending briefings, hearings, receptions, and press events
• Assisting with general office duties
• Answering phones and logging constituent mail
• Giving Capitol tours
Requirements:
Ideal candidates must possess a passion for writing, keen attention to detail,
creativity, a strong understanding of social media and digital platforms, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. They
should be able to work independently as well as part of a team environment.
Graphic design skills, relevant coursework, and/or experience in media and
public relations are pluses.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics,
as well as a willingness to perform a variety of tasks and administrative functions.
The application can be found at http://castro.house.gov/services/internships.
Interested candidates should submit their completed application, cover letter, a
foreign affairs writing sample, and resume to tx20resume@gmail.com. Subject
line should read “Spring 2017 Internship Application”. Texas ties preferred, but
not required.

MEM-404-16

The office of Representative Castro (TX-20) is looking for energetic and
motivated interns for spring 2017 in the Washington D.C. office. Undergraduate
students, minorities, and women are strongly encouraged to apply. This is a paid
internship and an excellent opportunity for students seeking academic credit.

Page 4 of 10

Full-time undergraduate student applicants are preferred, but part-time applicants
will also be considered. Hours are flexible to accommodate the intern’s schedule.
Responsibilities Include:
• Conducting legislative research
• Attending briefings, hearings, receptions, and press events
• Assisting with general office duties
• Answering phones and logging constituent mail
• Giving Capitol tours
• Performing various tasks based on ability and interest
Requirements:
Ideal candidates must possess excellent written and oral communication skills,
keen attention to detail, a positive attitude, and an eagerness to learn about the
political process and congressional affairs. They should also be able to work
independently as well as part of a team environment. Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics,
as well as a willingness to perform a variety of tasks and administrative functions.
The application can be found at http://castro.house.gov/services/internships.
Interested candidates should submit their completed application, cover letter, and
resume to tx20resume@gmail.com. Subject line should read “Spring 2017
Internship Application”. Texas ties preferred, but not required.
MEM-403-16

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Spring 2017 semester in Washington DC. Intern
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to
the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should
send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject
line “Spring 2017 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.

MEM-401-16

Midwest Democrat is seeking interns available for an immediate start for the
spring 2017 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the
United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative
research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will
also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information
with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a
Page 5 of 10

team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working
knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American
Government, fiscal issues, education and reproductive rights. Wisconsin ties a
plus.
Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00
pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to
Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov ASAP.
MEM-399-16

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
seeking interns for the spring semester. Interns are asked to work with staff to
help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on substantive
research and oversight projects in addition to press matters. Furthermore, interns
will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as
answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-398-16

Arizona Republican is seeking interns for his Washington D.C. office for the
Spring Semester. Interns will be exposed to a wide array of the daily activities of
a Congressional office – engaging with constituents, assisting members of the
staff with writing and other projects as needed and giving tours of the Capitol
Building. Additional duties of interns include answering telephones, greeting
visitors and sorting mail.
While this position is unpaid, the benefits of interning on Capitol Hill can’t be
overstated. This position will help you understand the inner workings of Capitol
Hill in a way that’s impossible to get otherwise.
Applicants should have excellent time management and writing abilities, have
strong organizational skills with a keen eye for details, and should be motivated
self-starters who can produce results with minimal supervision. Arizona ties and
previous Hill experience a plus but not required.
Please send a cover letter, one-page resume, and a two- to three-page writing
sample to GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com with “Internship Application” in the
subject line. No phone calls please.

MEM-397-16

The Democratic staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is
seeking unpaid, press interns for the 2017 Spring and Fall semesters. Primary
responsibilities include answering the press line, compiling daily news clips,
drafting social media content, conducting research, and assisting with
administrative tasks as needed. Press interns will be an integral part of our robust
press team and will have the opportunity to provide input on key strategic
messaging sessions. A background in journalism, public relations or general
communications is preferred. Minorities and women are also encouraged to
apply. All interested candidates should send a resume and two references to
Page 6 of 10

OversightPress@mail.house.gov.
To ensure that we receive the widest range of applicants until filled, we ask that
you please keep this job vacancy open until we advise that it’s been filled.
MEM-396-16

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) is seeking
enthusiastic and motivated interns for Spring 2017.
The ideal candidates will interact well with constituents, be able to multitask, and
have a strong interest in public service. Excellent research and writing skills are
crucial. Arizona ties are a plus, but not required.
Interns will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and
learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities
include answering the phone, greeting visitors to the office, guiding tours of the
Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and attending briefings and
hearings. Internships are unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms
for students to receive academic credit.
Interested applicants should submit an application including a cover letter,
resume, and a 2-5 page writing sample at
https://rubengallego.house.gov/services/internships. Cover letters should include
days and times the applicants will be available during the internship period;
writing samples may be excerpts of larger works.
Spring interns will begin in January and end in May. Please specify if you have
any conflicts during this period. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis, and qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview.

MEM-394-16

The House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific
seeks candidates for a Spring 2017 internship position. Undergraduates, graduate
students, and recent graduates with a demonstrated interest in U.S. policy towards
the Asia-Pacific will be considered. The Subcommittee offers full and part time
internships.
The Subcommittee intern is expected to be motivated and entrepreneurial, a
strong writer and communicator, detail oriented, and able to produce high quality
work products under time constraints. The intern will assist with daily
subcommittee operations such as research, database maintenance, fact checking,
content editing, and proofreading. The intern will also assist with the preparation
and execution of subcommittee hearings, which will include conducting research
and analysis, organizing documents for staff and members, and assisting staff in
the hearing room.
Proactive interns will be able to take advantage of this opportunity to enhance
their knowledge of Asia policy and professional life on Capitol Hill by
participation in hearings, briefings, and meetings, as well as other opportunities.
Interns are expected to demonstrate a high level of professionalism and
reliability. All internships are uncompensated, but staff are happy to support
interns seeking class credit for their work.
Information about the subcommittee’s membership and recent activities can be
Page 7 of 10

found at http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/subcommittees/asia-and-pacific.
Interested candidates should send a resume and a cover letter explaining their
interest in the subcommittee’s work, qualifications for the position, and hours of
availability to hfac.asia.internship@gmail.com. Application materials must be
received by 11:59pm, Sunday, December 18, 2016, and will be considered on a
rolling basis.
MEM-393-16

The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan (R-PA) is currently
accepting applications for Spring 2017. Intern responsibilities include
researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings
and briefings, answering phones, and day to day office duties. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30
PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to
meehandcintern@mail.house.gov. This internship is unpaid. The deadline to
apply is Friday, December 16, 2016. Ties to Pennsylvania are preferred, but not
required.

MEM-391-16

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this spring
semester. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor,
interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to
multi-task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities
include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to
constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties.
Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are
strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-388-16

West Coast Democrat seeks highly motivated press interns in the DC office for
the Winter/Spring semester. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to media
monitoring, drafting press releases, talking points and social media, developing
press lists, performing research and generally supporting the Communications
Director. Candidates should be detail oriented with excellent writing skills and an
ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. Graphic skills a plus, though not
required. Candidates should submit a resume and writing sample to
or05.pressintern@gmail.com.

MEM-387-16

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Spring 2017.
The internship is scheduled to run from January to late-May/early-June,
depending on the availability of the applicant.

Page 8 of 10

Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are
considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain
experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a
Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting
constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and hearings.
Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing
sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with
"2017 Spring Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be
accepted.
MEM-385-16

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Brian Higgins (NY-26) is currently
accepting full and part-time interns for the upcoming Spring 2017 semester. The
internship program will begin in early January and end in May. Interns will assist
permanent staff with constituent services, front office management, and various
legislative duties. Key responsibilities include, but are not limited to; conducting
legislative research, interfacing with constituents daily, and attending policy
briefings. The internship program provides undergraduate/graduate students and
recent graduates with the opportunity to delve into the process of creating and
passing legislation. It is an in-depth look at how public policy is developed,
implemented and evaluated. New York ties are preferred but not required. The
internship is unpaid. Strong candidates are detail oriented and self-motivated.
Candidates must have strong interpersonal skills and be proficient in written
communications. Applicants must e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to
three page writing sample to Kayla Williams at Kayla.williams@mail.house.gov.
Please call 202-225-3306 with any additional questions.

MEM-384-16

Texas Democrat is seeking dependable and driven interns to join their
Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be professional, quick
learners, and seasoned team players. Duties include assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, and press related projects. Interns will be given the
opportunity to fully engage with public policy in their areas of interest within the
scope of their roles in the office. These internships are unpaid. Full-time or parttime candidates with Houston or Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-379-16

The House Ways and Means Democratic office is seeking an intern for
Winter/Spring (January 2017 through April 2017). This internship is unpaid. The
position is ideal for a recent college graduate interested learning about the role of
the Committee and the various aspects of its jurisdiction. Prefer someone
available full time, but willing to negotiate for the right candidate.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Assist front office staff with answering phones and projects; assist Ways and
Page 9 of 10

Means Committee Counsels in various research projects;
• Assist in preparation for Committee hearings and markups;
• Assist press staff on an as needed basis;
• Perform other duties as assigned by the Intern Coordinator
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Excellent oral and written communication skills;
• high level of confidentiality;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and punctual.
If interested, please email your cover letter and resume to
Carrie.Breidenbach@mail.house.gov and provide a brief introduction including
your dates of availability.
MEM-345-16

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the spring semester of 2017. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful
candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. California
ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter, and dates of availability to
Peter.Durkin@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.

Page 10 of 10

