________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 5, 2016

MEM-397-16

The Democratic staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is
seeking unpaid, press interns for the 2017 Spring and Fall semesters. Primary
responsibilities include answering the press line, compiling daily news clips,
drafting social media content, conducting research, and assisting with
administrative tasks as needed. Press interns will be an integral part of our robust
press team and will have the opportunity to provide input on key strategic
messaging sessions. A background in journalism, public relations or general
communications is preferred. Minorities and women are also encouraged to
apply. All interested candidates should send a resume and two references to
OversightPress@mail.house.gov.
To ensure that we receive the widest range of applicants until filled, we ask that
you please keep this job vacancy open until we advise that it’s been filled.

MEM-396-16

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) is seeking
enthusiastic and motivated interns for Spring 2017.
The ideal candidates will interact well with constituents, be able to multitask, and
have a strong interest in public service. Excellent research and writing skills are
crucial. Arizona ties are a plus, but not required.
Page 1 of 14

Interns will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and
learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities
include answering the phone, greeting visitors to the office, guiding tours of the
Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and attending briefings and
hearings. Internships are unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms
for students to receive academic credit.
Interested applicants should submit an application including a cover letter,
resume, and a 2-5 page writing sample at
https://rubengallego.house.gov/services/internships. Cover letters should include
days and times the applicants will be available during the internship period;
writing samples may be excerpts of larger works.
Spring interns will begin in January and end in May. Please specify if you have
any conflicts during this period. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis, and qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview.
MEM-395-16

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks spring interns for his Washington
office. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three references to
DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.

MEM-394-16

The House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific
seeks candidates for a Spring 2017 internship position. Undergraduates, graduate
students, and recent graduates with a demonstrated interest in U.S. policy towards
the Asia-Pacific will be considered. The Subcommittee offers full and part time
internships.
The Subcommittee intern is expected to be motivated and entrepreneurial, a
strong writer and communicator, detail oriented, and able to produce high quality
work products under time constraints. The intern will assist with daily
subcommittee operations such as research, database maintenance, fact checking,
content editing, and proofreading. The intern will also assist with the preparation
and execution of subcommittee hearings, which will include conducting research
and analysis, organizing documents for staff and members, and assisting staff in
the hearing room.
Proactive interns will be able to take advantage of this opportunity to enhance
their knowledge of Asia policy and professional life on Capitol Hill by
participation in hearings, briefings, and meetings, as well as other opportunities.
Interns are expected to demonstrate a high level of professionalism and
reliability. All internships are uncompensated, but staff are happy to support
interns seeking class credit for their work.
Information about the subcommittee’s membership and recent activities can be
found at http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/subcommittees/asia-and-pacific.
Interested candidates should send a resume and a cover letter explaining their
interest in the subcommittee’s work, qualifications for the position, and hours of
availability to hfac.asia.internship@gmail.com. Application materials must be
received by 11:59pm, Sunday, December 18, 2016, and will be considered on a
rolling basis.

Page 2 of 14

MEM-393-16

The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan (R-PA) is currently
accepting applications for Spring 2017. Intern responsibilities include
researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings
and briefings, answering phones, and day to day office duties. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30
PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to
meehandcintern@mail.house.gov. This internship is unpaid. The deadline to
apply is Friday, December 16, 2016. Ties to Pennsylvania are preferred, but not
required.

MEM-391-16

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this spring
semester. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor,
interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to
multi-task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities
include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to
constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties.
Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are
strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-388-16

West Coast Democrat seeks highly motivated press interns in the DC office for
the Winter/Spring semester. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to media
monitoring, drafting press releases, talking points and social media, developing
press lists, performing research and generally supporting the Communications
Director. Candidates should be detail oriented with excellent writing skills and an
ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. Graphic skills a plus, though not
required. Candidates should submit a resume and writing sample to
or05.pressintern@gmail.com.

MEM-387-16

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Spring 2017.
The internship is scheduled to run from January to late-May/early-June,
depending on the availability of the applicant.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are
considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain
experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a
Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting
constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and hearings.
Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing
Page 3 of 14

sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with
"2017 Spring Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be
accepted.
MEM-385-16

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Brian Higgins (NY-26) is currently
accepting full and part-time interns for the upcoming Spring 2017 semester. The
internship program will begin in early January and end in May. Interns will assist
permanent staff with constituent services, front office management, and various
legislative duties. Key responsibilities include, but are not limited to; conducting
legislative research, interfacing with constituents daily, and attending policy
briefings. The internship program provides undergraduate/graduate students and
recent graduates with the opportunity to delve into the process of creating and
passing legislation. It is an in-depth look at how public policy is developed,
implemented and evaluated. New York ties are preferred but not required. The
internship is unpaid. Strong candidates are detail oriented and self-motivated.
Candidates must have strong interpersonal skills and be proficient in written
communications. Applicants must e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to
three page writing sample to Kayla Williams at Kayla.williams@mail.house.gov.
Please call 202-225-3306 with any additional questions.

MEM-384-16

Texas Democrat is seeking dependable and driven interns to join their
Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be professional, quick
learners, and seasoned team players. Duties include assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, and press related projects. Interns will be given the
opportunity to fully engage with public policy in their areas of interest within the
scope of their roles in the office. These internships are unpaid. Full-time or parttime candidates with Houston or Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-382-16

Democratic Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks current college
students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for spring
semester 2017 internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern duties include
answering phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail
and faxes, leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and
other responsibilities as needed. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral
and written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to
work on a variety of tasks. Preference given to interns with full-time availability,
but those seeking part-time internships will be considered. Pennsylvania ties a
plus but not required. Internship positions are unpaid. To apply, please email
cover letter, resume, and a brief writing sample (no more than two pages) to Zach
Rosen at Zach.Rosen@mail.house.gov. Please include availability in your cover
letter.

MEM-379-16

The House Ways and Means Democratic office is seeking an intern for
Winter/Spring (January 2017 through April 2017). This internship is unpaid. The
Page 4 of 14

position is ideal for a recent college graduate interested learning about the role of
the Committee and the various aspects of its jurisdiction. Prefer someone
available full time, but willing to negotiate for the right candidate.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Assist front office staff with answering phones and projects; assist Ways and
Means Committee Counsels in various research projects;
• Assist in preparation for Committee hearings and markups;
• Assist press staff on an as needed basis;
• Perform other duties as assigned by the Intern Coordinator
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Excellent oral and written communication skills;
• high level of confidentiality;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and punctual.
If interested, please email your cover letter and resume to
Carrie.Breidenbach@mail.house.gov and provide a brief introduction including
your dates of availability.
MEM-377-16

Texas Democrat is seeking dependable and driven interns to join their
Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be professional, quick
learners, and seasoned team players. Duties include assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, and press related projects. Interns will be given the
opportunity to fully engage with public policy in their areas of interest within the
scope of their roles in the office. These internships are unpaid. Full-time or parttime candidates with Houston or Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-376-16

The House Ways and Means Democratic office is seeking an intern for
Winter/Spring (January 2017 through April 2017). This internship is unpaid. The
position is ideal for a recent college graduate interested learning about the role of
the Committee and the various aspects of its jurisdiction. Prefer someone
available full time, but willing to negotiate for the right candidate.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Assist front office staff with answering phones and projects; assist Ways and
Means Committee Counsels in various research projects;
• Assist in preparation for Committee hearings and markups;
• Assist press staff on an as needed basis;
• Perform other duties as assigned by the Intern Coordinator
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Excellent oral and written communication skills;
• high level of confidentiality;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and punctual.
Page 5 of 14

If interested, please email your cover letter and resume to
Carrie.Breidenbach@mail.house.gov and provide a brief introduction including
your dates of availability.
MEM-375-16

Democratic Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks current college
students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for spring
semester 2017 internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern duties include
answering phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail
and faxes, leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and
other responsibilities as needed. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral
and written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to
work on a variety of tasks. Preference given to interns with full-time availability,
but those seeking part-time internships will be considered. Pennsylvania ties a
plus but not required. Internship positions are unpaid. To apply, please email
cover letter, resume, and a brief writing sample (no more than two pages) to Zach
Rosen at Zach.Rosen@mail.house.gov. Please include availability in your cover
letter.

MEM-371-16

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-370-16

Democratic Leadership office is currently accepting intern resumes for the
upcoming 115th Congress. The spring internship program will begin early
December and interns will assist with Member outreach, event planning,
legislative work and press services. Interns will also be handling front office
duties such as answering phones, distributing mail as well as directing guests to
staffers. Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude, great work ethic
and have a flexible schedule. Candidates with prior Hill experience, in an
education or leadership program are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume to Christofer.Horta@mail.house.gov with
your availability. Include “2017 Spring Democratic Leadership Internship” in the
Page 6 of 14

subject line.
MEM-369-16

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) seeks undergraduate or graduate
students for full-time or part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, DC
office. As a fast-paced office for an active member of the Democratic leadership,
we expect a lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship
program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail,
attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research
assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess excellent
writing and communications skills, strong attention to detail, and an interest in
the legislative process. Colorado ties preferred but not required. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to
CO01.scheduler@mail.house.gov.

MEM-368-16

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Sanford D. Bishop (GA-02) is
seeking a full time press intern to work with Congressman Bishop’s
communications team. The press intern will work directly with the
Communications Director to carry out responsibilities including, but not limited
to, creating graphics, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press
clips, drafting releases, and developing social media content. First-hand
experience in the congressional office will provide a unique opportunity into the
functions of a fast-paced press operations for a senior Democratic member office.
It will also offer a unique insight in the legislative and parliamentary procedure,
as Congressman Bishop is the Ranking Member of an Appropriations
Subcommittee. The ideal applicant will have creative graphic design skills, strong
writing skills, a sense of humor, and should be an avid consumer of political
media. Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and one or two writing
samples to Jonathan.Black@mail.house.gov and
Adilene.Rosales@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to call Jon or Adi at
202-225-3631 with any questions.

MEM-366-16

The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan (R-PA) is currently
accepting applications for Spring 2017. Intern responsibilities include
researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings
and briefings, answering phones, and day to day office duties. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30
PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to
meehandcintern@mail.house.gov. This internship is unpaid. The deadline to
apply is Friday, December 2, 2016. Ties to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional
District are preferred.

MEM-364-16

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a press intern
for our Washington, D.C. office for the Winter/ Spring 2017 semester.
Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication
Page 7 of 14

skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about press operations, the
political process, and congressional affairs. The intern will assist in the day-today operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting congressional staff
with press clips and constituent communication and will help to draft press
releases, prep memos, and social media posts, in addition to assisting with
legislative research and administrative activities. Hawaii ties are appreciated but
not necessary. Please note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates
should send a resume, writing sample, and cover letter to
Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-363-16

The D.C. office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from Washington’s 6th
district, is looking for personable, diligent full or part-time interns to start for the
January and spring semester 2017 term. This is an opportunity to learn about the
inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work
environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting events
related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities include assisting with
constituent correspondence, producing daily press clips, and leading tours of the
Capitol. This is a unique opportunity and prime for students or recent grads who
are interested in learning about the legislative process or may eventually want to
work for the federal government. To apply, please send a resume, contact
information for two references, and a cover letter outlining your interest in the
position to nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within
a week. Women, minorities and those with Washington state ties strongly
encouraged to apply. We look forward to hearing from you!

MEM-362-16

The Washington DC office of Congressman Jim Sensenbrenner (R-WI) is
seeking motivated, hardworking and good-spirited spring 2016 interns. Interns
will have the opportunity to work in a fun, yet diligent office during a busy time
in Washington. Responsibilities include corresponding with constituents of
Wisconsin’s Fifth District, leading U.S. Capitol tours, assisting with various press
and legislative projects and research, attending Capitol Hill briefings and
hearings, answering constituent phone calls, giving and sorting mail and any
other tasks of interest/as assigned. Interns can be expected to work in an exciting
and quick paced environment. The internship can be flexible to schedules and
accommodating of particular policy areas that the intern is passionate or curious
about. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The internship is
unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
sensenbrennerinterns@gmail.com.

MEM-360-16

Congressman Jim Langevin (D-RI) is seeking full and part-time interns for the
spring 2017 semester. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative
work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties
include providing constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee
hearings, performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on
various projects of interest. Rhode Island ties are preferred but not required.

Page 8 of 14

Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and
written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All
internships are unpaid. To apply: send a resume, cover letter, brief writing
sample, and dates of availability to kerry.mckittrick@mail.house.gov.
MEM-359-16

The office of Congressman Bill Posey [FL-08] is currently seeking highly
motivated and organized applicants for a full-time or part-time unpaid internship
for the 2017 spring internship program. The internship is scheduled to run from
January to May, but the months of the internship may vary depending on the
availability or school schedule of the applicant. The internship program is open to
college students and recent graduates who are interested in learning more about
our country’s legislative process and the day-to-day operations of a congressional
office. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred,
but are not required. The deadline to apply is December 10, 2016. If interested,
please send a resume to FloridaConservativeRepublican@gmail.com with "2017
Spring Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be
accepted.

MEM-357-16

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is
seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the
Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Spring 2016
semester.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff
to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital
content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting
press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or
graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips
at 8:00 am and ends at 4:00 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on
Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major
legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of
activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if
applicable, a portfolio sample to Frances Carrion at
NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact
Frances at 202-225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-356-16

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is
offering Spring internship opportunities for college students and recent college
graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office
provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation
Page 9 of 14

of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents,
attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues
for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and
together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to
increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal
government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative
process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s
position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing
sample to Frances Carrion at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please
do not hesitate to contact Frances at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
MEM-355-16

California Democratic Member is currently accepting resumes for the 2017
Winter/Spring internship positions in his Capitol Office. Responsibilities include
corresponding with constituents, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting with
projects including press and legislative research, and administrative duties as
needed. The staff member will have the opportunity to attend briefings and
hearings on the Hill as well as network and learn from senior staff. Candidates
should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written communication skills,
and have an ability to multitask and be flexible in a fast-paced environment.
Multilingual applicants, particularly those speaking Spanish, are encouraged to
apply. Interested applicants should apply at the following link:
https://vargas.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-354-16

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the Winter/Spring 2017 semester. Interns
will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will
have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence,
as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press
events. Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening
and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative
tasks. This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant
attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to
work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and resume.
Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted for
consideration.

MEM-353-16

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking
conservative, highly motivated, and organized applicants for a full or part-time
Page 10 of 14

spring unpaid internship. The internship is scheduled to run from January 16 to
around May 5, 2017. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process,
excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will
mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not
required. The working hours of the internship may vary depending on the
availability or school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a
resume and cover letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2017 Spring Internship"
in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
MEM-349-16

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
legislative interns for the Spring 2017 semester in our Washington, D.C. office.
Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining
valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include providing
constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee hearings,
performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours,
and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! All
internships are unpaid. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Andrew.ONeill@mail.house.gov with “2017 Pocan Spring Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-348-16

The office of Representative Julia Brownley (CA-26) is currently seeking full or
part-time press interns to work in her Washington, D.C. office. Press interns will
gain valuable Capitol Hill and communications experience, furthering their
knowledge of the Congressional media landscape and the legislative process.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: compiling daily clips,
drafting press releases and other written materials, editing and proofreading,
maintaining press lists, and assisting with updates to Member’s official website
and social media platforms. The press intern will also be involved heavily in the
redesign of the Congresswoman’s website as a long term project.
Press interns may also assist with answering phones, addressing constituent
concerns, and helping other office staff as needed.
The ideal candidate will be resourceful, motivated, creative, detail-oriented, and
able to work quickly and efficiently under pressure. Press interns should be able
to commit to at least 15 hours a week. Women and minorities are highly
encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing samples
(optional) to ca26pressintern@gmail.com with the subject line “Press Intern_
(Your Name).
Strong writing skills are required and familiarity with social and digital platforms
is recommended. Graphic design experience is a plus.
Page 11 of 14

MEM-346-16

The Office of Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks a full time, unpaid intern
for immediate hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering
phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours,
attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication
skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest
in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
mark.galay@mail.house.gov.

MEM-345-16

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the spring semester of 2017. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful
candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. California
ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter, and dates of availability to
Peter.Durkin@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-344-16

The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is currently
accepting applications for Spring 2017. Intern responsibilities include
researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings
and briefings, answering phones, and day to day office duties. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30
PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to
meehandcintern@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply is Friday, November 18,
2016. Ties to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District are preferred, but not
required.

MEM-343-16

Congressman Dan Kildee’s Washington, D.C. office is always seeking motivated
and hard-working college students for fall, spring or summer internships.
Although internships are unpaid, students will gain valuable work experience in a
fast-paced congressional office.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral
and written communications skills, responsible, dependable, and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them.
Tasks include and are not limited to the following: Researching legislative issues,
preparing constituent correspondence, data entry, and helping maintain the
efficient day-to-day operations of an active Congressional office.
If interested, please send a resume and letters of recommendation to Ghada
Alkiek at ghada.alkiek@mail.house.gov
For more information on Congressman Dan Kildee and Michigan’s 5th
Page 12 of 14

Congressional District, please visit our website at www.dankildee.house.gov
MEM-342-16

Congressman Gerald Connolly seeks applicants for an internship in his
Washington D.C. Office for Spring 2017 (January to May/June). Main
responsibilities include (but are not limited to) answering the phones, sorting
mail, drafting constituent correspondence, arranging tours, conducting legislative
research for staff, attending Congressional hearings with staff, and performing
other administrative tasks as needed.
Applicants should be reliable and detail-oriented, and possess a professional and
courteous demeanor, strong verbal and written communication skills, and the
ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Ties to the 11th District of
Virginia are preferred, but not required.
To apply for this internship please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to va11.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-341-16

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for an internship in Washington, DC
beginning January 2017. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal
skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and
demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading tours, assisting legislative staff with research,
attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting
constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning January
2017. Michigan ties are preferred, but not required. To apply, please send a
resume and a cover letter to: Alex.Huang@mail.house.gov. Please indicate
expected dates and hours available to work in your cover letter.

MEM-340-16

Congressman Marc Veasey (TX-33) is seeking highly motivated interns to join
his Washington D.C. office for Spring 2017. Interns will have the chance to gain
valuable work experience while experiencing the fast-paced atmosphere of a
congressional office. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and
briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with
tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, professionalism, attention to detail and ability to function in a fast-paced
environment. Texas ties are preferred but are not required. Internships are unpaid.
However, current students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply, please
send cover letter and resume to Emily.Englander@mail.house.gov.

MEM-339-16

The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid
intern for Spring 2017. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and
professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities
will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the
Page 13 of 14

form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting
research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending
hearings. Interested candidates should send their resume, a cover letter, and a
brief writing sample to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com.
MEM-338-16

Office of Congressman Brad Wenstrup
Spring 2017 Intern
Application can be found on the website
Interested applicants should fill out the form on
https://wenstrup.house.gov/forms/form/?ID=3257, as well as send a cover letter
and resume to OH02interns@gmail.com.

Page 14 of 14

