________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 29, 2024

MEM-339-24 The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Kildee is seeking a highlymotivated and detail-oriented paid interns for the fall 2024 semester. Qualified
candidates will have demonstrated interest in research projects and learning
about the legislative process. Candidates should have strong writing and
analytical skills; and an interest in public service. Paid interns are all-around
helping hands in the congressional office and will get the opportunity to work
on a variety of different projects. Michigan ties are a plus.
Internships are paid. The ideal candidate will be available from September
through November 2024.
Applicants interested in interning in the Washington, D.C. office should send a
cover letter and resume to Danielle.Stewart3@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Fall 2024 Legislative Internship”.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Oversee the front office, greeting constituents and guests in a
professional manner;
• Answer incoming telephone calls;
• Assist the Staff Assistant in organizing tours of the U.S. Capitol, White
House and other Washington, D.C. landmarks for constituents or
stakeholders;
• Assist the Staff Assistant in fulfilling flag requests;
Page 1 of 20

•
•
•

Assist the legislative staff by researching legislation and policies,
attending briefings and drafting cosponsor recommendations and
memos;
Support the constituent mail program by batching constituent messages,
researching and drafting constituent mail;
Performs other duties as assigned.

SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
• Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Professionalism in interacting with constituents in person and on the
telephone;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Proficient in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation,
gender identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-338-24 The Flint and Midland offices of Congressman Dan Kildee are seeking a highly
motivated and detail-oriented paid interns for the fall 2024 semester. Qualified
candidates will have demonstrated interest in research projects and interacting
with constituents on the telephone, in person and at community outreach events.
Paid interns are all-around helping hands in the congressional office and will get
the opportunity to work on a variety of different projects. Michigan ties are a
plus.
Internships are paid. The ideal candidate will be available from September
through December 2024.
Applicants interested in interning in the Flint office should send a cover letter
and resume to Zach.Neithercut@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2024
Internship”.
Applicants interested in interning in the Midland office should send a cover
letter and resume to Jacob.Sinclair@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall
2024 Internship”.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Oversee the front office, greeting constituents and guests in a
professional manner;
• Answer incoming telephone calls;
Page 2 of 20

•
•
•
•
•

Assist the District staff in conducting casework intake and directing
constituents to office resources;
Support the field work team in drafting memos and conducting
background work for events in the community;
Assist the Staff Assistant in drafting letters of support and Proclamations
for members in the community;
Support the constituent mail program by batching constituent messages,
researching and drafting constituent mail;
Performs other duties as assigned.

SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
• Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Professionalism in interacting with constituents in person and on the
telephone;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation,
gender identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-337-24 The Office of Congresswoman Emilia Sykes (OH-13) is seeking a paid
Legislative Fellow to assist the legislative team with work in the Washington,
D.C. office. This position is full time, Monday through Friday, and pays $3,000
a month. The position lasts from mid-August through mid-December.
The ideal candidate is hardworking and motivated; organized, detail-oriented
and resilient in the face of a fast-paced and ever-changing environment. The
ideal candidate is also proactive and comfortable working with diverse staff,
community members, and constituents. Our team values professionalism,
positivity, strategic thinking, and good humor.
The Office is an equal opportunity employer; women, people of color, members
of the LGBTQ+ community, and members of other traditionally
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send an email to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov
with their resume and cover letter in a single PDF. Please include last name and
position in the email subject line, e.g. “Legislative Fellow- [Last Name].” No
drop-ins, emails, or social media invitations please. Applications will be
accepted on a rolling basis.
Page 3 of 20

MEM-336-24 The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a driven,
detail-oriented, hardworking, and engaged individual to work with her team.
This internship will be primarily in-person in the DC office with potential for
occasional work in the district office (Woodbridge, VA). The timing of the
internship is flexible based on the candidate’s schedule but would ideally start
in early September and could last up to 12 weeks. The intern would work with
the Congresswoman’s dynamic team to improve the lives of Seventh District
constituents and communities.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: • Constituent services: assist
the front office staff with answering constituent questions over the phone and
through the mail, draft correspondence, and assist with other office
administration tasks; • Legislative research: work with the legislative team to
conduct research on issue areas, write memos, and learn about the legislative
process; • District research: research and compile information for district events
and outreach; • Communications: collaborate with the Communications team on
tasks as needed such as writing letters; and • Other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES: • Responsible, reliable, punctual •
Has knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs • Able to problem
solve, think quickly, adapt, and handle sensitive information
HOURS & COMPENSATION: The schedule is flexible and based on
candidate’s schedule. This is a PAID internship; the office will pay an hourly
rate for applicants not supported by outside fellowships.
TO APPLY: Please submit a resume and a 1-page cover letter that answers the
following questions in a single PDF:
• What, do you feel, is the biggest problem facing VA-07? • How do you want
to impact the community?
Please include the dates you are available, and any other scheduling constraints
(e.g. mornings or afternoons only) in your application. Email this information to
Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2024
Internship – First Name, Last Name.” DEADLINE: Applications received by
August 15, 2024 will be considered.
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger is an equal opportunity employer.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against because of race,
religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical disability, sexual
orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender expression) identity, color,
marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or any other classification
protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.

Page 4 of 20

MEM-335-24 The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) is seeking full or parttime interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong
written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
research. This is a paid internship that complies with the House Paid Internship
Program.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: Fall 2024
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-334-24 The office of Congresswoman Victoria Spartz (IN-05) is now accepting
applications for paid, full-time congressional internships in our Washington,
DC office with an immediate start that continues throughout the fall.
Key opportunities: Interns in our office get the opportunity to attend
congressional briefings, hearings, and networking events. They also get to work
on a wide variety of legislative issues spanning foreign policy, education, and
economics. Interns who excel in their core duties will be given the opportunity
to direct more of their own work and focus on particular legislative areas of
interest.
Core internship duties in the Washington, DC office include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Assisting with office operations
• Attending congressional hearings and policy briefings and providing
insights to legislative staff
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
• Taking photos of the Congresswoman at important events
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents
• Successful applicants will be highly motivated, possess excellent written
and verbal communication skills, and interact well with constituents. In
addition, applicants should have a strong interest in the legislative
process and the function of Congress.
To apply, please go to https://spartz.house.gov/services/internships.
MEM-333-24 Senior Republican Member of House Financial Services Committee Seeks
Financial Services Fellow
A senior Republican member serving on the House Financial Services
Committee is seeking a fellow to assist the Senior Policy Advisor in covering
the committee portfolio. The person in this role will work on substantive
financial services issues like banking, crypto, housing, capital markets, fintech,
Page 5 of 20

insurance, and monetary policy in the Member’s personal office. The fellow
will be attending hearings, monitoring legislation and regulations, assisting with
official and constituent correspondence, providing meeting materials, and more.
The fellow should leave this role with an in-depth understanding of how Capitol
Hill operates, as well as the major policy issues in financial services.
Ideal candidates must be excellent writers, able to work in a fast-paced
environment, and have good judgment. A background in finance is not required
but strongly preferred, whether it is in the private sector, government, or school.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Writing briefing materials for meetings with the Member
• Preparing materials for hearings, markups, and the House floor
• Conducting policy research
• Taking notes at meetings, hearings, briefings, and other events you
attend
• Tracking legislation and official correspondence
• Observing House proceedings
• Drafting constituent correspondence
This is a paid opportunity. Interested candidates should send their resume to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.
MEM-330-24 The Office of Congressman Wesley Hunt (TX-38) is currently seeking
candidates for the Fall 2024 District Office Internship. Internships are full or
part-time and in-person at our Houston, TX, or Tomball, TX offices. Ties to the
District are preferred but not required.
Applications are due by August 9th, 2024, at 11:59 PM CT. The fall internship
program runs from late August through early December. The internship is
flexible in the number of hours per week, but a minimum of 20 hours per week
is mandatory. Intern hours are five days a week from 9:30 AM to 4:00 PM CT.
Duties
The district office internship will allow participants to experience a fast-paced
environment within the district. District intern's responsibilities will include
answering phones, conducting research, assisting with events throughout the
district, and various other tasks. Interns will learn about the crucial work a
district office does.
Qualified applicant requirements
Ideal candidates will be hard workers, detail-oriented, efficient multitaskers, and
comfortable interacting and speaking with the public. Successful internship
candidates should:
• Be at least 18 years of age.
• Be working towards a bachelor’s or master’s degree.
Page 6 of 20

• Demonstrate an interest in politics and public service.
• Possess highly competent time management skills.
• Possess effective teamwork, professionalism, flexibility, and communication
both written and verbal skills.
• Have the ability to complete assignments with limited guidance.
How to apply
Interested candidates should submit a cover letter describing why they're
interested in working as an intern in a congressional office. Experience that
applies to being an intern in the district office should also be included. Our
office also requires a resume that highlights relevant experience related to the
position.
The application deadline is Friday, August 9th, 2024, at 11:59 PM CT.
Interested applicants should:
1. Fill out an application at the following link:
https://hunt.house.gov/services/internships
2. At the end of the form upload both the cover letter and resume
Please be advised that only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
No drop-ins please.
MEM-329-24 The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (DC-00) is seeking to
hire a motivated, detail-oriented, current college undergrad student, graduate
student, or recent graduate wishing to gain constituent-oriented internship
experience in the DC District Office.
District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, conducting research,
assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the
District Director. As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions
of our impactful District office.
The term of this internship will be from September 9, 2024, to December 19,
2024. The internship is a paid full-time internship, interns must work at least 30
hours a week and will be provided a travel stipend. Typical hours for internships
are Monday through Thursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm, although hours may be
flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, 1 writing sample on a
current issue, and at least one reference to norton.casework@mail.house.gov.
The deadline to apply is 5:00 pm EST, Friday, August 9th. District ties are
encouraged but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.

Page 7 of 20

MEM-328-24 The Office of Congressman Jim Costa (CA-21) is seeking a highly motivated
and creative Digital/Press Intern to join a fast-paced communications
operation based in Rep. Costa’s Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2024 term.
This internship program prides itself on its educational aspects. Interns will
immerse themselves in a dynamic environment and learn the ins and outs of a
congressional office communications program. They will also have
opportunities to attend educational briefings, take classes on relevant subjects
with the Congressional Research Service, and converse with seasoned
congressional staffers.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and digital skills to
assist with time-sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic
design/video editing software, such as Adobe, Canva, and Photoshop.
Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. California or Central Valley ties are
a plus. The intern will work closely with the Communications Director.
Internship Responsibilities
· Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant with drafting social
media content, e-newsletters, targeted mailing, and website content.
· Edit photos and create engaging graphics in line with the Congressman’s
brand.
· Clipping, editing, and compiling video clips.
· Assist with creation and maintenance of press lists
· Compile daily press clips and reports about social media analytics.
· Other office tasks such as answering phones, drafting correspondence, and
other duties as required.
Internship Dates and Details:
Fall internships will start in early September and go until mid-December, with
some flexibility. Interns are expected to work in compliance with the office's
regular hours of operation. Our office cannot accommodate remote or hybrid
internships at this time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, August 9th
Apply: Interested applicants should fill out the internship application via our
website: https://costa.house.gov/services/internships
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. The Office of Rep. Jim Costa is an equalopportunity employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and
diverse work environment.
Contact: Please reach out to our intern coordinator, Grant Menolascino, with
any questions regarding the application process at
Grant.menolascino@mail.house.gov.

Page 8 of 20

MEM-326-24 The Office of Congresswoman Lori Trahan (MA-03) is seeking a press intern
for her Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2024 semester. Candidates should
be driven, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning in
August.
Duties include developing social media content, drafting press releases, sorting
press clips, creating digital content, and assisting the team with a variety of
projects as needed. Interns will work closely with communications staffers and
learn about the press operation of a congressional office. Candidates should
have a foundation of technical knowledge on social media platforms.
Experience in studying Communications, Journalism, or Public Relations is a
plus. Submission of a sample graphic with application materials is
recommended but not required.
The Office of Congresswoman Trahan is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged
to apply. Massachusetts ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should visit https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/ for
additional information. The deadline to apply is 11:59 EST on August 2nd,
2024. Please include your dates of availability when applying.
MEM-324-24 The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Fall 2024 session. Our internship dates are contingent
upon the official House schedule. Tentatively, the fall internship is scheduled
from August 26th to December 20th, but these dates are subject to change.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge of the
day-to-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled
in an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an
ideal fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government –
however, any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the
legislative staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours,
and helping with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
• Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently
graduated.
• Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
• Have strong communications and writing skills.
• Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should
address their application materials to Katonya Pettaway at

Page 9 of 20

Interns.NC03@gmail.com. Applications should include a cover letter, resume,
and what the individual’s internship schedule may look like.
MEM-323-24 Fall internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be held in-person in the
Eagan, MN office and Washington, D.C. office. We are not accepting remote or
hybrid applicants at this time. The internship will run approximately from
September 9th, 2024, through December 13, 2024, with some room for
flexibility. All interns are paid a stipend and provided with the necessary
technology for their work. Schedules are flexible to accommodate course
schedules and academic programs; however, a minimum availability of 20-25
hours per week is highly preferred.
All interns will have the opportunity to work with staff in both offices over the
course of the internship and the program is easily tailored to fit interns’ policy
interests and career goals. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative
process, learn about all the different functions of a congressional office and gain
hands-on professional experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s
Second Congressional District.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident
and effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong
writing skills. They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working
with the general public.
Application Instructions:
• To apply for an internship in either the MN or DC office, please email a
combined PDF of your resume and one-page cover letter to
craig.internships@mail.house.gov. Please format your email subject line as
“FirstName.LastName – District Office Internship" OR "FirstName.LastName –
DC Office Internship" to specify which office you are applying for.
• Please include your weekly availability between the hours of 9:00am and
6:00pm in your cover letter and confirm that you will be available for in-person
work.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the
Second Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented
backgrounds to apply. Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran
status.
For Fall internships, applications must be submitted no later than 11:59pm CT
on Friday, August 2nd. Late submissions will not be considered. If you have
any questions regarding the internship program or the application process,
please email craig.internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 10 of 20

MEM-316-24

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Fall
2024 internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates,
and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in
Congresswoman DeLauro's office combine administrative and legislative work.
Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form (also
located on delauro.house.gov/services/internships), cover letter, resume, brief
writing sample (1-2 pages), and two reference contacts in a single PDF file
to Lydia.McCarty@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2024 Internship”
by August 16.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.

MEM-312-24 Congressman Andrew Garbarino's (NY-02) Chairman of the Subcommittee on
Cyber Security and Infrastructure Protection seeks part-time paid interns for the
upcoming Fall 2024 semester in the Washington D.C. office.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting
staff with administrative duties, projects, legislative research, and drafting
constituent correspondence. Successful candidates will be able to work in a fastpaced environment, have a general understanding of the legislative process, and
possess strong written and
oral communication skills.
New York, and specifically Long Island ties, are preferred, but not required.
Undergraduate students and recent college graduates are preferred. Interested
applicants should submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF file
to Josh.Orenstein@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis.
MEM-311-24

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is hiring a
press/digital intern for Fall 2024. Applications are due by Wednesday, July 31,
2024.
Page 11 of 20

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Compiling and distributing morning press clips
Tracking media hits for Committee members
Assisting with video shoots
Assisting with creating messaging packets and digital toolkits for the
caucus
Writing first drafts of remarks, press releases, and video scripts
Developing social media content
Clipping floor and hearing remarks from members
Providing administrative support, including answering calls and
delivering correspondence
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.

Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be
detail-oriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the Committee
and the legislative process. The Committee strongly encourages veterans,
minorities, women, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU
and MSI students to apply.
This full-time or part-time, in-person, paid position is based in Washington, D.C.
Please complete the online application at https://democratsveterans.house.gov/opportunities
MEM-310-24 Rep. Katie Porter (CA-47) seeks highly motivated interns for her DC office fall
internship program. The duration of this internship is expected to last from late
August/early September and open to end dates in November. The ideal candidate
is highly organized, able to multitask, and has strong written and verbal
communication skills.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Answer incoming phone calls to log opinions, connect staffers to outside
stakeholders, and direct callers to appropriate resources
Enter and organize incoming constituent messages from mail and voicemail into
the IQ database
Draft form letters responding to constituent concerns
Respond to constituent messages through phone calls or emails as needed
Assist legislative team with researching data and information
Compile draft meeting memos for the legislative staff
Track and input legislative meetings with partners, stakeholders, and
constituents, in IQ.
Perform other duties as assigned by the DC Staff Assistant
Page 12 of 20

The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Ties to Orange County/Southern California are
a plus.
Interns are expected in the office from 9 am to 5 pm; however, hours are flexible
based on a student’s course schedule. Interns will receive a monthly stipend. To
apply, send a cover letter, resume and two references
to CA47.Internship@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2024 DC Internship” in the
subject line. The deadline for submission is Wednesday, July 31, 2024.
MEM-308-24 Overview: The Office of Congressman Thanedar seeks Legislative Fellows for
an immersive experience in the legislative process this fall. As legislative
fellows, they will be responsible for tasks typically handled by legislative
directors and legislative assistants, including drafting bills, making voting
recommendations, suggesting co-sponsorships, and conducting meetings with
constituents and stakeholders. The program aims to expose fellows to various
aspects of a congressional office and encourage them to pursue broader roles
beyond legislative work.
Responsibilities: Legislative fellows will carry out the following primary duties,
including, among others:
• Tracking and analyzing legislative proposals and providing voting
recommendations
• Advance practical policy recommendations and provide co-sponsorship
recommendations
• Engage with other policymakers, congressional committees, their staff,
and a broad array of state and community organizations
• Observe the activities of congressional committees in which the
Congressman participates, to create inquiries and statements for the
Congressman to utilize during hearings
• Propose, and produce legislation for the Congressman’s legislative
portfolio
• Write and publish opinion editorials (“op-eds”) on topics related to the
Congressman’s brand
• Produce a variety of written content such as one-page briefs,
backgrounders, and general legislative research
Qualities:
• Strong passion for public service and constituents
• Good communication skills, particularly the ability to answer questions
and explain complicated topics cogently
• Excellent writing—and synthesizing abilities
• Ability to stay organized and multitask in a fast-paced environment
• Open mind to adapt to new scenarios, tasks, and flexible duties
Page 13 of 20

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample to
hr.thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line "Legislative Fellowship – Last
Name.”
MEM-306-24

The office of Congresswoman Jennifer Wexton (VA-10) seeks highly motivated
candidates for paid Fall 2024 internship positions in our D.C. office.
The ideal candidate is highly motivated, detail-oriented, and organized with
excellent communication and written skills. District or Virginia ties are
preferred. Daily responsibilities include answering phones, managing the front
office, welcoming constituents, attending briefings, compiling press clips, and
assisting the legislative team with various tasks.
Internship hours are typically Monday – Friday from 9:00 am to 5:00/6:00 pm,
but hours may be flexible to accommodate potential Fall/Winter courses.
The Office of Congresswoman Jennifer Wexton is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sexual
orientation, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of other
historically marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should email a resume, a well thought-out cover letter, and
a 1 page writing sample all in a single PDF
to barkat.dhaliwal@mail.house.gov with “FirstName LastName – VA10
Internship” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis
with a deadline of July 31, 5pm EST.

MEM-303-24 The House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight
and Investigations (Democratic Staff) is seeking a Law Clerk for Fall 2024 to
assist in conducting oversight and investigations of issues within the
Committee’s broad jurisdiction. Law Clerks will work closely with
Subcommittee counsel and professional staff on a wide range of issues related to
the environment, energy, health care, and consumer protection sectors. This is a
paid position.
Responsibilities include assisting in the preparation for Congressional hearings;
contributing to the management of investigations of governmental and private
entities; conducting research, document review, and analysis; drafting letters,
memoranda, and investigative reports; and coordinating with other
Subcommittees of the full Committee.
The successful candidate is a current law student or recent law school graduate
who is a detail-oriented and proactive problem-solver with strong
communication and legal research and writing skills. Women, people of color,
veterans, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The office
is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
Page 14 of 20

color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Law
clerks will receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s
assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C O&I Law
Clerk.” Applications are due on July 29th, 2024.
MEM-302-24 The House Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democratic Staff seeks
a motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time
digital media and traditional press intern position this fall.
The intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling
and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn are a must. This position reports
to the Communications Director. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume
and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
MEM-300-24 The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Majority) offers a unique opportunity
to experience first-hand the inner workings of a congressional committee. The
Committee is currently offering a full-time internship position for the Fall
semester.
Intern Role Description
Interns will work closely with Committee staff and have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the legislative process and inner-workings of a
congressional committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced front office,
answering phones, and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting
staff with hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative
research projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Interns may also help out
the press team with media clips, drafting social media posts, and various other
tasks.
How to Apply
Send the below materials to var.internship@mail.house.gov.
1. A cover letter detailing why you would like to be an intern for the House
Committee on Veterans' Affairs, Republican Office

Page 15 of 20

2. A one page resume
Due Dates
• Fall semester internships: 8/2/2024
Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and
possess an energetic, team player attitude and have one year of college
experience. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred.
This is a highly competitive process. Due to the limited amount of space and
resources available, there are usually more qualified applicants than positions
available.
MEM-297-24 The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi(IL-18) is seeking motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individuals for a legislative internship in
Washington, DC for Fall 2024. This internship will be an invaluable opportunity
to dive into the inner workings of Capitol Hill and learn about the legislative
process. This is a stipend-paid position.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple competing tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and
demonstrate a solid work ethic. Candidates with Schaumberg and/or Illinois ties
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting legislative staff with research,
leading Capitol tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the
front office, participating in Committee hearing and markup preparation,
drafting memorandums, and other duties as necessary.
This position is available beginning the last week of August 2024 through midDecember 2024. Interested applicants should fill out the application on our
website at https://krishnamoorthi.house.gov/services/internships. Due to the
large volume of applicants, only those applicants who are selected for interviews
will be contacted.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are
strongly encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-296-24 The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, Fall 2024 Interns
for the Washington, D.C. office.

Page 16 of 20

Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams with
drafting, and other tasks as assigned.
Successful candidates will work well under deadlines, are organized, hardworking, detail-oriented, have excellent customer service skills, and are team
players. Nevada ties are strongly preferred.
Interns will be eligible for a monthly stipend. Interested candidates should send a
resume, cover letter, and 2 writing samples to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with
“Fall 2024 DC Intern - [Last Name], [First Name]” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-295-24 The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is hiring a
legislative intern for Fall 2024. Applications are due by Wednesday, July 31,
2024.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Conducting legislative research
Managing and responding to constituent correspondence
Assisting with Committee events
Attending briefings and hearings for staff
Drafting memos
Providing administrative support, including answering calls and delivering
correspondence
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be
detail-oriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the Committee
and the legislative process. The Committee strongly encourages veterans,
minorities, women, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU
and MSI students to apply.
This full-time or part-time, in-person, paid position is based in Washington, D.C.
Please complete the online application at https://democratsveterans.house.gov/opportunities
MEM-286-24 Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking an enthusiastic, highly
motivated press/digital intern to work in person in the Washington, DC office
for the Fall Session. Press/Digital Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated
into the day-to-day operations of our office.
They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
communications staff. This includes, but is not limited to attending press
conferences, compiling press clips, drafting social media posts, drafting press
Page 17 of 20

releases, talking points and other written materials, answering phones, and
sorting mail.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual and have strong writing and
editing skills. A working knowledge of digital content creation products (Adobe
Creative Suite, Canva, or equivalent products) is a plus. Preferred applicants have
District ties, though not required. This is a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application on our site: meeks.house.gov/services/internships
with a resume, one-page writing sample and graphic design sample no later than
COB August 9, 2024.
MEM-285-24 Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking enthusiastic highly
motivated part time legislative interns to work in person in the Washington, DC
office for the Fall Session. Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into
the day-to-day operations of our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of
responsibilities to assist our legislative and communications staff. This includes
attending congressional hearings, writing memos, administrative tasks, answering
phones, sorting mail, and assisting staff.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and
editing skills. Preferred applicants have District ties, though not required. This is
a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application on our site: meeks.house.gov/services/internships
with a resume, cover letter, up to 2-page writing sample, no later than COB
August 9, 2024.
MEM-283-24 Representative Jim Baird (IN-4) is seeking internship applicants for Fall 2024 in
his Washington, DC office. This is a paid, in-person, invaluable opportunity to
experience the legislative process hands-on through a wide range of tasks and
responsibilities providing support with office administration, communications,
and legislative work.
Responsibilities may include answering phones, greeting office visitors, sorting
mail, conducting legislative research, attending hearings and briefings, giving
tours of the U.S. Capitol, assisting communications staff with press releases and
social media, and drafting constituent letters.
The ideal candidate should have strong oral and written communication skills, be
detail oriented, motivated, and flexible, and address all work with a positive
attitude.
Prior constituent or customer service experience, a demonstrated interest in
Page 18 of 20

public service, and District/Indiana ties are preferred.
The internship will run from late August/early September to mid-December and
can be full-time or part-time to accommodate educational commitments.
Interested applicants should apply and upload a resume through the website at:
https://baird.house.gov/services/internships.htm. Any questions can be directed to
baird.intern@mail.house.gov
MEM-282-24 The Washington, D.C. Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07),
member of the House Judiciary Committee and Chair of the Congressional
Progressive Caucus, is seeking a law clerk to work with her legislative team.
Under the supervision of the office’s Legislative Counsel, the law clerk will
conduct legal and policy research, attend and staff Judiciary Committee hearings,
make vote recommendations, and draft legal and policy memos and other
documents. High-achieving law students interested in public law, policy, politics,
or government service are strongly encouraged to apply.
Law clerks will engage in serious, substantive work across a number of issue
areas, including antitrust enforcement, administrative law reform, civil rights and
civil liberties, court reform and oversight, criminal justice, voting rights, and
intellectual property. The clerkship is unpaid but available for academic credit.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please email a (1) resume, (2) cover letter, (3) writing sample, and (4)
list of three references with email contacts to
Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov. Please send all application documents
in a single PDF file and include “Law Clerk – FirstName Last Name” in the
subject line.
MEM-277-24 The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Fall 2024 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.

Page 19 of 20

Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other
congressional offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability to
CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.

Page 20 of 20

