________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 20, 2017

MEM-092-17

Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for Spring 2017. Applicants must be able to start
immediately. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to
assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties
include attending briefings, answering phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis,
and various other tasks. Nevada ties are encouraged but not required. Please send
resume and cover letter to Catherine.chrobak@mail.house.gov.

MEM-090-17

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office. Candidates should be collegial, professional,
quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written
communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include
assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing
memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
Page 1 of 8

are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter
and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-089-17

The House Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks a qualified
graduate or undergraduate press intern for the Spring 2017 Semester. An
internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Press interns will compile daily news clips, draft news
releases and social media content, conduct research, and assist with
administrative tasks such as updating media lists. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings, media briefings or media events on
subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction. A background in journalism,
public relations or general communications is preferred, but not required.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are encouraged to apply.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two
references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov, with “Spring Press
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-088-17

The House Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks qualified
graduate and undergraduate interns for the Summer 2017 program. An internship
with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give students a
thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the legislative
process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff with
administrative tasks such as answering phones, organizing documents, and
preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to perform legislative research, shadow staff at hearings and
markups, and attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction.
The ideal candidate is an organized and committed student or recent graduate
who is eager to join a fast-paced environment and interested in learning more
about the legislative process. Superior writing and communication skills,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is
preferred, but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov with
“Summer 2017 Internship” in the subject line.
Page 2 of 8

MEM-085-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Martha McSally is currently
seeking applicants for a paid full-time internship to start immediately for the
spring 2017 term ending in mid-May. Responsibilities include assisting the staff
with front office operations, conducting legislative research, answering
constituent calls and inquiries, conducting U.S. Capitol tours, attending
committee briefings and hearings, and learning about the day-to-day operations
of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be ambitious, proactive, have a
positive attitude and demonstrate a strong interest in the legislative process.
Unpaid internships are available to qualified college students seeking college
credit or recent college graduates. Arizona ties preferred but not required. No
drop-ins. Please e-mail a resume and cover letter to
seton.brems@mail.house.gov.

MEM-084-17

Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with
legislative, policy and administrative support. The individual is required to
demonstrate exceptional research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Performs legislative and policy research.
• Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups by:
o Researching background on witnesses and hearing topics.
o Finalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff.
o Delivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
• Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee.
• Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
o Answering Phones
o General office tidiness and maintenance
• Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and policy
negotiations, discussions and other activities.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least a sophomore in college. Coursework and experience in Political
Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related field is
preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written communication
skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines. Must be familiar
with Microsoft Office.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
elise.phillips@mail.house.gov.

MEM-081-17

The Office of Congressman A. Donald McEachin (VA-04) seeks a Press Intern.
Current college students and recent grads are encouraged to apply. Primary
responsibilities will include: compiling and distributing daily news clips; pitching
reporters; creating graphics; press list maintenance; media monitoring; writing
press releases, advisories, website content, floor speeches, and social media posts.
Page 3 of 8

Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills as well as
the ability to work under tight deadlines. Individuals with a background in
communications, journalism, public relations, public affairs or political science is
strongly preferred. Please send a resume, brief cover letter, two short writing
samples, and availability to jamitress.bowden@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Press Intern” by March 31st.
MEM-080-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is
seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the
Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Summer of
2017.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff
to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital
content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting
press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or
graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips
at 7:45 am and ends at 3:45 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on
Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major
legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of
activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if
applicable, a portfolio sample to Sam Menchel at
NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact Sam
at 202-225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-079-17

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is
offering summer internship opportunities for college students and recent college
graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office
provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation
of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents,
attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues
for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and
together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to
increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal
government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative
process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s
position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.

Page 4 of 8

Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing
sample to Sam Menchel at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do
not hesitate to contact Sam at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
MEM-076-17

California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the Spring 2017
internship session, to begin immediately. Interns will conduct legislative research,
compile press clips, assist with front office operations, help with constituent
relations, coordinate and conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day
operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking,
creative, critical thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications
and writing skills are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not
required. Please submit a cover letter, brief writing sample, and resume to
bera.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-073-17

Congressman Steve Womack is currently seeking hard-working interns in his
Washington, D.C. office for March through May 2017. Interns will work closely
with Congressman Womack’s staff and constituents while learning the inner
workings of the United States Congress and about issues affecting Arkansans.
Duties include, but are not limited to, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, sorting
constituent mail, answering phones, attending hearings and briefings, and
assisting staff members. Those interested in political science, government, public
policy, business, and social work are encouraged to apply. Congressman
Womack is a member of the Appropriations Committee, and serves on the
Defense, Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, and
Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies
subcommittees. He also sits on the Budget Committee. Any interested candidates
should send a current resume and cover letter to hannah.shea@mail.house.gov.

MEM-071-17

The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
is seeking a full-time intern to start immediately. Successful candidates will be
professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary
responsibilities include answering phones and handling mail as well as assisting
with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist with investigative
research or other projects as needed. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.
To apply please send your cover letter, resume and 1-2 page writing sample to
oversight.democrats@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Internship.”

MEM-070-17

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Spring 2017 and/or Summer 2017 semester(s) in
Washington DC. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting
visitors, leading tours of the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping
conduct research for various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a
meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fastpaced environment, and an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional
operations. Internships are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career
on Capitol Hill. Ties to the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required.
Page 5 of 8

Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work
availability with the subject line “Spring 2017 Internship” OR “Summer 2017
Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.
MEM-066-17

Democratic Leadership office is currently accepting intern resumes for the
upcoming Summer 2017 Semester. The spring internship program will begin
early May and run through July/August. Interns will assist with Member
outreach, event planning, legislative work and press services. Interns will also be
handling front office responsibilities, answering phones, distributing mail and
directing guests to appropriate staffers. Qualified applicants must possess a
pleasant attitude, great work ethic and have a flexible schedule. Candidates
involved in an education or leadership program are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume to Caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov
with your availability. Include “2017 Summer Democratic Leadership Internship”
in the subject line.

MEM-062-17

Congresswoman Kathy Castor’s (FL-14) Washington, D.C. office is currently
accepting applications for Full-Time Interns for her Summer 2017 Internship
Program from May through June/July. Interns will work in a fast-paced
Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative
process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to
conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some
Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern
responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone
calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with
administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid. Applicants should be wellorganized, responsible, reliable, and possesses excellent oral and written
communication skills. Florida ties are preferred, but not required. Interested
candidates should email a resume and cover letter to FLdem.resume@gmail.com
with “Summer Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-060-17

The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience
in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates
will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary
responsibilities include answering phones and handling mail as well as assisting
with Committee hearings. Interns may also be asked to assist with investigative
research or other projects as needed. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.
To apply please send your cover letter, resume and 1-2 page writing sample to
oversight.democrats@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Internship.”

MEM-059-17

Democratic Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks current college
students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for summer
2017 internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern duties include answering
phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail and faxes,
Page 6 of 8

leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and other
responsibilities as needed. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral and
written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to work on
a variety of tasks. Preference given to interns with full-time availability, but those
seeking part-time internships will be considered. Pennsylvania ties a plus but not
required. Internship positions are unpaid. To apply, please email cover letter,
resume, and a brief writing sample (no more than two pages) to Zach Rosen at
Zach.Rosen@mail.house.gov. Please include availability in your cover letter.
MEM-057-17

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer for 2017.
Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and
professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and
members of the media. Responsibilities would include writing releases,
monitoring social media and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and
serves to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is
flexible in allowing intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with
LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a
fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with
“Communications Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate
dates of availability.
No phone calls, please.

MEM-056-17

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
legislative intern for her Washington D.C. office for the summer of 2017. Ideal
candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong work ethic and
writing skills. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent
correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid
and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants. Office is
flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with
LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in a fastpaced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com with
“Legislative Intern” in the subject line. Please include your approximate dates of
availability.
No phone calls, please.

Page 7 of 8

MEM-055-17

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks full or part-time spring interns for her
Washington, D.C. office. Interns will work in a fast-paced and fun congressional
office, gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Additionally, interns will have the
opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and
briefings for the legislative staff. The ideal candidates will possess exceptional
written and oral communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well
as a strong interest in public service. Washington state ties are a plus, but are not
required. Interested applicants should send a current resume and cover letter to
Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.

MEM-054-17

Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is currently seeking a full-time intern to
start immediately with a flexible end date. Ideal candidates have excellent writing
and research skills, a positive attitude, and a willingness to complete tasks as
assigned. Intern responsibilities include researching and writing Congressional
correspondence, helping constituents find information and fielding constituent
phone calls. This internship also provides the opportunity to work closely with
staff members and assist in various projects. Washington/West Coast ties are
preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume, cover letter
and two references to: katy.nazaretova@mail.house.gov. Please include “WA-02
Internship” in the subject line. This internship is unpaid but office will assist in
acquiring academic credit for internship.

MEM-052-17

Conservative Florida Republican is currently seeking highly motivated and
organized applicants for a full-time unpaid internship for the 2017 summer
internship program. The internship is scheduled to run from May to August, but
the months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or school
schedule of the applicant. The internship program is open to college students and
recent graduates who are interested in learning more about our country’s
legislative process and the day-to-day operations of a congressional office.
Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred,
but are not required. If interested, please send a resume to
FLConservative@mail.house.gov with "2017 Summer Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

Page 8 of 8

