________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 7, 2023

MEM-427-23

The Office of Congresswoman Valerie P. Foushee (NC-04) is seeking motivated,
detailed-oriented, and energetic individuals for a paid Fall 2023 internship.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic.
DC intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending hearings and
briefings on behalf of legislative staffers, supporting staff members with
legislative research and other tasks as assigned, compiling daily press clips for
the Congresswoman, sorting constituent correspondence and drafting responses,
answering phone calls, and greeting visitors to the office.
District intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting research, assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent
correspondence, community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the
discretion of the District Director. As a result, the intern will gain invaluable
knowledge about our district and will be an integral part of the functioning of our
District Office.
The term of this internship will be during the fall semester. part-time interns must
work at least 10-15 hours a week, Monday-Friday, hours may be flexible to
accommodate students' course schedules. Applications will be reviewed on a
Page 1 of 19

rolling basis; applicant are encouraged to apply early. The due date for
applications is August 18.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and at least two
references to NC04Resumes@mail.house.gov. Incomplete applications will not
be reviewed.
The Office of Representative Foushee is an equal opportunity employer
committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment. Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against
because of race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical
disability, sexual orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender
expression) identity, color, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or
any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.
MEM-426-23

Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is seeking applicants for the Fall 2023
internship program in his Washington D.C. office.
The paid in-person internship will run from September through December.
Internship duties will include (but are not limited to): leading tours of the Capitol,
answering phones, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and other
tasks to assist staff.
The idea candidate for this internship can carry out independent research and has
strong written and verbal communication skills and attention to detail. Interns
must also have a positive and collaborative attitude.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
on our nation’s legislative process. Ties to Washington are preferred, but not
required. Women, people of color and LGBTQIA+ persons are strongly
encouraged to apply.
All interested applicants should email their resume and cover letter in a single
PDF to Danielle Hall at Danielle.Hall@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall
2023 Internship”. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Deadline
August 20th.

MEM-423-23

Fall internships in Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer’s office will be held inperson in the Washington, D.C. office. Schedules are flexible to accommodate
academic schedules. All interns are paid a stipend.
Interns would have the chance to gain valuable hands-on experience while
serving the constituents of Missouri’s third district. Interns would be exposed to a
wide range of policy areas, including the Congressman’s work on the House
Financial Services Committee, Small Business Committee, and the Select
Committee on the Chinese Communist Party.
Page 2 of 19

Responsibilities would include corresponding with constituents, performing
research for staff, giving tours of the Capitol building, attending Congressional
hearings, and helping prepare for upcoming hearings.
Interested applicants should send a copy of their resume
to Andrew.Weinstock@mail.house.gov. Successful interns have strong attention
to detail and communications skills, as well as a strong interest in learning about
the legislative process.
MEM-420-23

Fall internships in Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer’s office will be held inperson in the Washington, D.C. office. Schedules are flexible to accommodate
academic schedules. All interns are paid a stipend.
Interns would have the chance to gain valuable hands-on experience while
serving the constituents of Missouri’s third district. Interns would be exposed to a
wide range of policy areas, including the Congressman’s work on the House
Financial Services Committee, Small Business Committee, and the Select
Committee on the Chinese Communist Party.
Responsibilities would include corresponding with constituents, performing
research for staff, giving tours of the Capitol building, attending Congressional
hearings, and helping prepare for upcoming hearings.
Interested applicants should send a copy of their resume
to Andrew.Weinstock@mail.house.gov. Successful interns have strong attention
to detail and communications skills, as well as a strong interest in learning about
the legislative process.

MEM-418-23

Position: Rep. David Rouzer (NC-07) is seeking paid, in-person interns for his
Washington, D.C. office for Summer 2023
Description: As an integral part of the team, interns contribute to the daily
operations of the office. Daily tasks will include assisting the legislative and
communication departments, constituent correspondence, conducting U.S.
Capitol Tours, and various designated projects. Ideal candidates should possess
strong interpersonal communication skills, excellent writing skills, and a strong
work ethic. The ability to keep a positive attitude in a fast-paced everchanging
work environment is a must.
Interested applicants should send their resume and a writing sample
to nc07internship@gmail.com.
Looking for interns to start immediately. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis until positions are filled.

Page 3 of 19

Email to send resume (and other items if requested)
to: nc07internship@gmail.com
MEM-417-23

The Republican Staff at U.S. House Committee on Agriculture is seeking a full
time Intern for the Fall 2023 session.
The Agriculture Committee has jurisdiction over a wide range of legislative and
oversight issues, including:
1. Agricultural colleges and experiment stations.
2. Agricultural economics and research.
3. Agricultural education extension services.
4. Agricultural production and marketing and stabilization of prices of
agricultural products, and commodities (not including distribution outside of the
United States).
5. Animal industry and diseases of animals.
6. Commodity exchanges.
7. Crop insurance and soil conservation.
8. Dairy industry.
9. Extension of farm credit and farm security.
10. Livestock, poultry, meat products, and seafood and seafood products.
11. Forestry in general, and forest reserves other than those created from the
public domain.
12. Human nutrition and home economics.
13. Rural electrification.
14. Rural development.
15. Water conservation related to activities of the Department of Agriculture.
Intern assignments will vary depending on the work of the Committee each
semester. Examples of potential responsibilities include:
1. Researching policy issues under the committee’s jurisdiction
2. Conducting Farm Bill research
3. Attending briefings and hearings on the Hill
4. Drafting memos
5. Supporting committee counsels
6. Supporting committee clerks and professional staff members
7. Providing administrative support, including answering calls, delivering
correspondence, supporting transcribed interviews, and setting up the hearing
room.
The deadline for applications for the Fall 2023 session is August 11th.
This internship is based in Washington, DC.
Applications can be submitted to mason.may@mail.house.gov

Page 4 of 19

MEM-416-23

The Office of Representative Victoria Spartz (IN-05) is looking for paid interns
for the Fall 2023 semester. Successful candidates will possess strong
communication and research skills and be capable of working in a dynamic and
fast-paced environment.
Interested candidates should apply
at https://spartz.house.gov/services/internships. The deadline to apply is August
11th.
Primary Duties/Responsibilities:
• Interns could be expected to handle, sort and/or log incoming calls, mail, and
electronic correspondence, lead tours of the Capitol and other national landmarks,
conduct research, help draft legislative and official correspondence, and assist the
D.C. office staff with work as assigned including administrative and logistical
support.
• Provide a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the office to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs.
• Handle incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness.
• Assist with flag and greeting requests from Member, and White House.
• Help coordinate constituent tours of the Capitol, White House and other DC
based tours.
• Support the administrative staff to deliver and relay messages to Member and
staff during Committee business and Floor proceedings.
• Assist with legislative team with research and policy.

MEM-414-23

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Fall 2023
internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates,
and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman
DeLauro's office entail both administrative and legislative work. Interns are
involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment as well as possess excellent writing skills and an enthusiastic
attitude. Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to
work in a highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form found
via https://delauro.house.gov/services/internships along with a cover letter,
resume, brief writing sample (1-2 pages), and two reference contacts
to Claybrook.Vaughan@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2023

Page 5 of 19

Internship” by 11:59PM on August 18. Please send completed application form
and all application materials in a single PDF file.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.
MEM-412-23

The Office of Congressman Bill Johnson (OH-06) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Fall 2023 semester.
The internship is expected to run from August to December.
Qualified applicants should possess strong communication skills, be interested in
public policy, have a strong work ethic, and be ready to work in a rapid
environment. This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and
knowledge of the day-to-day happenings within Congress. This internship is an
ideal fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government –
however, any interested student is encouraged to apply.
Job duties include (but are not limited to)
•Leading tours of the Capitol Building
•Attending briefings and meetings
•Conducting congressional research for staffers
•Administrative assistance to staff
•Answering and logging phone calls
Ohio ties are preferred but not required. Current college students and recent
graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested candidates should apply through our
website https://billjohnson.house.gov/constituentservices/internships.htm

MEM-408-23

The Office of Congressman Greg Casar (TX-35) is currently seeking candidates
for paid internship for the Fall 2023 term. Fall internships are part-time and inperson in our Washington, DC office. Ties to the District, Texas, and Spanish
language fluency are preferred but not required. Applications are due by August
11, 2023.
The Fall 2023 internship program runs September 5 to November 15. Internships
in our office are paid $15/hour at the close of each month. A summer internship is
20 hours per week, five days a week from 9:00AM to 5:00PM ET. Schedule is
flexible to accommodate students enrolled in summer semester courses.
DUTIES
The internship provides a valuable opportunity to contribute to the daily

Page 6 of 19

operations of a congressional office and gain first-hand experience with the
legislative process.
Interns are critical to the operations of a congressional office. Various intern
responsibilities may include but are not limited to: greeting guests, answering
phones, logging constituent phone calls, email inbox, opening and sorting mail,
drafting constituent letters, performing legislative research, leading Capitol tours,
assisting staff with events, meetings, communications tasks, and various day-today office tasks.
QUALIFIED APPLICANT REQUIREMENTS
The ideal candidate will be dependable, professional, detail-oriented, an efficient
multitasker, a proactive problem-solver, be comfortable interacting and speaking
on the phone with the public. Successful internship candidates should:
●Be at least 18 years of age.
●Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
●Possess a professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting
with visitors, constituents, and staff members in a fast-paced, highly dynamic
environment.
●Possess effective skills for verbal and written communications.
●Possess effective teamwork skills, flexibility, willingness to learn new skills,
and the ability to support the needs of multiple team members and leaders in the
office.
●Possess time management skills including the ability to prioritize and track
work status.
HOW TO APPLY
Our office is committed to building a team with diverse lived experiences that
equips our team to serve the Texas 35th district. Candidates are encouraged to
apply and describe in their cover letter how their experience translates to the role
and needs of the office. Application deadline is August 11, 2023, at 12 midnight
ET/ 11 pm CT. Interested applicants should:
1.Fill out an application via the
link: https://airtable.com/appuMrGvk8IxRZcmc/shrEyknNWWJv0kAdw
2.In the application link, submit one combined PDF of a resume, cover letter,
contact information of 2-3 references, and a brief writing sample (no more than
three pages).
3.Due to the large volume of applicants, only applicants selected for interviews
will be contacted.
The Office of Congressman Greg Casar is an equal opportunity employer; we do
not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression,
national origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital status,
sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal
law. Applicants with disabilities who require a reasonable accommodation to
participate in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an

Page 7 of 19

accommodation at any time during those processes. Proof of COVID-19
vaccination and A booster will be requested.
MEM-406-23

Fall internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be held in-person in the
Washington, DC office. All interns are paid a stipend and provided with the
necessary technology for their work. Schedules are flexible to accommodate
course schedules and academic programs; however, a minimum availability of
20-25 hours per week is highly preferred.
All interns will have the opportunity to work with staff in both offices over the
course of the internship and the program is easily tailored to fit interns’ policy
interests and career goals. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative
process, learn about all the different functions of a congressional office, and gain
hands-on professional experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s
Second Congressional District.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident
and effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong
writing skills. They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with
the general public.
Application Instructions:
•To apply for an internship in the Washington, DC office, please email a
combined PDF of your resume and one-page cover letter
to craig.internships@mail.house.gov. Please format your email subject line as
“FirstName.LastName – DC Internship.”
•Please include your weekly availability between the hours of 9:00am and
6:00pm ET in your cover letter.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented
backgrounds to apply. Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status.
For Summer internships, applications must be submitted no later than 11:59pm
ET on Monday, August 14, 2023. Late submissions will not be considered nor
accepted. If you have any questions regarding the internship program or the
application process, please email craig.internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-404-23

The Democratic Staff at U.S. House Committee on the Judiciary is seeking a full
or part-time Legal Intern for the Fall 2023 session.
The legal internship program offers law students an opportunity to experience the
operation of a congressional committee firsthand and learn about the important
role that our Committee plays in the legislative process. The Judiciary Committee
has jurisdiction over a wide range of legislative and oversight issues, including
Page 8 of 19

oversight of the U.S. Department of Justice, constitutional law, federal criminal
law, voting rights, immigration and naturalization, and antitrust law. Legal interns
work closely with committee staff, including subcommittee staff and/or the
oversight team, on a range of issues.
Legal Intern assignments will vary depending on the work of the Judiciary
Committee each semester. Examples of potential responsibilities include:
1.Researching policy issues under the committee’s jurisdiction
2.Conducting legal research
3.Attending briefings and hearings on the Hill
4.Drafting memos
5.Supporting committee counsels
6.Supporting committee clerks and professional staff members
7.Providing administrative support, including answering calls, delivering
correspondence, supporting transcribed interviews, and setting up the hearing
room.
The Committee strives to ensure that our internship class reflects the diversity of
the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
The deadline for applications for the Fall 2023 session is August 11th. This
internship is based in Washington, DC and is only open to law students.
Applications can be submitted at the following website: https://democratsjudiciary.house.gov/about/internship-opportunities.htm.
MEM-399-23

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full-time in-person
interns in the Washington D.C. office for the Fall term.
The interns will work mainly with D.C.-based staff, performing legislative and
administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience.
Specific duties include drafting and sorting constituent correspondence, attending
virtual policy briefings, performing legislative research, producing daily press
clips, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong written communication skills,
and are committed to public service. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample
to lizzy.Obrand@mail.house.gov with “Pocan Internship – Fall 2023” in the
subject line by August 11. Interested applicants should also apply to the
scholarship program at: https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program.
Page 9 of 19

MEM-398-23

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks
interns for the upcoming Fall 2023 term.
Responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings, drafting and editing
constituent correspondence letters and memos, conducting research for the
legislative staff, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing
support for the day-to-day activities of the office. Our interns have the
opportunity to work either in person or virtually, but preference will be given to
applicants who can commit to working in person. Interns are paid via a monthly
stipend.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and one short writing
sample to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should
indicate their availability for Monday-Friday. The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM
ET on Monday, August 14th, 2023.

MEM-397-23

The Honorable Robert C. "Bobby" Scott, Ranking Member of the House
Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks full-time Fellows to work for the
Committee (Democratic Staff).
Duties may include, but are not limited to, researching and the drafting of
legislation, memos, talking points, and letters, covering congressional briefings.
Candidates should have completed at least one year of law school, have strong
legal research abilities and written and oral communication skills, and be capable
of managing themselves and taking initiative.
Indicate your area of interest and your writing sample should support your
interest and expertise: Health Policy, Education Policy, Labor Policy, Pensions,
Oversight, Disability, Workforce Development, and Workplace Safety. No phone
calls or drop-ins please. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form below to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating
type of “Fellow” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the requirements
will not be considered.

MEM-396-23

The Honorable Robert C. "Bobby" Scott, Ranking Member of the House
Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks full-time committee Interns for
paid internships.
Page 10 of 19

Duties may include, but are not limited to, assisting with administrative tasks,
answering phones, processing mail, legislative research, writing memos, and
attending briefings and hearings. This is a fast-paced office; multitasking and
attention to detail are required.
Interns can receive academic credit. No phone calls or drop-ins please. The office
is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form below to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating
type of “Committee Intern” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the
requirements will not be considered.
MEM-393-23

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) is seeking full or part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
research. This is a paid internship that complies with the House Paid Internship
Program.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: McClintock
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-389-23

The Democratic Staff of the U.S. House Select Committee on Strategic
Competition between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party seeks
qualified undergraduate students and recent graduates for paid internships for the
Summer and Fall 2023 sessions. This position is hybrid (in-office and remote).
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legislative research, providing
support to investigations, drafting memoranda, and performing other policy and
administrative tasks as necessary. Interns play a key role in the office and will
work closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Our ideal candidates are organized, committed, and eager to join a fast-paced
environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, research
and writing skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well
under pressure in a team environment.

Page 11 of 19

Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. A background and/or interest in subject areas related to the People’s
Republic of China is strongly preferred.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to SCCDems.resumes@mail.house.gov. Please put
“[Summer/Fall] 2023 Intern Application” in the subject line. In your cover letter,
please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes. For the Summer
session, the Committee is seeking to hire interns as soon as possible.
MEM-388-23

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking fall interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams with
drafting, and other tasks as assigned.
Successful candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working,
detail-oriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player.
Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Interns will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall DC Intern” in the subject line. No
phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-385-23

Congressman Cliff Bentz (OR-02) is seeking Fall interns for his Washington
D.C. Office.
Congressman Bentz is a member of the House Judiciary Committee and the
House Natural Resources Committee. Ideal candidates will be college students or
recent graduates who are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detail-oriented,
enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and have customer service experience.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations
and legislative research. Although no two days are the same, an intern may be
expected to answer phones, greet Oregonians, attend policy meetings with other
staff, and assist in managing constituent correspondences and administrative
operations. Interns may also lead tours of the U.S. Capitol and attend committee
hearings.
Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide
valuable experience for future endeavors. The internship will generate the
opportunity to foster excellent connections, learn about many issues affecting our
state and country, gain expertise in any policy areas you might be interested in,
and get a detailed look at what makes the United States the most enduring
democracy in the world.
Page 12 of 19

Desired Availability: Applicants should be able to commit to at least 20 hours per
week. Office hours are 9:00AM – 5:00PM weekdays. The internship is in-person.
All interested applicants are asked to fill out the application form found on the
Congressman’s website: https://bentz.house.gov/services/internships.
MEM-380-23

Committee on House Administration – Majority Staff
Title: Legal Intern
Reports to: General Counsel/Deputy Staff Director
Job Summary: This temporary position performs a key role in assisting
committee staff with the development and execution of the Committee on House
Administration’s strategy with respect to elections, legislative oversight, and
Capitol security issues, as well as ensuring that the committee’s activities are
operated in conformance with applicable statutes, House Rules, and Committee
Rules. Goals of this position include development of the incumbent's legal
research, writing, and advice skills, exposure to the Committee's areas of
jurisdiction, and increased knowledge of the Legislative Branch.
Major Duties:
•Legal research as directed by General Counsel or other members of the legal
team.
•Writing tasks to include plain-English advice and memoranda.
•Committee hearing/meeting monitoring and preparation assistance.
•As the Congressional calendar warrants, assistance to General Counsel with
respect to the debate of legislation either in Committee or on the Floor of the
House.
•Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
•Ability to work full-time and in-person at our Washington, D.C. office.
•Enrolled at an accredited U.S. law school (or a recent graduate).
•Authorization to work in the United States.
•Demonstrated interest in developing legal research and writing skills and open to
mentoring and constructive, productive feedback.
•Ability to initiate and maintain positive working relationships with colleagues.
•Ability to complete assigned tasks and prioritize those tasks in an efficient
manner in a high-pressure environment that may require tight deadlines.
•Dedicated focus on strong communication.
•Ability to act with integrity and in a fair and equitable fashion toward all
Members, staff, and stakeholders.
•Anticipates and adjusts for problems.
•Creative and has a willingness to learn and grow.

Page 13 of 19

Benefits:
•Paid stipend.
•Transit benefits.
•Class credit (if available through the law school).
* This is a congressional position. Applicants' partisan affiliation may be
considered.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of
work being performed by incumbents assigned to this job. This is not intended to
be an exhaustive list of all the responsibilities, duties, and skills required. The
duties may be changed and other duties may be assigned.
To apply, please send a resume and writing sample
to Hannah.Fraher@mail.house.gov.
MEM-373-23

The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated
candidates for a paid Fall 2023 internship position in our D.C. office.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills,
can multi-task, and is committed to being a team player. Responsibilities will
include answering phones, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the needs of
the Congresswoman’s staff.
The internship will run through the Fall semester, from 9am-6pm when Congress
is in session and from 9am-5pm when Congress is not in session. Ties to
Nevada’s First District are strongly preferred.
The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status. Women, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of
other historically marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and short (1-2 page)
writing sample in a single document to Ciara.Donovan@mail.house.gov with
“[LAST NAME, FIRST NAME] Fall 2023 Internship Application” in the subject
line. No calls or drop-ins, please.
Applications will be accepted until Friday, August 11th with applications
considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-372-23

The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly
motivated, proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications
team.

Page 14 of 19

Applicants must be available to begin in early September. Qualified candidates
will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay attention to detail, be
responsive and punctual, and have solid writing and editing skills. Preferred
applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and are willing to perform and
follow through on a wide variety of tasks. A monthly stipend is available.
• Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
• Position can be virtual, in person, or hybrid
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and
Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Photoshop or Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Drafting short newsletters
*Editing written materials, such as newsletters or press releases
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should please send resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples,
and a graphic sample (if applicable)
to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com
MEM-368-23

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for the fall of 2023. This is an in-person opportunity, with some hybrid
work-from-home hours possible. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
Page 15 of 19

•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.
MEM-366-23

PRESS AND DIGITAL INTERN
The House Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time digital
media and traditional press intern position this fall.
The intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content creation,
graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and administrative tasks
as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling
and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn are a must.
This position reports to the Communications Director. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-364-23

Office of Congresswoman Lori Trahan (MA-03)
Washington, D.C. Office
In D.C., our internship program runs throughout the fall, spring, and summer
terms. Hours can be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules but
generally run 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM with options for full-time and part-time
employment.
General Internship
In D.C., intern responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislation,
attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on various
issues before the House. Interns will also assist in various administrative tasks as
needed. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.
Page 16 of 19

Press Internship
In D.C., press interns assist the driven press team by developing social media
content, drafting press releases, sorting press clips, creating digital content, and
assisting the team with a variety of projects as needed. Interns will work closely
with communications staffers and learn about the press operations in the office.
Candidates should have a foundation of technical knowledge on social media
platforms. Communications, journalism, or public relations studies are a plus.
Submission of a sample graphic is recommended but not required.
District Office
In the district, located in Lowell, our internship program runs throughout the fall,
spring, and summer sessions. Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate
students' course schedules but generally run 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM with the
options for full-time and part-time employment.
Intern responsibilities include answering phones, responding to constituent letters
on various issues, assisting with resolving constituent casework, researching daily
press clips, and drafting memos as needed. Interns will gain comprehensive
knowledge of Massachusetts’ 3rd District, as well as the services the district
office provides.
To Apply
Candidates for the fall internship program should be extremely motivated,
flexible, and detail-oriented, with the availability to begin in late August. District
ties are preferred but not required. Candidates who demonstrate strong oral and
written communication skills, the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced workflow,
and an interest in public service are encouraged to apply.
You may only apply to one office each session. Previous applicants are
encouraged to re-apply, as past applications are not kept on file. The application
deadline for the Fall term is August 15th, 2023. Applications are considered on a
rolling basis.
To apply, please complete the following form
via https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/. Additionally, please email your
cover letter and resume as PDF documents to: LT.Internship@mail.house.gov. In
the subject line, please include which internship you are applying for, such as
“Fall District Office Internship Application.”
Our office is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to
be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, gender identity, religion, sexual orientation, age,
disability, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status under
applicable laws. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds to apply.

Page 17 of 19

MEM-362-23

Congressman Dan Newhouse (R-WA-04) is currently seeking paid congressional
interns for the Fall 2023 term.
The internships are in-person and will run from September to the end of
November. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to undergraduate and recent
college graduates.
Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, opening and sorting mail,
greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative, legislative, and
communications tasks, and producing a daily memo.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, ability to conduct research, strong writing skills, and be able to work in a
fast-paced work environment. District ties will be considered however are not
required.
Interested applicants should send their resumes, cover letters, and any writing
samples with the subject line “Fall 2023 Internship”
to Paige.Ash@mail.house.gov.

MEM-356-23

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the fall internship session.
The start date would be as early as Aug 3 (flexible depending on availability)
with a flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and have
access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to paxton.antonucci@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in your cover letter that
you’re applying for a fall internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume],
[Full Name_Cover Letter].

MEM-347-23

Congressman Barry Moore (AL-02) is seeking part-time OR full-time interns for
the Fall 2023 semester in both his Washington, D.C. and District offices.

Page 18 of 19

The internships are based in the Washington, D.C., Andalusia, Wetumpka, Troy,
and Dothan, Alabama offices. They are open to college students of all majors and
designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates
with an interest in public service. Hours are flexible to accommodate course
schedules, but generally run from 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, a passion for public service, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Intern responsibilities include answering the phones, drafting constituent letters,
listening to hearings and briefings, assisting the press & leg team, conducting
research, and administrative work as needed. Interns will gain an understanding
of the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and class schedule/availability
to Internships.AL02@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Intern
Application 2023 (Office Location).” Please specify in the email and subject line
which office you are applying for.
MEM-331-23

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (DC-00) is seeking to
hire a motivated, detail-oriented, current college undergrad student, graduate
student, or recent graduate wishing to gain constituent-oriented internship
experience in the DC District Office.
District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, conducting research,
assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the
District Director. As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions
of our impactful District office.
The term of this internship will be from September 5th, 2023---December 14th,
2023. The internship is paid full-time internship, interns must work at least 30
hours a week and will be provided a travel stipend. Typical hours for internships
are Monday through Thursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm, although hours may be
flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, 1 writing sample on a
current issue, and at least one reference to norton.casework@mail.house.gov.
The deadline to apply is 9:00 am EST, Tuesday, August 11th. District ties are
encouraged but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.

Page 19 of 19

