________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 12, 2022

MEM-594-22

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the Spring internship session. The
start date would be as early as January 17th (with a flexible start and end date
depending on availability). Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and
have access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to JeffVanDrewNJ@gmail.com. Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re
applying for a Spring internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume],
[Full Name_Cover Letter].

MEM-593-22

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Spring 2023.
Page 1 of 11

Qualified applicants should possess strong communication skills, be interested in
learning about the legislative process, and have a willingness to work in our fastpaced office.
Responsibilities include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, attending
policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional tasks to
assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not required. A
monthly stipend is available.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability
to intern.OH06@gmail.com.
MEM-592-22

Spring Press Intern - Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03)
The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) is currently seeking a spring
Press Intern to work in the Washington, D.C. office. The press intern will work
closely with the communications team in a fast-paced, battleground
Congressional office. Interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience and a
deep understanding of the operations of a House communications/digital team.
Responsibilities will include compiling daily clips, drafting press releases and
other written materials, maintaining press lists, assisting with updates to the
Member’s official social media channels, and collaborating on graphic/creative
content. Press interns may also assist with answering phones, drafting letters, and
helping other staff as needed.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, one writing sample, and
any additional social media/graphic examples that they wish to include
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Full Name - Spring Press Intern” in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-589-22

Winter internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be held in-person in both
the Washington, DC, and Burnsville offices.
All interns are paid a stipend and provided with the necessary technology for
their work. Schedules are flexible to accommodate course schedules and
academic programs; however, a minimum availability of 20-25 hours per week is
highly preferred.
All interns will have the opportunity to work with staff in both offices over the
course of the internship and the program is easily tailored to fit interns’ policy
Page 2 of 11

interests and career goals. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative
process, learn about all the different functions of a congressional office, and gain
hands-on professional experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s
Second Congressional District.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident
and effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong
writing skills. They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with
the general public.
Application Instructions:
• To apply for an internship in the Washington, DC or Burnsville office, please
email a combined PDF of your resume and one-page cover letter to
craig.internships@mail.house.gov. Please format your email subject line as
“FirstName.LastName – Rep. Craig Internship.”
• Please include which office you are applying for (Burnsville or Washington,
DC) and your weekly availability between the hours of 8:00am and 6:00pm.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented
backgrounds to apply.
Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status.
For Winter/Spring 2023 internships, applications must be submitted no later than
11:59pm CT on Sunday, January 1, 2023. Late submissions will not be
considered nor accepted. If you have any questions regarding the internship
program or the application process, please
email craig.internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-588-22

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking spring interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned. Successful
candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working, detailoriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player. Nevada ties
are strongly preferred. Nevada residents will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Spring Intern” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-584-22

Congressman Scott DesJarlais (TN-04)—paid; full-time internship

Page 3 of 11

The DC office of Congressman DesJarlais is looking for spring interns— from
mid-January through the end of May.
The responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer phones, conduct
Capitol tours, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attend hearings and briefings and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process
and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Interested candidates should e-mail an updated resume and cover letter
to MeKenna.Carman@mail.house.gov
MEM-580-22

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) is seeking full or part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written
and verbal communication skills. Position duties include attending Congressional
hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and
assisting legislative staff with research.
College students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply, and academic
credit is available to qualifying students.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: Spring 2023
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-579-22

The Office of Congresswoman Barbara Lee (CA-13) is seeking to hire motivated,
detail-oriented, current college undergrad students or graduate students to gain
constituent-oriented internship experience in her Oakland District Office.
District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, conducting research,
assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the
District Director. As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions
of our impactful District office.
The term of this internship will be from January 2023---May 2023. The
internship is paid part-time internship, interns must work at least 10-15 hours a
week, 2-3 days a week Monday-Fridays, hours may be flexible to accommodate
students' hectic course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at
least one reference to lee.resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-578-22

The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate-level students, as
Page 4 of 11

well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for a
Spring 2023 internship.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone
inquiries, and providing support to all Committee staff. A background in science
is a plus.
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter
to house.science.committee@mail.house.gov.
MEM-577-22

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Natural Resources is currently
seeking full-time interns for Spring 2023 (January-May).
Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we
seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
eager to learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research,
prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aide
communications. The position comes with a monthly stipend of $3,200 plus
transit benefits.
Our office currently operates on a hybrid basis (M & F remote, and Tu, W & Th
in-person). Depending on guidance from the CDC and Office of the Attending
Physician, internship format may be modified to remote work at any time.
To apply, address your application materials to Qay-Liwh Ammon
at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring Internship
Application – First Name Last Name” by COB December 14, 2022. Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis.
Please include a (1) cover letter, (2) resume, (3) short writing sample, and (4)
availability.
Due to the volume of applications, we will only be reaching out to candidates
who are being actively considered for this position. This posting will be removed
from the Committee’s website when the position has been filled.
Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.

Page 5 of 11

MEM-576-22

U.S. Representative David N. Cicilline is seeking legal interns for spring 2023 to
work with his legislative team.
Interns will work closely with the office’s Legislative Counsel and other staff,
and duties will entail conducting legal research, drafting materials related to
hearings and votes, and providing other assistance as needed.
Issue areas will include constitutional law, oversight over federal agencies,
criminal justice, gun violence prevention, voting rights, immigration, intellectual
property, privacy, financial services, and women’s issues/reproductive rights.
This internship is open to 2L and 3L law students (2L or 3L students in the 20222023 academic year) in good academic standing.
This internship will be hybrid (a combination of in-person and remote work) and
is unpaid but should be done for academic credit. Women, people of color,
LGBTQ+ individuals, individuals with disabilities, and those with Rhode Island
ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please email a (1) resume, (2) cover letter, (3) three-to-five-page
writing sample, (4) unofficial law school transcript, and (5) list of three
references with email contacts to RI01LegalInterns@gmail.com. Please send all
application documents in a single PDF file and include “Legal Intern
Application” in the subject line

MEM-568-22

The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) is seeking a press
fellow to assist with an aggressive and engaged communications operation for
Spring 2022 — to begin in January 2022. This position is based in Rep.
Spanberger’s Washington, D.C. office.
The fellowship is a paid position working directly under Rep. Spanberger’s
communications team. Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong work ethic,
pay close attention to detail, and have solid writing and editing skills. Applicants
must have the ability to work cooperatively and think creatively in a fast-paced
environment. The fellow will be expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per
week. Virginia ties are a plus.
Fellowship responsibilities include:
* Developing social media content
* Compiling press clips
* Assisting with constituent correspondence
* Drafting advisories and other written materials
* Creating graphics
* Clipping videos, including floor speeches and media interviews
* Other duties to support the communications team as needed

Page 6 of 11

Rep. Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. Her office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with dates of
availability to spanbergerpressva07@gmail.com with “Spring 2022 Press
Fellowship” in the subject line. We also recommend — but do not require —
applicants submit 1-2 sample writing samples or sample graphics.
MEM-561-22

The Office of Congresswoman Kim Schrier (WA-08) is seeking spring interns in
its Issaquah and Washington, DC offices for Spring 2023.
Applicants should be eager to learn more about the legislative process and want
to be part of a hardworking team dedicated to serving Washington’s 8th
Congressional District. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office,
gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
In Washington, D.C., intern responsibilities will include greeting constituents,
answering constituent phone calls, supporting staff with administrative tasks,
conducting legislative research, assisting with constituent correspondence, and
other miscellaneous tasks as assigned. Interns in Washington, D.C. also have the
opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol, as well as attend briefings for the
legislative staff.
In the District office, interns will assist with a variety of tasks, including day-today office work such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with
media clips. District office interns may also help with constituent casework or
other District-based projects of importance.
Qualifications
Ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, a
high degree of professionalism, and a strong interest in public service. In
addition, the ability to multi-task and work with a team are a plus. Washington
state ties are a plus, but not required. Starting and ending dates are flexible,
although prospective interns should be able to commit at least 20 hours per week
during business hours. Congressional internships are open to all majors and
designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates
with an interest in public service. Stipends or academic credit are available.
Please apply by December 15th, 2022 at 11:59 p.m. ET. Please be prepared to
submit a cover letter, resume, three references and office preference
at https://schrier.house.gov/services/internships. If you have submission issues,
please email relevant application materials
to DistrictInternshipsWA08@mail.house.gov.

Page 7 of 11

MEM-559-22

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergrad students and recent graduates for legislative interns for the
Spring 2023 session.
Interns will receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s
assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings.
In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and
markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fastpaced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a
sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time
candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In the body
of the email, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes.
Please put “Spring 2023 Legislative Intern Application” in the subject line. The
deadline for applications is December 16, 2022. Please no phone calls or dropins.

MEM-552-22

The Office of Congressman Scott Fitzgerald is seeking candidates for a paid
internship in our Washington, DC office for the spring.
Candidates should be detail-oriented, a team player, have strong written and
verbal communication skills, and be eager to learn about our country’s legislative
process. Responsibilities include answering phones and constituent letters,
researching legislation, attending hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours,
and providing administrative support to the office. Wisconsin ties are preferredbut not required.

Page 8 of 11

Please submit all applications to the Congressman’s official website at the
following link - https://fitzgerald.house.gov/services/internships. The deadline for
applications is Monday, January 9, 2023.
MEM-538-22

The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly
motivated, proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications
team. Applicants must be available to begin at beginning of January.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have solid writing and editing
skills. Preferred applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and are willing
to perform and follow through on a wide variety of tasks. A monthly stipend is
available.
• Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
• Position can be virtual, in person, or hybrid
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and
Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Photoshop or Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Drafting short newsletters
*Editing written materials, such as newsletters or press releases
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should please send resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples,
and a graphic sample (if applicable)
to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com.

MEM-537-22

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for the Spring 2023 semester.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.

Page 9 of 11

To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, (including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample) to https://cartwright.house.gov/services/internships.htm. No phone calls
or drop-ins please.
MEM-524-22

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Spring 2023 session. The internship would begin on
January 19 and last until early May. Our specific dates are tentative on the release
of the official House schedule.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge of the
day-to-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled in
an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an ideal
fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government – however,
any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the legislative
staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping
with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. This will be an in-person
internship. The deadline to apply for the Spring Session is Friday, December 16,
2022.
Interested candidates should apply through our
website https://gregmurphy.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-487-22

“Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Spring 2023 term.
Intern responsibilities include corresponding and communicating with
constituents, researching policy, legislative analysis, guiding Capitol building
tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written
and oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and
cover letter
to marshall.stallings@mail.house.gov and lauren.mazurek@mail.house.gov.

Page 10 of 11

Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to
apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class
schedules. This is a paid position and is competitive with that of other offices.
Rate of pay will depend on hours worked and duration of internship. State ties
preferred but not required.”

Page 11 of 11

