________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 4, 2019

MEM-579-19

The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (NJ-01) seeks paid Press and
Legislative interns for Spring 2020.
Press responsibilities will include updating press lists, drafting social media posts
for the Member’s official social media pages (including Facebook, Twitter and
Instagram), designing graphics and editing short video clips as needed. Ideal
applicants will have experience with iMovie, Adobe Photoshop and social media.
Legislative responsibilities include researching legislation for the legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings and drafting constituent letters on the Member’s
behalf. All interns are expected to work collaboratively with the staff to answer
phones, greet constituents and guide tours of the U.S. Capitol Building.
The Office of Congressman Norcross is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to
apply. New Jersey ties are a plus but not required.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter (including weekly availability and
start date) and two references to Elizabeth.leer@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Last Name – Spring Intern – Legislative *or* Press” (please indicate).
Page 1 of 33

MEM-578-19

The office of Congressman Greg Steube (FL-17) is seeking spring interns for his
DC office who will be responsible for answering phones, running errands,
researching legislation, answering constituent letters, and taking detailed briefing
notes for staff.
The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated interest in learning about the
legislative process, be highly articulate, as well as possessing strong
organizational skills.
Start dates and weekly hours are negotiable for this paid internship, Florida ties
are a plus. Please email resume and cover letter to
Alex.Murglin@mail.house.gov.
About Congressman Steube: Congressman Greg Steube represents Florida’s 17th
District in Congress. From 2010-2018, Steube used his background in the
military, agriculture, and law, to advance conservative values as a member of the
Florida House of Representatives (2010-2016) and Florida Senate (2016-2018).
In Congress, Steube continues to champion these issues while serving on the
House Judiciary, Oversight and Reform, and Veterans’ Affairs committees.

MEM-577-19

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking a full or part-time
press intern to assist a fast-paced press team in Washington D.C. Intern duties
include drafting press releases and advisories, drafting digital content, sorting
press clips, and assisting the press team with a variety of projects as needed.
The ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills and is passionate about public
service. Adobe Premiere, Photoshop, and Illustrator skills a plus. Preference will
be given to candidates who have completed their first year of college, who have
Pennsylvania ties, and who are majoring in Communications, Journalism, Public
Relations, English, Government or other related fields. At the top of your cover
letter, please indicate that you are specifically interested in the press internship.
Please be advised that though this is a press-focused internship, regular intern
duties will also be assigned.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date
and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com.

MEM-576-19

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) has Spring 2020 openings for
full and part-time congressional interns for her Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with
availability beginning immediately, and a preference will be given for those who
can stay at least three months. Pennsylvania ties are a plus but are not required.

Page 2 of 33

Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects
in diverse issue areas.
Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written
communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a
good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged
to apply.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date
and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com.
MEM-575-19

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a
full-time intern to start immediately through the Spring 2020 semester.
Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and
administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press
clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research,
drafting memoranda and other written materials, and a variety of other tasks.
Candidates should be team-oriented, resourceful, upbeat people who have skills
beyond research and require little supervision. This internship is open to
undergraduates (rising seniors and above), recent graduates, and Master’s and law
students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page
resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and
include “HFAC Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.

MEM-574-19

Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Spring 2019 in
Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with
various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones,
conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and
performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and
willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college
graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required. To apply,
please email a cover letter and resume to: Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
Page 3 of 33

•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor
MEM-573-19

The Office of Congressman Eric Swalwell is seeking an energetic press intern to
join a fast-paced press shop for the spring semester. Opportunities will include
compiling daily press clips, transcribing media hits, writing talking points and
assisting communications staff with the creation of additional materials as
needed.
The ideal candidate is a voracious consumer of news, detail-oriented and a selfstarter who is familiar with graphic and/or video design. Applicants must have
strong writing skills and be willing to work in high-stress situations. No calls or
drop-ins please. California ties are a plus.
Applicants should send a resume, brief cover letter and one writing sample to
Natalie.edelstein@mail.house.gov. Graphic design or video work is not required
but recommended.
Please include: Press Intern Spring 2020, Last Name in the subject line.

MEM-572-19

The Office of Congressman Daniel Lipinski (IL-03) is currently seeking interns
for the spring semester in the Washington D.C. office. Prospective interns should
have a love for politics and the legislative process, a desire to learn, and a
willingness to work hard in this fast-paced office.
Day to day intern responsibilities include: drafting constituent correspondence,
leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, working with legislative staff on policy issue
research, attending briefings and hearings, and answering phones. Interns will
work closely with legislative staff and will be given all the tools necessary to
learn to become a congressional staffer by the end of the internship.
Applications can be submitted via email to IL03StaffAssistant@mail.house.gov.
Applications are due by 5:00pm, Friday, November 8th. A complete application
should include a cover letter, resume and one short writing sample of 2-3 pages.

Page 4 of 33

Please be sure the application includes your name, contact information,
university, year of graduation, dates you are available, and your intended work
schedule (full time or part time). Third District of Illinois ties are preferred.
Please no drop ins.
MEM-571-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Sean Casten (IL-06) is seeking
candidates for a paid internship for Spring 2020 Interns will observe the inner
workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the
legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering
phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings,
and working on special projects.
Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to
find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently and as
part of a team and have strong attention to detail.
Interested applicants should visit the Congressman’s website
https://casten.house.gov/services/internships/ or email
Casten.Internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject
line. Please fill out the provided applications and attach a resume and cover letter.
If you believe you are eligible for financial assistance, please also explain in 2-3
paragraphs why you believe you should receive assistance.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. No drop ins, please. This office
is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression,
or sexual orientation. Full and part-time candidate with Illinois ties are preferred.
Do not hesitate to contact the office if you have any questions regarding our
internship program, 202-225-4561.

MEM-570-19

The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks highly motivated,
personable and professional legislative interns to begin January 2020. Tasks
include answering phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail, addressing
constituent concerns, attending briefings and supporting legislative staff as
needed.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing
skills and close attention to detail. Successful candidates would spend 25-40
hours per week interning in the DC office. Maryland ties a plus.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability to
employment@mail.house.gov. If you have further questions, please call the
Intern Coordinator at (202) 225-4016.

Page 5 of 33

MEM-569-19

We are currently looking for fall and spring interns in Congressman Steven
Palazzo’s office in Washington, D.C. Please email your resume, and cover letter
to Bailey.senyitko@mail.house.gov.
Please complete the application
here https://palazzo.house.gov/uploadedfiles/intern_application_dc_office_.pdf

MEM-565-19

The Office of Congressman Brad Schneider (IL-10) seeks a creative and highly
motivated legislative intern to assist a fast-paced legislative team in the Spring
2020 semester.
Primary responsibilities will include: answering phones, running errands,
researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings
and briefings and answering constituent letters on various policy issues. As a
result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of
a congressional office. Candidates should have strong written and verbal
communication skills, high attention to detail, and the ability to work under tight
deadlines. This position would begin in January 2020.
Previous internship experience and Illinois ties are a plus. Please apply on
https://schneider.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-564-19

The Office of Congressman Brad Schneider (IL-10) seeks a creative and highly
motivated press intern to assist a fast-paced communications team in the Spring
2020 semester.
Primary responsibilities will include: compiling press clippings, creating and
updating press lists, drafting social media content, and other writing projects.
Candidates should have strong written and verbal communication skills, high
attention to detail, and the ability to work under tight deadlines.
Previous internship experience and Illinois ties are a plus. This position would
begin in January 2020. Please apply on
https://schneider.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-563-19

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks selfmotivated undergraduate or graduate level students, as well as recent graduates,
with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its Fall 2019
internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the
opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives.
Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings
(hearings/markups), elections oversight, member services, and other projects, as
well as providing general front office support.
Page 6 of 33

The Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and qualified
candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available hours to
intern.CHADEM@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA Dem
Internship.”
MEM-562-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Mike Johnson (LA-04) is seeking
candidates for full-time and part-time internships for the remainder of 2019 with
the potential to extend into Spring 2020 with certain positions being paid.
Interns will have the opportunity to observe the inner-workings of a
Congressional office while acquiring specific knowledge about the legislative
process.
Responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, assisting staff with legislative
projects, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, and working on
special projects. Louisiana ties are preferred but are not required.
Please apply online at https://mikejohnson.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-561-19

“The office of Congressman Paul Mitchell (MI-10) is currently looking to hire
full time, paid interns in our Washington, DC Office for the Spring 2020
semester. The internship runs from January to May but start/end dates are
flexible. Michigan ties are a plus but not required!
Responsibilities Include:
•Answering phones
•Sorting and distributing mail
•Giving Capitol tours
•Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
•Attending hearings and briefings
•Other projects as assigned
Qualified applicants should possess strong oral and written communication skills,
an ability to multitask, and a desire to learn about the legislative process and
other functions of a congressional office.
To apply, please email a PDF Resume and Cover Letter to
Faith.Mabry@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring 2020 Internship
Application”. Please include dates available in your cover letter.”

MEM-560-19

Congressman Paul Cook (CA-08) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join his
Washington, DC office from November through January for a 3 month
internship. Candidates should be motivated, professional, quick learners, and
phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close
attention to detail are important.
Page 7 of 33

Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings,
answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, and sorting and distributing mail. Full-time candidates with
California ties and previous internship/work experience are preferred. This is a
paid internship.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
joe.tavares@mail.house.gov
MEM-559-19

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks interns for his Washington office the
spring. Spanish skills and Texas connections a plus. Send resume, brief writing
sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use the subject
line: Spring Internship Application. No drop-ins please.

MEM-558-19

A senior member serving on the House Financial Services Committee is seeking
a fall semester, financial services intern to assist the Senior Advisor covering the
financial services portfolio. The person in this role will work on substantive
financial services issues ranging from banking, housing, capital markets, fintech,
insurance, monetary policy, etc.
This will not be a typical internship answering phones or giving tours. You will
be attending hearings, monitoring legislation, assisting with industry and
constituent correspondence, auditing briefings, etc. You will gain an in-depth
understanding of working on the Hill and within the Committee. You should
leave this internship with a better understanding of both the financial services
industry as well as current policy that is impacting our the industry.
Ideal candidates must be hard working, have an interest in financial services, and
a willingness to learn. Candidates do not have to have a background in financial
services in order to be considered.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Attend Committee hearings and briefings.
• Conduct legislative and policy research.
• Track and monitor legislation.
• Formulate hearing questions from witness testimony.
• Assist with preparation of hearing, markup, and Floor briefing books.
• Observe House proceedings.
• Acquire an understanding of Committee mechanics.
• Prepare memoranda on meetings, hearings, and briefings attended or
researched.
• Collect signatures from Member offices for letters, dissenting views, etc.
• Attend Congressional Research Training seminars.
•

Page 8 of 33

Please contact Ashley.gunn@mail.house.gov if interested.
MEM-557-19

A senior-ranking Republican member on the Committee of Ways & Means is
seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships starting in December.
Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining
firsthand knowledge of the legislative process.
D.C. responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting
staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings. Florida ties are
strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to housegopinternshipfl@outlook.com.
No phone calls or drop-ins will be considered.

MEM-556-19

Congressman John Ratcliffe – Spring Internship (Jan-May)
Congressman John Ratcliffe’s office is seeking intelligent and hardworking
individuals for their spring internship program. Responsibilities would include
giving Capitol tours, greeting visitors, answering the phone, sorting and logging
constituent mail, and assisting in various administrative tasks.
Texas ties are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should email their
resume to paige.boogaard@mail.house.gov.

MEM-554-19

Southern Republican seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individuals
for spring internships in Washington, DC.
Description: Southern Republican seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic
individuals for paid internships in Washington, DC. Qualified Applicants should
have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess
strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Duties include: answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings
and answering constituent letters on various issues before the House.
To apply, please send a resume, and cover letter with the phrase “Spring 2019
Internship Application” in the subject line to LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to work in
your cover letter.

MEM-553-19

JOB TITLE:
Spring 2020 Intern
SUMMARY:
Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with policy
Page 9 of 33

and administrative support. The individual is required to demonstrate exceptional
research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Performs legislative and policy research.
• Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups
by:
o Researching background on witnesses and hearing topics.
o Finalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff.
o Delivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
• Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee.
• Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
o Answering Phones
o General office tidiness and maintenance
• Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and
policy negotiations, discussions and other activities.
•

QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least a Sophomore in college. Law school students and recent
graduates are highly recommended to apply as well. Coursework and experience
in Political Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related
field is preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written
communication skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines.
Must be familiar with Microsoft Office.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a short (1-2 page) writing
sample to Amanda.Mims@mail.house.gov.
MEM-552-19

Congressman Dan Meuser (PA-09) seeks applicants for part-time and full-time
internships for Spring 2020 in his Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include drafting memos and constituent letters, answering
phones, assisting legislative staff with research, managing the front office,
leading Capitol tours, greeting constituents, among other tasks.
Pennsylvania ties are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should
send a cover letter and resume to PA09Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please no drop-ins
or phone calls.

MEM-551-19

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking legislative interns for the
Spring Semester. Qualified candidates have academic or professional experience
in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or
all of the following: writing, editing, and event support.
Intern duties will include assisting with administrative and legislative tasks,
answering phones, processing mail, providing Capitol tours, and attending
Page 10 of 33

briefings. Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate
New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page
writing sample, and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with
“Spring Internship” in the subject field.
MEM-550-19

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking press intern to assist with
fast-paced communications operation for Spring 2020. Qualified candidates have
academic or professional experience in American politics, can work on extremely
short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, event
support, social media (esp. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) and photography.
Intern duties may include:
Daily press clips
Answering phones
Drafting documents for distribution to media
Messaging & interview prep documents
Social media content development
Event photography
…and more!
Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate New
Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page
writing sample and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with
“Press Internship” in the subject field.

MEM-549-19

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individual for a legislative internship position this
fall in Washington, DC. This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to gain
hands-on office experience while learning about the legislative process.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative
staff with research, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front
office, participating in hearing preparation, tracking media coverage, and other
duties as necessary.
The position is available beginning in January 2020. To apply, send a resume and
cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Spring Internship
Application”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and end dates,
hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this internship.

Page 11 of 33

This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-548-19

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a press intern for
the DC office for Spring 2020. Qualified applicants have very strong writing and
communication skills, experience with video editing and content creation, a
strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid work ethic. Spanish
speaking candidates with Texas ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: working closely with staff to draft
social media content on a variety of issues and social media platforms, tracking
media coverage, executing daily press clips, and editing the weekly video shoot.
The position is available beginning in January 2020. To apply, send a resume and
cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Spring Press
Internship Application”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and
end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this
internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-547-19

Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-17) has Spring 2020 openings for full and parttime congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be
motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning in
January, and a preference for those who can stay at least three months.
Pennsylvania ties are a plus but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects
in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and
written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and weekly
availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov

MEM-546-19

The Office of Congressman Jared Huffman (D-CA) seeks a
Communications/Digital Fellow. Qualified candidates will have strong writing,
editing, and social media skills, as well as basic familiarity with graphic

Page 12 of 33

design/video editing software. One to two years of experience in a press or digital
media role (including internships) preferred. California ties are a plus!
This position requires the ability to thrive under pressure, multi-task, and
work in a team environment. Candidates must have strong written and verbal
communication skills, with the desire to come up with creative communications
ideas and the ability to work under tight deadlines. The fellow will work closely
with the Communications Director and the legislative staff of Congressman
Huffman.
Responsibilities include:
●Drafting social posts
●Maintaining/updating website
●Designing graphics + editing photos/videos
●Assisting with drafting speeches, press releases, op-eds, advisories, and other
written materials
●Creating and maintaining media lists
Interested applicants should email a resume, two writing samples, and two digital
samples to huffmanpressfellow@gmail.com with the subject line “Last Name Press Fellow.” This is a full time position and offers a monthly stipend
MEM-545-19

The House Small Business Committee Minority Staff is currently looking for
full-time interns for the fall 2019 semester (October – December) with the
possibility of extension through the spring 2020 semester. Interns will be
responsible for providing staff members with policy and administrative support.
Duties may include answering phones, compiling press clips, attending staff
briefings, performing legislative and policy research, and other tasks.
This internship is open to undergraduates (juniors and above) and recent
graduates. The office is an equal opportunity employer and minorities, women,
and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is
unpaid.
If you would like to be considered, please submit a one-page resume and cover
letter to housesmallbusinessinternshipr@gmail.com and include “Fall 2019
Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.

MEM-544-19

The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski (NJ-07) is currently seeking
qualified candidates for their Spring 2020 internship program in the Washington
D.C. office. This internship runs from January to May. Ideal candidates will be
professional, motivated, dependable, a team player, and be able to show strong
written and verbal communication skills.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, assist with
writing constituent correspondence, Capitol tours, attending Congressional
Page 13 of 33

hearings and briefings, assisting legislative staff and producing press clips.
Interns will work closely with legislative staff on interested issue areas and assist
with the Congressman’s committee work.
Applicants must be able to commit to a full-time schedule (35-40 hours per week)
and must be enrolled in a college or graduate program to be eligible for the
position. Applicants with New Jersey ties, previous internship/ work experience,
and receiving educational credit are strongly preferred. Start date is in early
January.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (1 page only) in a single
PDF document to nj07.interns@mail.house.gov with “(Last name) - Paid Spring
Internship.”
No calls or drop ins. Deadline to submit applications is Nov. 5th.
MEM-543-19

The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski (NJ-07) is currently seeking
qualified candidates for an unpaid internship for Spring 2020 in the Washington
D.C. office. This internship runs from January to May but considers the
availability of the applicant. Ideal candidates will be professional, motivated, a
team player, and be able to show strong written and verbal communication skills.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, assist with
writing constituent correspondence, Capitol tours, attending Congressional
hearings and briefings, assisting legislative staff and producing press clips.
Interns will work closely with legislative staff on interested issue areas and assist
with the Congressman’s committee work.
Applicants should be able to commit to a part-time schedule (15-25 hours per
week). Applicants with New Jersey ties and have previous internship/ work
experience are a plus, but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter (1 page only), resume, writing
sample and available dates in a single PDF document to
nj07.interns@mail.house.gov with “(Last name) - Unpaid Spring Internship” in
the subject line.
No calls or drop ins. Deadline to submit applications is Nov. 5th.

MEM-542-19

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) is seeking candidates for a
part-time or full-time paid internship able to start immediately in our
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include drafting memos and
constituent letters, assisting legislative staff with research, answering phones,
managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, and other
tasks as assigned.

Page 14 of 33

Send resume and cover letter only to Alexander.Heldring@mail.house.gov with
“Fall Intern Application” in the subject line. Pennsylvania ties are strongly
preferred. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women,
minorities, and LGBTQ candidates to apply.
MEM-540-19

The Office of Congressman Harley Rouda (CA-48) is seeking a paid
Press/Digital Intern in his DC office.
Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing, and social media skills, as
well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing software. California
ties are a plus!
This position requires the ability to thrive under pressure, multi-task, and work in
a team environment.
Responsibilities include:
•Drafting social posts
•Compiling daily press clips
•Assisting with speechwriting
•Maintaining/updating website
•Designing graphics + editing photos/videos
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing
sample/portfolio to ca48resumes@gmail.com with "Press/Digital Intern" in the
subject line.

MEM-538-19

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full or part-time congressional
internship for Spring. Duties will include conducting legislative research,
drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic
administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication
skills.
California residents or strong ties to San Diego are preferred. Candidates should
be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per week. Please send a resume,
cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and availability (start and end dates as
well as days per week) to CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “Last Name,
First Name, CA52 Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-537-19

Congressman Andy Levin (D-MI) is seeking a Digital Media Intern for a
temporary paid position in his Washington, D.C. office. The intern will assist
with the greater communications operation, but will focus on digital media
content creation.
Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to social media content
generation, website maintenance, analytics, photography, videography, media
monitoring and staffing the member. Candidates will have a keen eye for design,

Page 15 of 33

a desire to grow and learn in the political communications space, knowledge of
graphic design and video editing, a positive attitude and a sense of humor.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, a writing sample, graphic design
sample and a link to a video using the subject line “Digital Media Intern” to
MI09.Resumes@gmail.com
MEM-536-19

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a
full-time legal intern for the Spring 2020 semester.
In addition to providing administrative and operations support to the committee
as needed, the legal intern will work closely with the Counsels team with research
projects, drafting legislation, providing support for full committee markups and
hearings, and attending meetings and briefings. Candidates should be current law
students and require little supervision. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons
are strongly encouraged to apply.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page
resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and
include “Spring 2020 Legal Internship Application” in the subject line of the
email.

MEM-535-19

The Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark [MA-05] is currently seeking
full-time & part-time paid interns for Spring 2020 in her Washington, D.C.
office. Qualified applicants should have strong oral & written communication
skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, the willingness to work in a fast-paced
environment, and be comfortable assisting constituents. A sound knowledge of
Microsoft Office, a solid work ethic as well as a basic understanding of the
political process in Congress is expected.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: answering and screening phone
calls, leading capitol tours, working with staff to research legislative issues and
process information, attending congressional briefings, assisting with
administrative tasks, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues,
assisting the communications team with various tasks, and other projects as they
arise.
Full-time and part-time positions are available beginning in January 2020. To
apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
RepClarkInternships@mail.house.gov. Please indicate availability and expected
start date.

MEM-534-19

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office in early to mid-November. Candidates should be

Page 16 of 33

professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings,
answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are preferred. This is an paid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and
dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-530-19

Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez was a faithful and tireless advocate of civic
engagement. Marisol herself was afforded a public service internship that led to a
lifelong commitment to the ideals of enriching and empowering all people in her
community. Through this fellowship, Marisol will continue her legacy of service,
education and a selfless dedication to the betterment of her community.
The Marisol del Carmen Rodriguez Congressional Fellowship is a fully funded
fellowship program in Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia’s Washington, DC
office. It is a competitive program awarded to outstanding students with a
demonstrated interest in public service or public policy and strong ties to the 29th
Congressional District of Texas.
The fellow will gain hands-on office experience while learning about the
legislative process. They will work closely with staff conducting research,
drafting letters, and preparing for hearings. Other responsibilities will include
leading Capitol tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the
front office, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.
The position is available beginning in January 2020. To apply, send a resume and
cover letter to ellie.valega@mail.house.gov with the subject “Marisol Rodriguez
Congressional Fellowship”. In your cover letter please indicate expected start and
end dates, hours available to work, and if course credit is available for this
internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

Page 17 of 33

MEM-529-19

“The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate-level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for a
Spring 2020 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives.
Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings
(hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone inquiries and
providing support to all Committee staff. Background in science is a plus. To
apply, please send your resume and cover letter to
house.science.committee@mail.house.gov.”

MEM-528-19

Southern Democratic Member of Congress seeks both full-time and part-time
interns for their Spring 2020 paid internship in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, running errands,
drafting constituent correspondence, and other tasks as assigned.
Applicants should have excellent written and verbal communication skills, and
work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment. No drop-ins or phone
calls.
Please email nchousejobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Spring 2020 Internship Application” and attach a resume, writing sample, and include
information regarding your full-time or part-time availability.
The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply.

MEM-527-19

The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, unpaid Spring
2020 interns for our Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include
drafting memos and constituent letters, assisting legislative staff with research,
answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting
constituents, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work
well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have
excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are
strongly preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates
are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Spring Intern” in the subject line by COB
Page 18 of 33

Friday, November 15, 2019. Please indicate expected start and end dates in your
cover letter. No phone calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-526-19

The Office of Congressman Anthony Brindisi (NY-22) is seeking candidates for
a full-time paid internship for the Spring 2020 Semester in our Washington,
D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to answering phones, conducting
legislative research and analysis, attending briefings/hearings, leading Capitol
tours, and managing the front office.
New York ties are preferred but not required. To apply, please send a resume,
cover letter, and a writing sample to Kevin.Porter@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Spring Internship Application”.

MEM-525-19

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship starting January
2020.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are
considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain
experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a
Congressional office.
Responsibilities will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos and
responses to letters from constituents, assisting constituents and visitors to the
office, and attending briefings and hearings. Congressman Hastings supports
students requesting credit for their internship through their school or university.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability to
internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with “Internship" in the subject line. No
phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-524-19

The office of Congressman Larry Bucshon (IN-08) is currently seeking applicants
for internships in the Congressman’s D.C. office for the spring of 2020. Duties
include drafting constituent correspondence, greeting constituents and answering
phones, performing legislative research, leading tours of the Capitol, attending
policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional tasks to
assist the Congressman’s staff.
We’re looking for college students or recent graduates who are motivated, detailorientated, and ready to work in a fast-paced setting. A positive attitude and an
interest in politics are a must. District 8 or Indiana ties are preferred but not
required. To apply for the position, please follow the directions outlined on the

Page 19 of 33

Congressman’s website here: https://bucshon.house.gov/constituentservices/internships.htm
MEM-523-19

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Ken Buck (CO-04) is currently
accepting internship applications for the Spring of 2020. Typical duties will
include answering phones, leading Capitol tours, researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering
constituent letters on a variety of issues. The ideal candidate for this paid
internship will be team-oriented and have strong written and verbal
communication skills.
Students and recent graduates interested in learning more about our country’s
legislative process are encouraged to apply. The Congressman sits on both the
Judiciary Committee and the Foreign Affairs Committee, making this an ideal
opportunity for those interested in law and/or foreign policy. Colorado ties are
preferred but not required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and a brief writing sample to
Zach Mendelovici at Zach.Mendelovici@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Spring 2020 Internship.”

MEM-522-19

The Majority Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks full or
part-time Legal Interns for an early to mid-January start date, running through
April 2020. Responsibilities may include conducting legislative research,
producing legal analyses on proposed climate and environmental policies,
attending briefings and hearings for staff, and other tasks as assigned or needed.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have
excellent writing and communications skills. An interest in environmental law is
strongly desired; this internship is geared towards those in 2L or 3L programs in
Washington, DC.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with
“Winter/Spring Legal Intern” in the subject line by November 15, 2019. Please
include your approximate dates of availability in the message, and how many
days per week you would be available. The office is an equal opportunity
employer, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins
please.

MEM-521-19

The Majority Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks full or
part-time Interns for an early to mid-January start date, running through April
2020. Responsibilities may include conducting administrative tasks for the
committee, attending briefings and hearings for staff, conducting research
projects, preparing and assembling materials for Committee hearings and events,
and other tasks as assigned or needed.

Page 20 of 33

The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have
excellent writing and communications skills. An interest in environmental,
climate change, or science policy is strongly desired and preferred.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with
“Winter/Spring Intern” in the subject line by November 15, 2019. Please include
your approximate dates of availability in the message, and how many days per
week you would be available.
The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-520-19

The Office of Congressman Doug Collins (GA-09) is looking for candidates for
an internship in his Washington, D.C. office. We are looking for highly qualified
candidates that are motivated, detail-oriented, personable, and have a passion for
public service. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing
abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents visiting the
office and on the phone.
Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn
about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities
include answering the phone, researching and preparing policy memos, giving
tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, supporting the
communications staff among many other projects.
Qualifications:
•Current student or recent graduate interested in politics and gaining legislative
experience
•Exhibits passion for politics, government, and/or any related policy areas
• Excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills
•Ability to multitask independently, learn quickly, and demonstrate sound
judgment
•Exhibits great attention to detail, punctuality, respect, and initiative
•Ability to work and contribute in a highly collaborative, team environment
Benefits:
•Working closely with the representative and Chief of Staff
•Observation of internal campaign operations and preparation for campaign and
political jobs
•Opportunity to bolster organizational and communication skills
•Attend special events, political meetings, and congressional hearings
•Meals and snacks will regularly be provided at events and activities
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Raymond
Sweney, at raymond.sweney@mail.house.gov

Page 21 of 33

MEM-518-19

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
Interns for the Washington, D.C. office starting at the end of December or early
January. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while
gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include
drafting constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee
hearings, performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, and
supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties and sense of humor are
a plus! Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “Winter 2020 Pocan Internship” in the
subject line.
For further information regarding the internship program, please see the
internship page on our website at: https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/.
We also highly encourage every applicant to apply to our scholarship program
after submitting an application. The application can be found here:
https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program.

MEM-517-19

“San Antonio-native and fighting Texas Aggie, Congressman Will Hurd serves as
the United States Representative for one of the largest non-state districts in the
nation. Texas-23 stretches from San Antonio to El Paso and encompasses 820
miles of border. Prior to Congress, Hurd served for nearly a decade as an
undercover CIA officer and helped start a cybersecurity company. The third-term
Congressman is known for his bipartisan work on national security, border
security, and cybersecurity.
An internship in the Washington, DC office encompasses a variety of tasks and
assignments such as answering phones, greeting visitors, giving Capitol tours,
writing letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be
assigned to work with the legislative team and outreach staff to assist with
legislation, special projects, writing, and/or research.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work
cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written
communications skills. Schedule is flexible and stipends may be available.
Texas ties preferred. Spanish speaking skills preferred, but not required.

Page 22 of 33

To apply for an internship, please email your resume and a brief cover letter to
Reilly.Knecht@mail.house.gov with “2019 Spring Internship” in the subject line.
In your email, please specify your dates of availability. “
MEM-515-19

Congressman Jim Himes (CT-04) has an immediate opening for our Fall 2019
internship program. Applicants should be dependable, team-oriented, and have a
strong desire to work for the residents of Connecticut’s 4th District. This position
is an exciting opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of how the legislative
process works. Congressional interns are expected to draft constituent
correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, prepare memoranda
and daily press clips, and lead Congressional tours.
Please apply by submitting your application materials through the internship page
on himes.house.gov. Please be sure to put Fall 2019 in the subject line when
applying. A need-based stipend may be available, and the schedule is flexible.

MEM-510-19

The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking Fall 2019 interns for our
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include answering phones,
managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting
legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work
well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have
excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are
preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are
encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall Intern” in the subject line. No phone calls
or walk-ins please.

MEM-509-19

The Republican Staff of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, the chief
investigative body of the House of Representatives, is seeking full- and part-time
interns for the remainder of the fall semester. Interns will have the opportunity to
work with the administrative, policy, and press teams, conducting research,
assisting during hearings and markups, and helping with other administrative
tasks as necessary.
This position is available immediately and would go through December, with the
potential for extending into the spring semester. Specific dates for this internship
will be determined on a case-by-case basis, and preference will be afforded to
those who are available at least 15 hours a week.
Applicants must be strong writers, organized, and detail-oriented, as they will
balance multiple, often disparate, projects corresponding with the broad
Page 23 of 33

jurisdiction of the Committee. The strongest candidates will also exhibit
discretion in working on confidential matters and be enthusiastic and
knowledgeable about the Committee’s work. Previous experience on Capitol Hill
is desired, but not required. The position is unpaid, but we are happy to work with
an applicant so they can receive class credit.
Interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
oversight.committee@mail.house.gov. Please place "INTERN" in the subject
line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-508-19

The Republican Staff of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, the chief
investigative body of the House of Representatives, is seeking full- and part-time
law clerks for the remainder of the fall semester. Law Clerks will have the
opportunity to work with the oversight and policy teams, conducting researching,
reviewing documents, and preparing for hearings and markups. Law clerks will
balance multiple, often disparate, projects corresponding with the broad
jurisdiction of the Committee.
This position is available immediately and would go through December, with the
potential for extending into the spring semester. Specific dates for this internship
will be determined on a case-by-case basis, and preference will be afforded to
those who are available at least 15 hours a week.
Applicants must be current law school students or recent graduates of law school
who are organized and detail-oriented. Strong writing and blue booking skills are
also necessary. The strongest candidates will also exhibit discretion in working
on confidential matters and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the
Committee’s work. This position is unpaid, but we are happy to work with an
applicant so they can receive class credit.
Interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
oversight.committee@mail.house.gov. Please place "LAW CLERK" in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-507-19

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks full or
part-time legislative and press interns for spring 2020. Responsibilities include
but are not limited to conducting legislative research, answering phones,
attending briefings and hearings for staff, compiling press clips, drafting content,
and other tasks depending on the needs of the Committee and the intern’s
interests.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills as
well as a desire to help veterans and learn about the House and legislative
process.

Page 24 of 33

Apply by submitting an application at
https://veterans.house.gov/contact/internship and sending a resume and cover
letter to veterans.internships@mail.house.gov. Applications are considered on a
rolling basis. Student veterans preferred, but not required.
This internship is unpaid, students receiving outside funding or school
sponsorship are preferred.
MEM-505-19

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking paid
interns with our DC office for the Spring 2020 session. The internship would
begin in January and last until early May. Our specific dates are tentative on the
release of the official House schedule.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge over the
day-to-day happenings within Congress. The internship is an ideal fit for any
student that is interested in politics, law or government – however, any interested
student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the legislative staff by
conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping with
administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
• Be a current undergraduate or graduate student, or have recently graduated
• Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy and/or public service
• Have strong communications and writing skills.
• Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
The deadline to apply for the Spring Session is Friday, November 15th. Interested
candidates should address their application materials to Collin Sabine at
Interns.NC03@gmail.com. Applications should include a cover letter, resume,
and what the individual’s internship schedule may look like.

MEM-504-19

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (D-WA) is seeking applicants for paid
full-time or part-time Fall 2019 internships in Washington, D.C. Responsibilities
include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of the Capitol,
drafting letters to constituents, attending briefings and hearings, and helping
conduct research for various projects.
Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills,
an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for the political
process and congressional operations. Pacific Northwest ties preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two references to
noelle.gasper@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2019 Internship” in the subject line.

Page 25 of 33

MEM-503-19

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Spring 2020 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties
are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
To apply, email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample,
and cover letter listing your availability to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-502-19

The Office of Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) seeks Press/Legislative interns for the
upcoming winter/spring 2020 term.
Press responsibilities will include building press lists, drafting social media posts
for the Member’s official social media pages (including Facebook, Twitter, and
Instagram), designing graphics, and creating short video clips as needed. The
intern will be an integral part of the communications team, generating engaging
content for the Member and supplying creative ideas throughout the week. Ideal
applicants will have a background in iMovie, the Adobe creative suite, and
TweetDeck.
Legislative responsibilities include researching legislation for both the Member
and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and drafting constituent
letters on the Member’s behalf.
This is a unique opportunity to gain both legislative and communications
experience in a fast-paced and high-volume congressional office.
All interns are paid $15.00 per hour for a maximum of 30 hours a week, and are
expected to work collaboratively with the staff to answer phones, greet
constituents, and guide tours of the U.S. Capitol Building. The Office of Rep. Ro
Khanna is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race,
ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send a resume, a short writing sample (no more than 2-pages),
sample tweets on a current event, a sample graphic (optional) and availability to
julia.albertson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-501-19

Congressman Dwight Evans (PA-03) is seeking highly motivated interns for the
Winter/Spring of 2020. Strong communication skills required. Must be
dependable and a team player.
Duties include answering constituent phone calls and inquiries, attending
congressional briefings and hearings, conducting research for legislative staff,
compiling press clips for the communications team, and leading Capitol tours.
Page 26 of 33

Interns will gain valuable professional experience and inside knowledge of the
legislative process on Capitol Hill.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Philadelphia
or Pennsylvania ties preferred but not required. Qualified candidates should send
a resume and cover letter to Matthew.Holcombe@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Spring 2020 Internship.”
MEM-500-19

The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a press intern to
assist with a fast-paced communications operation for Spring 2020 (starting at the
beginning of January 2020). This is a paid position. Qualified candidates will
have strong writing, editing, event planning, social media, graphic design, and
photography skills, and be able to work on tight deadlines. Selected candidates
will also be expected to perform standard administrative duties.
Intern responsibilities include:
* Social media content development
* Event photography
* Compiling press clips
* Clipping videos
* Creating graphics
* Drafting press releases
* Answering phones
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample,
and dates of availability to GwenMoorePress.Moore@mail.house.gov with
“Spring 2020 Press Internship” in the subject line. We also recommend, but do
not require, applicants submit 1-3 sample graphics.

MEM-499-19

The office of Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro is accepting applications for the
Spring 2020 internship program in the Washington, DC office. Applicants
should have an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, possess excellent
writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Intern responsibilities include supporting legislative and press staff, attending
hearings and briefings, answering constituent phone calls, leading US Capitol
tours, organizing constituent mail, greeting office visitors, and various ad hoc
projects. For application information, please visit
https://delauro.house.gov/services/internships. Please email your completed
application to Harper.White@mail.house.gov
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability or sexual orientation.

Page 27 of 33

MEM-497-19

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Spring of 2020. Qualified applicants should
possess strong communication skills, be interested in learning about the
legislative process, and have a willingness to work in our fast-paced office.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional
tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
intern.OH06@gmail.com.

MEM-496-19

“A Midwest Republican House Member is seeking paid interns for the Fall
2019/Spring 2020 session in his Capitol Hill office. The Spring session dates are
January 13th-May 15th, but more flexibility can be offered. The internship
schedule is also flexible to accommodate classes. Interns will have the
opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist
in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent
services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to the Midwest are
preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to
Dylan.Jones@mail.house.gov. Please specify what your internship schedule may
look like, including preferred start/end dates.”

MEM-494-19

Congressman Jodey Arrington (TX-19) is seeking highly motivated interns to
join his Washington D.C. team in January for a 4-5 month paid internship.
Candidates should be motivated, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal
team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are important.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings,
answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, and sorting
and distributing mail.
Full-time candidates with Texas ties and previous internship/work experience are
preferred. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
marisa.burleson@mail.house.gov

MEM-493-19

Republican Florida Office Searching for Paid Spring Interns.
Page 28 of 33

Florida ties preferred but not required. Full and Part Time Internships available.
TITLE: Intern
REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator/Supervisor
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor
Please submit applications to Carl.Schuler@mail.house.gov please include a
resume and writing sample.
MEM-492-19

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks
full-time, paid interns for the Spring semester. Interns are asked to work with
staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups and will work on
substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters.
Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including
tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
https://science.house.gov/contact/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-491-19

The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a highly
motivated full-time intern for Spring 2020 (starting at the beginning of January
2020). This is a paid internship. Qualified candidates will be dependable team
players, capable of excelling in a fast-paced office, and will possess strong
writing, editing, verbal communication, and organizational skills. Experience
Page 29 of 33

with research is a plus since there are opportunities to work with the legislative
staff on relevant issues.
This position’s responsibilities include serving as a primary contact with
constituents, greeting visitors, providing Capitol Tours, and assisting with
projects assigned from other staff members. These projects often include assisting
with data entry or drafting correspondence.
Interns will have the ability to attend Capitol Hill briefings, hearings, and other
informative events that are available. Interns will also have the opportunity to
gain professional and educational experience while learning more about Congress
and the legislative process. Wisconsin ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample,
and dates of availability to maryah.thompson@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2020
Internship” in the subject line.
MEM-490-19

Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Spring 2020 term from January to
May.
Primary intern responsibilities include answering phones, interacting with
residents of the district in person or over the phone, sorting mail, leading Capitol
building tours, reviewing legislative correspondence, and assisting staff with
administrative and research tasks. Interns will also have opportunities to conduct
legislative research and attend staff briefings, Congressional hearings, and press
events.
The ideal candidate has a positive attitude, disciplined work ethic, strong
attention to detail, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Ties to
Missouri are preferred but not required. Please note state ties in your cover letter
or email.
Those interested should send a resume and cover letter to
Zach.Wong@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship” in the subject line.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis until all spots are filled. Internship
time frame and hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate class/work
schedules.

MEM-489-19

The office of Congressman Ralph Norman (SC-05) is currently seeking
applications for the current fall and winter semester at our Washington, D.C.
office. Interns' responsibilities will vary.
Applicants must be motivated, professional, dependable and hold strong written
and verbal communication skills.

Page 30 of 33

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, corresponding
with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, attending Congressional hearings,
assisting the legislative staff, and participating in a legislative project. Successful
candidates will be mature, personable, detail-oriented, and self-starters.
The hours may be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but
generally run 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session. Internships are available for 6 weeks, 8 weeks, and
semester length.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and available start date to Kimberly
Hammond at Kimberly.hammond@mail.house.gov
MEM-488-19

The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking
undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for spring of 2020. Specifically
we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal interns and
fellows for the labor policy team, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the
health policy team and graduate and legal interns and fellows for the oversight
team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative
and media work.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact
checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting
staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other
hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and
Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may
include helping to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting
with the production of daily news clips.
Applicants who are applying for graduate internships or fellowships should be
able to demonstrate academic or professional exposure to the subject matter of
the team to which they are applying. Fellows must be participating in an
established fellowship program. Applicants should be able to start in January and
commit through April/May.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship
applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov and
indicate, in the subject line of the email, to which position they are applying.
Please also include ‘Spring 2020’ in the subject line. If you are applying for a
graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short, relevant writing
samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at
https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Applicants
should aim to submit their materials by November 1, 2019.

Page 31 of 33

The Committee on Education and Labor is a legislative office within the U.S.
House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over a broad array of
child welfare, education and labor policy areas, including early childhood
education, K-12 education, higher education, employer/employee relations,
worker safety, and employer provided health care. Representative Robert C.
“Bobby” Scott (D-VA) serves as Chairman.
MEM-486-19

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for internships in Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with
research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the
Communications Director with drafting talking points, creating graphics for
social media, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning in January
2020.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter.

MEM-485-19

Congresswoman Lauren Underwood (IL-14) is delighted to announce spring
internship opportunities in her Washington, DC and West Chicago, IL offices.
Internships are designed to offer students and recent graduates direct participation
in public service through supporting our offices' constituent engagement and
services, administrative responsibilities, and research.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, assist
with correspondence, coordinate and conduct tours, research legislation, assist
with constituent casework, and attend hearings and briefings on various issues.
Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, flexible, and possess the ability
to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Spring internships are available from January through mid-May, with start and
end dates tailored to accommodate an academic calendar year. Internship hours
run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. on weekdays. Please note that interns are
expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per week. A limited number of paid
positions are available for internship applicants who are not sponsored by outside
organizations.
Page 32 of 33

The deadline to apply, for the spring semester is October 31, 2019. Preference
will be given to applicants with ties to the Illinois 14th.
To learn more and apply, please click here.
(https://underwood.house.gov/services/internships/internship-form)
For questions about internships please call our office (202) 225-2976.
MEM-446-19

The Office of the Representative Linda Sánchez is currently accepting
applications for a full-time Spring internship. Ideal candidates will possess
excellent communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in
a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor.
Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering
phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and
constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various administrative tasks.
Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF to
DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with “CA-38 Spring Internship” in the
subject line. The application deadline is Friday, November 8th.

MEM-416-19

The Democratic Staff on the House Education and Labor Committee seeks a
health care intern/fellow. This position will work on the health team. Candidates
should have familiarity with health policy, including the Affordable Care Act.
Knowledge of other statutes and policies within the Committee’s jurisdiction and
how they impact health and human services policy is preferred. Prior Hill
experience or policy experience is also preferred.
Tasks will include supporting the development of legislation regarding health
policy, conducting issue and legislative research, and preparing written materials
and legislative analyses. Applicants should be available to start in September
2019 and commit through December 2019.
To apply, applicants must submit the internship applicant information form
(https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships/form), a resume and a short writing
sample. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates
of diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please email resume and writing sample to
E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov with "Health Policy Intern/Fellow" in
the subject line.

Page 33 of 33

