________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 30, 2020

MEM-299-20

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-21) D.C. office seeks remote interns for the
upcoming Spring 2021 semester.
This is a fully distanced internship that does not require being in the office, set to
begin in January 2021. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of
professionalism and maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a team player
with a positive attitude. This position demands the ability to multi-task, strong
organizational skills and working cooperatively and courteously with others in a
remote setting.
Duties include: compiling daily press clips relevant to the office’s priorities,
assisting with constituent correspondence, attending virtual briefings to take notes
for the legislative team, and providing assistance to the D.C. staff. Undergraduate
students and recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties a plus. Women
and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF file.
Cover letter should detail reasons for applying to the position. A stipend will be
provided to accepted applicants. Deadline to apply by is December 11th, 2020
COB. All materials must be submitted to Acree.Trivett@mail.house.gov
Page 1 of 9

MEM-297-20

The Office of the Representative Joseph Morelle is currently accepting
applications for a paid, remote internship. Interns will be asked to answer
phones, research legislation, attend virtual hearings and briefings, and draft
memoranda to the Congressman and legislative staff. As a result, interns learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention
to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of
humor. New York State ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a PDF format to
Elena.Bernstein@mail.house.gov with “NY-25 Spring Internship” in the subject
line. This is a rolling deadline, but students are encouraged to submit their
application early.
For more information on the DC and District internships, please
visit: https://morelleforms.house.gov/services/internships.htm

MEM-295-20

Congressman Adam Kinzinger (R-IL) is seeking interns for the Spring 2021
session in his Washington, D.C. office. The Spring session will take place from
January to May. Interns will have the opportunity to observe the inner workings
of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative
process.
Responsibilities include: leading Capitol tours, answering phones, processing
constituent mail, assisting staff with legislative projects, and performing other
general office duties.
Ideal candidates should have a strong work ethic, be energetic and engaging, and
possess a positive attitude. The internship schedule is flexible to accommodate
classes. Candidates with Illinois ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested
candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter
to internsIL16@gmail.com by Dec. 9, 2020. Please specify what your internship
schedule may look like and preferred start date.
Please note: The internship will be conducted in a hybrid setting with both inperson and virtual work days. Social distancing in accordance with DC public
health guidelines will be strongly encouraged and adhered to.

MEM-291-20

The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a virtual press
intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation for Spring 2021.

Page 2 of 9

This is a paid position. Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing,
event planning, social media, graphic design, and photography skills, and be able
to work on tight deadlines. Intern responsibilities include:
* Social media content development
* Compiling press clips
*Creating newsletters
* Clipping videos
* Creating graphics
* Drafting press releases
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample,
and dates of availability to GwenMoorePress.Moore@mail.house.gov with
“Spring 2021 Press Internship” in the subject line.
We also recommend that applicants submit 1-3 sample graphics. Women,
LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All applicants will
be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender
identity, disability, or age.
MEM-289-20

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, is seeking an energetic and
self-motivated student for a full-time internship for Spring 2021.
The position offers the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting
and fast-paced Subcommittee while participating directly in the oversight process
and learning about the day-to-day operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting staff in preparing for
congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research, drafting
memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with Executive Branch
and private sector officials. Interns play a key role in the office and will work
closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Background: The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to
investigate any matter at any time. The Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil
Liberties has jurisdiction over issues related to civil rights, civil liberties and the
equal protection of laws, including voting rights; freedom of religion, speech,
press, and assembly; equal employment; nondisclosure agreements; criminal
justice reform policies; and the Census Bureau.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an interest in public service and a desire
to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral

Page 3 of 9

communication skills. Law students preferred. Applicants should be available to
work full time.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a
cover letter and resume to Candyce.Phoenix@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2021
Internship Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-288-20

The Washington office of Congresswoman Val Demings seeks spring term
interns for her Washington, D.C. office.
Individual responsibilities will vary, but all interns will be asked to answer
phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings
and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues. Internship hours
are flexible, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session,
and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. This is a paid internship.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter with days of availability and a onepage writing sample to FL10.Internships@mail.house.gov. Please use “Internship
Application” in the subject line. Individuals selected for an interview will be
contacted. No phone calls or drop ins, please.

MEM-287-20

Republican Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is seeking paid, in-person
interns in his Washington, DC office for the Spring 2021 term.
Functioning as a key part of the staff, our interns help draft constituent
correspondence and press releases, research legislation, take phone calls, and
assist with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or
recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fastpaced setting.
The ideal candidate possesses strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. California ties are preferred, but not required and academic credit is
available for qualifying students.
Interested candidates should apply by emailing their cover letter and resume
to Haley.Slaybaugh@mail.house.gov by December 4th.

MEM-286-20

The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated,
personable and professional legislative intern for the Winter 2020 session.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing
skills, who pay close attention to detail. Maryland ties a plus. A stipend is
available.

Page 4 of 9

To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability
to employment@mail.house.gov. If you have further questions, please call the
Intern Coordinator at (202) 225-4016.
MEM-285-20

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Spring 2021.
Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, answer phones, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis,
and various other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required.
No phone calls, follow ups or drop ins, please.
Email FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov, with your resume, cover letter & a 1-2
page writing sample as a single PDF.

MEM-284-20

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a motivated
and reliable student to fill a full-time digital intern position in the spring.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation,
graphic design, manual photography, videography, website maintenance,
analytics and performing other press and administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, OBS Studio, as well as
compiling and interpreting social media analytics.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment and willingness to
learn is a must; sense of humor strongly encouraged. This position reports to the
communications director. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and portfolio
to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-283-20

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented student with a passion for
communications to fill a full-time press intern position in the spring.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task
in a fast-paced environment. Press intern responsibilities include, but are not
limited to, compiling press clips, maintaining press lists, and drafting press
releases. This position reports to the communications director and broader
communications team.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a
resume and cover letter to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

Page 5 of 9

MEM-282-20

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking virtual Winter interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned. Successful
candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working, detailoriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player. Nevada ties
are strongly preferred. Nevada residents will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Winter Intern” in the subject line.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-277-20

U.S. Congresswoman Katie Porter’s Office is seeking highly motivated
undergraduates and recent graduates for her DC office internship program for
the months of January-April.
Intern responsibilities will include both policy and administrative support. Interns
may sort and draft constituent correspondence, compile media clips, answer
phones, research legislation, assist legislative staff, or perform other
responsibilities based on the office’s needs and student’s interests.
Interns are expected to work from 9 am to 6 pm. Currently this is a remote
internship opportunity, but it may transition to an in-person internship. A monthly
stipend will be provided.
To apply for an internship, please:
Email a cover letter, resume, and two references
to CAFreshman.Internship@Mail.house.gov with "Winter Internship" in the
subject line.
Qualified candidates should be organized, detail-oriented, able to multitask, and
possess strong writing skills. Representative Porter’s office is an equal
opportunity employer and minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are
encouraged to apply. Applications will be accepted through December 4, 2020.

MEM-276-20

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is seeking full or part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written
and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include (but are not limited to): attending Congressional hearings
and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting
legislative staff with research.

Page 6 of 9

Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to ally.hibben@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Spring 2021
Internship.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-275-20

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy to
apply for its paid, full-time spring 2020 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
To apply, please visit : https://republicans-cha.house.gov/about/internshipapplication-old and submit your application by December 4th. Please send any
questions to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov

MEM-274-20

The Democratic office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology is
currently accepting applications for a full-time paid internship for Winter 2021.
This position will be a combination of telework and in-office work as safety and
logistics permit.
Interns will be given an opportunity to work on substantive projects under the
direction of Committee Staff while also serving a general administrative function.
Typical intern duties include working closely with staff to complete long-term or
short-term projects, preparing research memos on scientific topics, supporting
staff in the preparation of Committee hearing materials, and participating in
events related to the Committee’s jurisdiction.
Candidates should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, have a strong appreciation for situational awareness, be
able to multitask, and be adaptable to a fast-paced environment. An interest in
topics relevant to the committee’s jurisdiction is preferred.

Page 7 of 9

Interested applicants should apply at the following
link: https://science.house.gov/contact/internships
Please no drop-ins or phone calls.
MEM-273-20

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks fulltime legislative or press interns for spring 2021.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to conducting legislative research,
answering phones, attending briefings and hearings for staff, compiling press
clips, drafting content, and other tasks depending on the needs of the Committee
and the intern’s interests. Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written
communications skills as well as a desire to help veterans and learn about the
House and legislative process.
To apply, fill out the online form
at https://veterans.house.gov/contact/internship and submit a resume and cover
letter to veterans.internships@mail.house.gov. Internships are unpaid and remote
during the COVID-19 pandemic.

MEM-271-20

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the spring internship session. The
start date could be as early as Dec 1 (flexible depending on availability) with a
flexible end date. Internships are unpaid, but stipends can be discussed with a
supervisor after the internship begins.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to JeffVanDrewNJ@gmail.com. Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re
applying for a spring internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume],
[Full Name_Cover Letter].

MEM-266-20

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Government Operations, is seeking an energetic and selfmotivated graduate student for a full-time internship for Spring 2021.

Page 8 of 9

The position offers the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting
and fast-paced Subcommittee, while participating directly in the oversight
process and learning about the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting staff in preparing for
congressional hearings, writing floor speeches, conducting legal and factual
research, drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive Branch and private sector officials. Interns play a key role in the office
and will work closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Background: The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to
investigate any matter at any time. The Subcommittee on Government Operations
has jurisdiction over issues related to the federal civil service, whistleblower
protections, the U.S. Postal Service; government management and accounting
measures; the economy, efficiency, and management of government operations
and activities; government reorganization; intergovernmental affairs, including
state and local governments; federal information technology security, acquisition
policy, and management; and federal property.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Applicants should be willing to be in the office full time.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing their
resume and cover letter in one PDF titled “last name, first name, Spring 2021
GovOps” to Government.Operations@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2021
Internship Application” in the subject line.
No phone calls or drop-ins please. Only applicants who are selected for an
interview will receive a response.

Page 9 of 9

