________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 30, 2017

MEM-411-17

Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Washington,
D.C. team for a full-time, unpaid internship during spring 2018, for a duration of
three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and
writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hardworking intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more
complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous
internship and/or work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a one-page writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to
capuano.intern1@mail.house.gov.

MEM-410-17

In the Washington, DC office, internships run throughout the fall, spring or
summer semesters for college students. Although all internships in all offices are
unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. The hours are flexible to
Page 1 of 18

accommodate students' hectic course schedules but generally run 9:00 a.m. to
5:30 p.m.
In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They may be asked to
answer phones, run errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process
and the many other functions of a congressional office.
In the District Office, interns may be asked to do a variety of things, including
attending community events, constituent correspondence, and assisting with
communications. In addition, interns may be assigned to assist in various
constituent casework or work on District-based projects of importance.
Please apply here: https://raskin.house.gov/services/internships or email
julian.alcazar@mail.house.gov for more information.
MEM-408-17

The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate-level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for a
Winter 2018 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting
with phone inquiries and providing support to all Committee staff. Background in
science is a plus. To apply, please send your resume and cover letter to
house.science.committee@mail.house.gov.

MEM-407-17

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking a full-time, qualified
and energetic intern for December/January - April. The intern will work with
staff to prepare materials for committee meetings, conduct research projects for
memos, answer phones, and complete a variety of other administrative tasks.
Ideal candidates have excellent attention to detail, good writing skills, a strong
work ethic, and a strong interest in learning about or a working knowledge of
House floor procedures. Applicants must have a good attitude and be willing to
perform a variety of tasks. Previous hill internship experience is preferred but not
required. Interested candidates should submit a cover letter and resume to
RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov.
Equal opportunity employer. No calls or drop- ins please.

MEM-406-17

The Majority Staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for Spring 2018 Policy Interns. We are seeking dependable,
politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude and
Page 2 of 18

strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital
support by assisting staff in assignments that include but not limited to: compiling
daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school. The
deadline to apply is November 15th, 2017. Applicants should email their resume,
cover letter, one page writing sample and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. Please visit budget.house.gov for the application
and more information. Late and incomplete application packets will not be
considered. Paid internships are available to any student working full time and
not receiving course credit.
MEM-404-17

The office of Congressman Adam Kinzinger [IL-16] is seeking candidates for
full-time internships in his Washington, DC office. Interns will observe the inner
workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the
legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering
phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with legislative projects, and
attending briefings and hearings. While preference is given to applicants from
Illinois, I encourage all candidates with a strong work ethic and positive attitude
to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter (with potential state date) to
internsIL16@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-403-17

The Office of Congressman John R. Carter (TX-31) is currently accepting
applications for our spring semester internship program in Washington, D.C.
This is a full-time, unpaid position for college students of all majors.
Responsibilities include greeting constituents and guests, answering phone calls,
leading Capitol tours, assisting the legislative staff, and assisting in general office
duties. With this experience, interns can expect to gain a stronger, first-hand
understanding of Congress. Applicants must possess strong written and oral
communication skills, be able to work well in a team environment, and must have
a minimum 3.0 GPA. Candidates with strong Texas ties are preferred. Interested
candidates should submit their resume and cover letter to
CarterInformation@mail.house.gov.

MEM-402-17

The office of Congresswoman Martha McSally is seeking spring interns for the
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
conducting Capitol tours, corresponding with constituents, researching legislative
issues, attending committee hearings, and assisting the Member and staff with
data management.
Interns will be expected to work a minimum of 24 hours per week, with
preference given to candidates who can work full time. Ideal candidates are selfstarters with strong interpersonal skills, writing capabilities, and attention to
detail. Interested candidates should email resumes to AZ02Intern@gmail.com.
Page 3 of 18

MEM-401-17

The office of Congressman Jack Bergman (MI-01) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office for winter and spring sessions,
to start as early as November. Interns will be responsible for giving tours of the
Capitol, aiding in office administration, conducting research for staff, and
answering calls from the constituents of the unique First District of Michigan.
Candidates should have strong written and verbal communication skills, an
interest in public policy and the legislative process, and an acute attention to
detail. The position is unpaid, but opportunities for school credit are available.
Michigan ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should fill out
the application form available at bergman.house.gov.

MEM-400-17

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking candidates for
a full-time internship for the 2018 spring semester in her Washington, D.C.
office. Candidates should be highly motivated, detail oriented, and possess
communication and organization skills, while having a strong work ethic to
complete tasks on a deadline. Duties will include: answering phones, researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, giving Capitol Tours, assisting
the Communications staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House. To apply, please submit
your resume & cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.

MEM-399-17

California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the Winter 2017/ Spring
2018 internship session, to begin immediately. Interns will conduct legislative
research, compile press clips, assist with front office operations, help with
constituent relations, coordinate and conduct tours, and learn from staff about the
day-to-day operations of a congressional office. Ideal candidates will be
hardworking, creative, critical thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong
communications and writing skills are crucial. Northern California ties are
preferred, but not required. Please submit a cover letter, brief writing sample, and
resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov..

MEM-398-17

Representative Claudia Tenney (NY-22) seeks interns for the Spring Semester.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, sorting and distributing
mail, answering telephones, attending hearings and briefings, and any other office
tasks. Ideal candidates will be flexible, reliable, and have good oral and written
communication skills. College credit is available if necessary. Preference will be
given to New York natives; however, all are encouraged to apply. This internship
is unpaid. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
Joan.Stanton@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-396-17

Congresswoman Judy Chu (CA-27) is accepting applications for internship
positions available in her Washington D.C. office. Positions are available starting
immediately, and applications will be considered on a rolling basis, with priority
given to those received by November 3rd. This unpaid internship will provide
valuable hands-on experience in a Congressional office and a greater
Page 4 of 18

understanding of the legislative process. Responsibilities will include, but are not
limited to, attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol,
conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing tour and
flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and courteous
demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task, fastidious
attention to detail, and interest in the legislative and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent graduates seeking
Capitol Hill experience. All majors are encouraged to apply. California ties are
preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume, cover
letter, and a short writing sample to internapp.ca27@mail.house.gov with “CA-27
Internship” in the subject line.
MEM-394-17

Congressman Barton’s D.C. office is seeking full-time interns for the spring of
2018. While this position is unpaid, your time here will strengthen your
understanding of the legislative process and give you invaluable experience of the
operations necessary to be an effective member of a Congressional team. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, phone assistance, conducting tours
of the U.S. Capitol, researching federal legislation and assisting legislative staff
in various research projects. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend
legislative briefings, congressional hearings and receptions on Capitol Hill.
Candidates with a strong work ethic and great communication skills are
encouraged to apply. Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral
and written communication skills, be able to accomplish a variety of tasks and
pitch in where needed, and be responsible, dependable and eager to learn. Ties to
Texas are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their
resume and cover letter to caroline.waller@mail.house.gov.

MEM-393-17

Rep. Yvette D. Clarke (NY-09) is seeking an unpaid fall 2017 full-time or parttime health fellow available to start now. Fellows will gain firsthand knowledge
on a range of healthcare issues within the Energy and Commerce’s jurisdiction.
Responsibilities include aiding in preparation for hearings, research, writing and
editing and meeting with healthcare stakeholders. Successful candidates will be
dependable, organized and possess exceptionally strong written and verbal
communications skills.
Candidates must have or be in the process of obtaining a graduate degree in
Public Health, Health Policy or Health Administration. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender
identity, disability or age. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to
apply.
Please send your resume, a cover letter and a writing sample (5 pages max.) to:
ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.

Page 5 of 18

MEM-392-17

Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke (NY-09) seeks an unpaid press and digital
intern to assist a fast-paced communications operation. Qualified candidates
should have an interest in communications, strong computer skills, and good
writing and editing abilities.
Specific tasks include:
• Helping put together our monthly e-newsletter;
• Assisting with media monitoring and building press lists;
• Drafting press releases and related media materials;
• Developing social media content and graphics;
• Conducting research for communications and legislative staff; and
• Answering phones and writing constituent correspondence
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and minority candidates
are encouraged to apply.
Please send your resume, a cover letter and a writing sample (5 pages max.) to:
ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.

MEM-391-17

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking candidates for
a full-time internship for the 2018 spring semester in her Washington, D.C.
office. Candidates should be highly motivated, detail oriented, and possess
communication and organization skills, while having a strong work ethic to
complete tasks on a deadline. Duties will include: answering phones, researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, giving Capitol Tours, assisting
the Communications staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House. To apply, please submit
your resume & cover letter to faith.ammen@mail.house.gov.

MEM-390-17

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
seeking interns for the spring semester. Interns are asked to work with staff to
help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on substantive
research and oversight projects in addition to press matters. Furthermore, interns
will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as
answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-389-17

Vice Chairman of House Foreign Affairs Committee and House Armed Services
Committee Member seeking Military Affairs Intern.
The Office of Congressman Paul Cook (CA-District 8), Vice Chairman of House
Foreign Affairs Committee and member of House Armed Services Committee
Page 6 of 18

and House Natural Resources Committee, is pleased to announce vacancy for the
position of Intern to begin August 2017 or as soon as possible. This opportunity
will provide college level students and recent graduates hands on work with
legislation regarding foreign policy, international relations, military affairs, and
defense policy in a moderate Republican office. Interns will learn about the
intricacies of the legislative branch and how the House of Representatives
operates by attending hearings with the Congressman and preparing key research
and legislation that the Congressman will review, in addition to other tasks listed
below.
Responsibilities:
• Explore policy ideas and perform research projects
• Attend Congressional Hearings
• Work with staff on legislative research and drafting
• Answering telephones
• Lead constituent tours
• Other tasks as needed
Qualifications:
• Good oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work in a group or with constituents and remain professional
and courteous at all times
• Good organizational skills
• Responsible and dependable
• Eager to learn attitude
If you would like to apply for our internship program please contact our Intern
Coordinator, Bert Johnson, at Bert.Johnson@mail.house.gov with your Resume
and availability range.
MEM-388-17

Vice Chairman of House Foreign Affairs Committee seeking Foreign Affairs
Intern
The Office of Congressman Paul Cook (CA-District 8), Vice Chairman of House
Foreign Affairs Committee and member of House Armed Services Committee
and House Natural Resources Committee, is pleased to announce vacancy for the
position of Intern to begin August 2017 or as soon as possible. This opportunity
will provide college level students and recent graduates hands on work with
legislation regarding foreign policy, international relations, military affairs, and
defense policy in a moderate Republican office. Interns will learn about the
intricacies of the legislative branch and how the House of Representatives
operates by attending hearings with the Congressman and preparing key research
and legislation that the Congressman will review, in addition to other tasks listed
below.
Responsibilities:
Page 7 of 18

•
•
•
•
•
•

Explore policy ideas and perform research projects
Attend Congressional Hearings
Work with staff on legislative research and drafting
Answering telephones
Lead constituent tours
Other tasks as needed

Qualifications:
• Good oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work in a group or with constituents and remain professional
and courteous at all times
• Good organizational skills
• Responsible and dependable
• Eager to learn attitude
If you would like to apply for our internship program please contact our Intern
Coordinator, Bert Johnson, at Bert.Johnson@mail.house.gov with your Resume
and availability range.
MEM-386-17

U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ) seeks spring semester interns for his
Washington, DC office. This internship term runs from January through May.
Duties include sorting and processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone
calls, attending briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues, leading
tours of the Capitol, and drafting constituent correspondence. This internship is
unpaid. Ties to New Jersey are strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the
Ways and Means Committee and as the Ranking Member on the Ways and
Means Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to work in a
veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested applicants should
send a resume and cover letter to Christopher Hadad
(Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).

MEM-385-17

The Office of Congressman David Price is currently accepting applications for
our spring internship program running from January 2017 through the beginning
of May. This position requires greeting guests and constituents, answering phone
calls, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, writing legislative memos, and assisting in general day to
day activities. While unpaid, this position ensures a wonderful work environment
and will strengthen your understanding of Congress and Washington.
The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of
major. Qualified candidates will be hard working, possess strong written and oral
skills, and have the ability to work in a professional environment. Interested
candidates should submit their application here: https://price.house.gov/kidsstudents/internships Should you have any questions, please reach out to our office
via email at nc04.intern@mail.house.gov.
Page 8 of 18

MEM-384-17

Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with
legislative, policy and administrative support. The individual is required to
demonstrate exceptional research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Performs legislative and policy research.
• Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups
by:
o Researching background on witnesses and hearing topics.
o Finalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff.
o Delivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
• Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee.
• Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
o Answering Phones
o General office tidiness and maintenance
• Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and
policy negotiations, discussions and other activities.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least a sophomore in college. Coursework and experience in Political
Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related field is
preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written communication
skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines. Must be familiar
with Microsoft Office.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
elise.phillips@mail.house.gov.

MEM-383-17

The Washington, DC office of Congressman McKinley (WV-01) is seeking a
motivated, flexible, and reliable intern to fill fall and spring positions. Ideal
candidates will be in their undergraduate or graduate careers Successful
candidates will possess strong written and oral communication skills,
organization, an ability to multi-task, resilience in a fast paced environment, and
an interest in learning about the political process. West Virginia ties are
preferable.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent calls, emails, sorting mail,
helping with legislative projects, processing flag and tour requests, composing
and editing letters, and other projects. We are looking for both legislative and
communications interns. Please specify your preference in your email.
This is an unpaid position, however networking opportunities, resume and skill
building, as well as experience all make this a worthwhile position.

Page 9 of 18

This is a rolling position, flexible to meet your availability and start dates. It’s
ideal for a local or state student or a recent graduate looking to gain some traction
in Washington, DC and in politics, energy, labor, and other areas.
If interested, please contact my DC office at 202-225-4172 or my staff assistant at
Eleanor.weaver@mail.house.gov. Please send a resume and a brief email cover
letter about why you are an appropriate candidate.
MEM-381-17

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking unpaid legislative interns for
the Spring Semester. Qualified candidates have academic or professional
experience in American politics, can work on extremely short deadlines, and
excel at most or all of the following: writing, editing, and event support.
Intern duties will include assisting with administrative and legislative tasks,
answering phones, processing mail, providing capitol tours, and attending
briefings. Preference will be given to residents of the 20th district and Upstate
New Yorkers. Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page
writing sample, and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with
“Fall Internship” in the subject field.

MEM-380-17

The Office of Rep. Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking an unpaid press intern to
assist with fast-paced communications operation for Spring 2018. Qualified
candidates have academic or professional experience in American politics, can
work on extremely short deadlines, and excel at most or all of the following:
writing, editing, event support, social media (esp. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram)
and photography.
Intern duties may include:
-

Daily press clips
Answering phones
Drafting documents for distribution to media
Messaging & interview prep documents
Social media content development
Event photography
…and more!

Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample
and dates of availability to katie.greenberg@mail.house.gov with “Press
Internship” in the subject field.
MEM-379-17

The Democratic Office of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
seeks college-students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience
in a fast-paced office for a full-time, unpaid internship. Successful candidates
will be professional, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure. Primary
responsibilities include supporting the Committee’s operations, managing mail
and manning the front desk, as well as assisting with Committee hearings. Interns
Page 10 of 18

may also be asked to assist with investigative research or other projects as
needed. Applications are currently being accepted for Winter and Spring interns.
To apply please send your cover letter, resume and 2-3-page writing sample to
oversight.democrats@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Internship.”
MEM-378-17

The Majority House Committee on the Budget is now accepting applications for
spring 2018 internships.
As an intern with the House Budget Committee, you will provide vital support by
assisting Committee staff in assignments that include, but are not limited to:
compiling the daily Budget News Clips, sorting and processing mail, answering
the phones, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special
projects.
Full and part-time positions are available to students currently enrolled in school
or recent graduates. College students pursuing a Political Science and/or
Economics major, or those interested in government, are encouraged to apply.
Internships during the school year last a full semester. Course credit may be
available through your school. Paid internships are available for interns who are
not receiving course credit through their university.
Please complete and return the application, along with your resume, cover letter,
and a one page writing sample in a single PDF document to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. The link to download the application is located
at https://budget.house.gov/about/internships/.

MEM-377-17

Rep. Chuck Fleischmann (TN-03) is taking applications for Spring 2017 interns
in his Washington, D.C. office. Interns assist the Staff Assistant with daily
operations, including greeting constituents, answering telephones, and giving
Capitol tours. Interns will also assist legislative and press staff with special
projects related to constituent mail, research, and media outreach. The internship
is unpaid. For more information or to apply, please visit
http://fleischmann.house.gov/services/internships
<http://fleischmann.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-375-17

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be professional,
quick learners, and phenomenal team players, and should be able to begin in
January 2018. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative,
and press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings
and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol,
assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag
requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity to
Page 11 of 18

learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office and
to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in Congressman
Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an unparalleled knowledge
and understanding of the development of public policy. Full-time candidates with
California ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to
apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-374-17

The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for
unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Spring 2018. The internship will
offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative
process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors,
sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading
tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our
internship program begins in January until the end of May. First priority will be
given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter, a
short writing sample (1-2 pages) and work availability with the subject line “D.C
Spring 2018 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus, but
are not required.

MEM-373-17

Congressman Ruben Kihuen (NV-04) is seeking full- or part-time unpaid interns
in his Washington, D.C. office to start immediately. Applicants must be available
from mid-November 2017 to mid-January 2018. Interns will work in a fast-paced
congressional office and gain valuable exposure to the legislative process. Duties
include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending
briefings, compiling daily news clips, drafting constituent correspondence, and
providing research assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will
possess a positive attitude, excellent written and oral communication skills, and
be able to work independently and within a team. Interested applicants should
send their resume to NV04.Internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-372-17

Senior Republican Appropriator is seeking full and part-time interns for the
winter in our DC office. Interns engage in a variety of tasks, and their
responsibilities are assigned based on interests, capabilities, and the needs of the
office. Interns will have the opportunity to hone their legislative research and
writing skills and work on projects with senior legislative staff; attend hearings
and briefings on Capitol Hill; assist with media/communications tasks and gain
proficiency in IQ; and participate in our office’s top priority, constituent
outreach, by leading tours, greeting visitors, and answering phones. Exceptional
interns in the past have received opportunities to write constituent letters and
contribute to constituent and staff meetings on and around Capitol Hill with
various VIPs. If you are interested in applying for one of the most robust
internship programs on the Hill, please submit a cover letter including the reason
Page 12 of 18

you would like an internship in our office, your résumé, two writing samples, and
references to NE01internships@gmail.com.
MEM-371-17

The office of Congressman Bill Shuster (PA-09) is currently accepting
applications for spring interns. Candidates should be a self-motivated, team
player that is ready to work in a fast-paced environment. Duties include, but are
not limited to: opening mail, answering phones, constituent correspondence,
attending briefings, assisting with legislative research, and providing aid to staffmembers with various projects. The ideal candidate will be a hard-working, detail
oriented professional with strong oral and written communication skills.
Pennsylvania and district ties are preferred, but not required. Although this
position is unpaid, we will work with the student to fulfill requirements for school
credit programs. Interested candidates should email PA09jobs@gmail.com with a
resume and a cover letter.

MEM-369-17

The office of Representative Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) seeks full-time interns in
his Washington, DC office for the 2017 Winter session, starting as early as
November 28th. Ideal candidates possess strong written and verbal
communication skills, organizational skills, an attention to detail, and a positive
attitude. Main responsibilities include overseeing tour and flag requests, giving
tours, attending briefings, helping with graphic design, processing mail and
letters, assisting with constituent correspondence, and helping with other office
duties. California ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should
send a cover letter and resume to Courtney.bradway@mail.house.gov.

MEM-366-17

The Office of Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (NE-01) is accepting applications
for a motivated and hardworking Capitol Hill intern in our Washington, DC
office. The internship is full-time and unpaid with room for growth.
Interns are responsible for politely greeting front office guests, professionally
answering calls, enthusiastically leading Capitol Tours for Nebraskans, assisting
the scheduler and staff assistants with administrative office duties, and assisting
the communications team with special projects. Ideal candidates will have a
strong work ethic and thrive in fast-paced environments. Ideal candidates will
have strong attention to detail, strong writing abilities, and enthusiasm for the
political process and congressional operations.
Interested applicants should send a resume with references and writing samples, a
cover letter addressed to the Congressman detailing why you want to work for
him, and the ideal start and end date with the subject line “Fortenberry
Internship” to Diana.Shin@mail.house.gov. Nebraska ties strongly preferred.

MEM-363-17

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Spring 2018 semester in Washington DC. Intern
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
Page 13 of 18

various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to
the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should
send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject
line “Spring 2018 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.
MEM-362-17

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internships.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are
considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain
experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a
Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting
constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and
hearings. Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their
internship through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter,
writing sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov
with "2017 Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be
accepted.

MEM-361-17

Democratic Member of Congress seeks applicants for full or part-time unpaid
congressional interns for Fall 2017 and Spring 2018. Duties will include
conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties,
and administrative tasks. Interns will have the opportunity to attending meetings,
hearings, and briefings to remain informed about current legislative
issues. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. New
York and Brooklyn ties are ideal. Please send your resume and cover letter to
ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.

MEM-360-17

The House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific
is seeking candidates for an internship with the Republican majority.
Undergraduates, graduate, and recent graduates with a demonstrated interest in
U.S. policy towards the Asia-Pacific will be considered. The internship will be
full-time.
The Subcommittee intern is expected to be motivated and entrepreneurial, a
strong writer and communicator, detail oriented, and able to produce high quality
work products under time constraints. Daily duties will include, but are not
limited to, conducting background research, database maintenance, fact checking,
content editing, and proofreading. The intern will also assist with the preparation
and execution of subcommittee hearings, which will include conducting research

Page 14 of 18

and analysis, organizing documents for staff and members, and assisting staff in
the hearing room.
Proactive interns will be able to take advantage of this opportunity to enhance
their knowledge of Asia policy and professional life on Capitol Hill by
participation in hearings, briefings, and meetings, as well as other opportunities.
Interns are expected to demonstrate a high level of professionalism and
reliability. All internships are uncompensated, but staffs are happy to support
interns seeking class credit for their work.
Information about the subcommittee’s membership and recent activities can be
found at http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/subcommittees/asia-and-pacific.
Interested candidates should send a resume and a cover letter explaining their
interest in the subcommittee’s work, qualifications for the position, and hours of
availability to hfac.asia.internship@gmail.com.
Compensation: Unpaid
Citizenship: U.S. Citizenship is required
MEM-359-17

The Office of Congressman Tom MacArthur (NJ-03) is currently seeking full or
part-time spring interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should
possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include:
assisting in constituent services, attending Congressional hearings and briefings,
leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative
staff with research. New Jersey ties are preferred, but not required. Interested
candidates should complete the application at https://macarthur.house.gov/. No
phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-357-17

Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking
motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions for the immediately. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates
should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be
willing to work both independently as well as part of a team
environment. Louisiana/Southern ties are a plus but not required. If you are a
student we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for
academic credit. Please send a résumé and cover letter in PDF form to
LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-356-17

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04) seeks highly
motivated full or part-time intern for Fall 2017, available to start in October.
Page 15 of 18

Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented,
and professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will:
answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the
US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative
research. Internships are unpaid, but arrangements may be made to earn academic
credit. Interns will also participate in professional development activities within
the office.
Please send a resume, cover letter, three professional references and a brief
writing sample to OR04.InternCoordinator@mail.house.gov. Candidates with
Oregon ties are strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-350-17

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns to fill Fall and Spring
positions. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral
communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fastpaced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and
congressional affairs. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, attending briefings, conducting
legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as
necessary. California ties are a plus.
Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
Robert.Clark@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-347-17

The Office of Congressman Tom O’Halleran (D-AZ) is seeking interns to join
his Washington, D.C. office for the spring 2018 semester.
Interns will have the opportunity to actively follow the legislative process by
attending hearings and briefings, and conducting legislative research on behalf of
the legislative team. They will work alongside a robust legislative staff to provide
constituent services by drafting constituent correspondence, composing memos,
answering phone calls and inputting constituent mail. Interns are encouraged to
explore their legislative interests and capitalize on the numerous unique
opportunities available on the Hill.
Intern Responsibilities include:
• Legislative research
• Attending hearings and briefings
• Inputting and organizing constituent communication
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Guiding tours of the Capitol
• Answering phones and general office duties
Page 16 of 18

Qualified candidates will process a strong interest in policy or communications.
They will be self-starters with robust writing and oral skills, as well as a friendly
demeanor. Internships can be full or part time, with the opportunity to earn
academic credit. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter
indicating availability to Maggie.oleary@mail.house.gov. Spring semester
candidates should submit their applications by November 1st, 2017.
MEM-341-17

The office of Congressman Walter B. Jones (NC-03) is currently seeking
applicants for an internship in either his Washington, D.C. or Greenville, N.C.
office for the Spring 2017 term. Interns in the Washington office help draft
constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, and
function as a key part of the staff. Interns also assist with answering phone calls,
providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the mail that the office receives. In
the state office, interns will interact with constituents, work with federal agencies,
and participate in outreach projects in order to resolve problems facing the people
of Eastern North Carolina, as well as assist the staff with various administrative
tasks. We’re looking for college students or recent graduates who are motivated,
detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fast paced setting. The ideal candidate
possesses strong organizational, communication, and writing skills, as well as the
ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure in a team
environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a must. Although the
internship is unpaid, you will gain valuable professional experience and an inside
look at the lawmaking process on Capitol Hill. Academic credit is available for
qualifying students. North Carolina and/or military ties are preferred, but not
required. Interested candidates should apply at www.jones.house.gov by
November 1st, 2017.

MEM-325-17

The office of Congressman Buchanan is seeking full time interns for an
immediate start as well.
Potential candidates should possess the following
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn
Please email your resume and available start date to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.
About our program:
Our internship program offers interns a chance to learn and work on the hill and
see how the highest levels of government work. Interns will assist staff with daily
office functions, constituent mail and phone calls, and also take on projects for
the legislative staff. Interns will also work on a policy proposal under the
guidance of staff and will deliver their policy proposal to staff at the end of their
internship. Interns will also have the chance to attend briefings independently and
Page 17 of 18

on the behalf of staff. At the end of the internship, interns will have a firm
understanding of how Capitol Hill works, a bespoke policy proposal, and full
understanding of how the legislative process works.
MEM-268-17

Congressman John Conyers, Jr. (MI-13), Dean of the House of Representatives,
Ranking Member on House Judiciary Committee, and longtime advocate for Dr.
Martin Luther King, Jr.’s vision of “Jobs, Justice, and Peace,” seeks full-time or
part-time unpaid interns/fellows with interest and/or background in
macroeconomic policy, in particular a focus on promoting a full employment
economy (see goo.gl/QP5xLV); AND/OR interest and/or background in
international relations and a deep commitment to promoting de-escalation of
conflict abroad through diplomatic engagement. While absolutely not required,
grassroots advocacy experience, web design skills, foreign language skills
(particularly Spanish, Haitian Creole, Portuguese, Arabic, Russian, or Korean),
and/or graduate degrees in a relevant field are preferred. The position will
include significant research, writing, event planning, and creative thinking to
advance Congressman Conyers’ agenda. This is a policy-oriented position -administrative tasks will be kept to a minimum. To apply, send a resume and
brief cover letter (and, if possible, a brief writing sample on a relevant topic),
highlighting your passion, relevant experience, and potential work availability to
JobsJusticePeace2017@gmail.com. Women, minorities, immigrants, individuals
with disabilities, individuals from economically disadvantaged backgrounds, and
veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. If you are not sure whether you are
qualified, but are interested, please do not hesitate to apply.

Page 18 of 18

