________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 27, 2014
MEM-349-14

The Office of Congressman Reid Ribble is seeking qualified candidates
to intern full time in our Washington, D.C. office starting in January
2015. We are interested in candidates of all academic disciplines.
Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office
administration, legislative research, constituent correspondence, and
other duties as assigned. Administration will include daily tasks such as
welcoming guests, being aware of the Congressman’s and staff’s
schedules, answering phones, constituent tours, mail administration,
and other duties. Legislative research and constituent correspondence
will include being aware of current and pending legislation, researching
legislation for constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and
other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills,
strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work
independently, and the drive to take the initiative in a fast-paced
environment.
Page 1 of 12

If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send resume,
writing samples, and references to jeffrey.kuckuck@mail.house.gov.
MEM-344-14

Ohio Republican seeks full time hard working intern for immediate
hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone
calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours,
attending various briefings, providing research for the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong
communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working
environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative
process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly
preferred.

MEM-343-14

The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is
currently accepting applications for the SPRING 2015. Intern
responsibilities include researching legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, answering phones,
day to day office duties, and answering constituent letters on various
issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM
– 5:30 PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when
not in session. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover
letter to MeehanDCIntern@gmail.com. The deadline to apply is
November 7, 2014. Ties to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District
are preferred, but not required.

MEM-342-14

The office of Congressman Keith Ellison seeks unpaid interns to fill a
position for November 17 through February 17, 2014. Main
responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and
attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities
to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be selfmotivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good
understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Minnesota ties strongly preferred. If
interested, please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
zach.freed@mail.house.gov.

MEM-341-14

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Tim Bishop is currently
seeking interns available to begin at the end of October 2014. Interns
should be comfortable answering office phones, greeting office visitors,
Page 2 of 12

giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, assisting the legislative staff with
research, sorting mail, taking notes at hearings and briefings, as well as
assisting with general office work. Strong writing and interpersonal
skills are necessary. Applicants should be hard working, intelligent, and
enthusiastic with an interest in politics, history and government. Long
Island or New York ties are a plus, but not required. Those interested
should send a resume to ny01.internapplications@gmail.com. College
students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply. Please note this
is an unpaid position. The office of Congressman Tim Bishop is happy
to work with colleges and universities for credit.
MEM-339-14

Congressman Jerry McNerney (CA-09) is currently accepting
applications for Fall/Winter internship positions in his Washington
D.C. office. This unpaid internship will provide valuable hands-on
experience in a Congressional office and a greater understanding of the
legislative process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol,
conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and
processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a
professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills,
the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the
legislative and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. All majors are encouraged
to apply. Ties to California’s Ninth Congressional District are
preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume
and cover letter to nick.sullivan@mail.house.gov with “CA-09
Internship” in the subject line. Include dates of availability.

MEM-338-14

The Office of Representative Kevin Brady (TX-08) is currently seeking
a paid full-time intern (part-time also possible- but may not be paid)
for our Washington, D.C. office. Qualified candidates are well
organized, with good oral and written communication skills, and
possess a strong interest in learning about the political process and
congressional affairs. Duties include but are not limited to, answering
phones, compiling briefing binders, batching mail, performing
legislative research, and attending briefings. Interns interact heavily
with constituents so a positive attitude is a must. Applicants must be
detail oriented with a strong work ethic and an eagerness to represent
the 8th district of Texas. Previous Hill experience not required.
Interested Candidates should send a resume and cover letter to:
TX08intern@gmail.com.

MEM-337-14

Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-3) is currently seeking interns
in his Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2015 (January-May). Interns
Page 3 of 12

perform a variety of responsibilities, including answering phones,
receiving guests, and providing tours of the Capitol Building. They will
also research legislation for the legislative staff, attend hearings and
briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the
House. Interns should possess strong research, writing, analytical, and
interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates should express an interest in
politics and conservative values. All internships are unpaid. However,
if your college or university offers credit hours we are happy to
complete any necessary evaluations. Interested candidates should
contact Claire Trokey and email their resume and cover letter to:
claire.trokey@mail.house.gov.
MEM-336-14

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level
students as well as recent graduates with an interest in government and
public policy to apply for its Fall 2014 internship. Working closely
with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain firsthand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee
and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House
of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff
with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight,
member services, and other projects as well as providing general front
office support. Please note that this is not a paid internship. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available hours to
CHADem.Intern@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA
Dem Internship.”

MEM-335-14

Moderate Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full or parttime unpaid congressional internship for Fall 2014. Duties will include
conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front
office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates
must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. San Diego
residents or strong ties to California are preferred. Please send a
resume, cover letter and writing sample to
CA52.internships@gmail.com with “Fall Congressional Internship” in
the subject line.

MEM-334-14

Conservative Fall & Spring Internship. The office of Representative
Stephen Fincher (TN-08) is looking for motivated interns for the 2014
Fall and 2015 Spring semesters in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern
responsibilities include assisting the staff with general office duties,
attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, sorting mail,
giving Capitol tours, and performing various other tasks based on
ability and interests. Applicants must possess strong communication
skills, have a positive attitude and be well-organized. Internship may be
full-time or part-time to fit applicant's schedule. Interested candidates
Page 4 of 12

should send a cover letter and résumé to TN08.Intern@mail.house.gov.
Tennessee ties preferred, but not required.
MEM-333-14

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated
intern to join his Washington, DC office from November through
February. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners,
and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication
skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include
assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and
meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US
Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and
managing tour and flag requests. Full-time candidates with California
ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged
to apply. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover
letter and dates of availability to
Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-330-14

The DC office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from
Washington’s 6th district, is looking for personable, diligent full-time
or part-time interns to start for the late fall session (beginning in late
October, flexible end-date). This is an opportunity to learn about the
inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced
work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and
interesting events related to a wide range of important issues.
Responsibilities include assisting with constituent correspondence,
producing daily press clips, and leading tours of the Capitol. This is a
unique opportunity and prime for students or recent grads who are
interested in learning about the legislative process or may eventually
want to work for the federal government.
To apply, please send a resume, contact information for two references,
and a cover letter outlining your interest in the position to
nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com and expect a response within
a week. Those with Washington state ties strongly encouraged to apply.
We look forward to hearing from you!

MEM-329-14

The office of Congressman Mike Rogers (MI-08) is seeking qualified
candidates to intern for his Washington, DC office starting
immediately (October thru November). Duties include but are not
limited to: legislative research, answering phones, opening and sorting
mail, leading tours of the Capitol building, attending committee
hearings and assisting the rest of the staff with day-to-day
responsibilities. This internship is a unique opportunity for individuals
to gain first-hand experience of the legislative process while working in
a dynamic office environment. The position is unpaid and is subject to
Page 5 of 12

flexible scheduling. Michigan ties are a plus but are not required.
Resumes should be submitted to kyle.bevers@mail.house.gov
MEM-328-14

A Conservative Republican from Florida is currently seeking un-paid
interns for this Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include,
but not limited to, handling constituent phone calls, composing
correspondence, conducting capitol tours, and attending congressional
hearings and briefings. Candidates should be professional, organized,
and eager to learn. Florida ties are preferred, but all applicants are
encouraged to apply. Please email your cover letter, resume, and
availability to FL11internship@gmail.com

MEM-327-14

House Democratic congressional office seeks part-time and full-time
interns for the fall 2014 semester. Ideal candidates will be good writers
with strong interpersonal skills and an interest in policy issues of all
kinds. Florida ties preferred but not required. This office strives to
provide students with exposure to substantive duties like drafting
legislative correspondence and covering hearings and briefings for
staff, as well as administrative tasks like answering phones and sorting
mail. Applications must be submitted to
internshipsincongress@outlook.com. A cover letter, which will be
used as a writing sample, should be included in the body of your email
with a resume separately attached.

MEM-326-14

The Republican office of the Committee on House Administration
seeks energetic and self-motivated individuals with an interest in
government and public policy, to apply for its full-time Fall 2014
internship program. Working closely with Committee staff, interns
will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the innerworkings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day
administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Interns are
responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings
(hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone inquiries,
and providing support to all Committee staff. This is a paid internship.
To apply, please send a cover letter and one page resume to
CHARep.Intern@mail.house.gov.

MEM-324-14

Congressman Emanuel Cleaver, II (MO-05) seeks a responsible,
focused, self-motivated, enthusiastic, and organized Intern. Positions
are available to start immediately. Although internships are unpaid
positions, interns are treated as full participants in the Congressional
office. Duties will include, but are not limited to: answering phones,
processing mail, researching issues, drafting correspondence, attending
hearings and briefings, and maintaining a professional atmosphere.
Strong writing and effective communication skills, as well as the ability
to multi-task, are necessary. Current students are especially encouraged
Page 6 of 12

to apply. If you are interested, e-mail a cover letter, resume, and short
writing sample to Parker Low at Parker.Low@mail.house.gov.
MEM-323-14

Republican Congressman seeking paid interns to start immediately.
Main responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail,
guiding Capitol tours, and assisting the legislative staff by drafting
constituent correspondence letters and researching legislative issues.
There will be opportunities to attend meetings and hearings as needed,
as well as receptions and seminars that interest you. Qualified
candidates must be highly motivated self-starters who are detail
oriented and have excellent organization and communication skills.
This is a paid internship starting immediately with flexible starting and
ending dates. California ties are a plus, but not required. Please send
inquiries with resume and cover letter attached to
cagopintern@gmail.com.

MEM-322-14

Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid
interns to fill positions for January through May 2015. Main
responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and
attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities
to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be selfmotivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good
understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred. Please email your cover letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at
samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-317-14

The office of Congressman Keith Ellison seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for August through December 2014. Main responsibilities
include answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and attending
meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities to attend
receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be selfmotivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good
understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Minnesota ties strongly preferred. If
interested, please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
zach.freed@mail.house.gov

MEM-316-14

U.S. Congressman Marc Veasey’s (D-TX) Washington, D.C. press
office seeks self-motivated, detail-oriented and highly energetic press
intern for fall semester 2014. This is a perfect opportunity for talented
students who want to get involved in the communications arena,
political arena or both!
Duties include assisting with daily news clips, writing and research,
Page 7 of 12

issue tracking, drafting media releases and other communications
materials, maintaining press contact lists, special event support,
creating social media content, assisting with digital communications
and social networking operations, press events and website content
management.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office as well as familiarity with digital and
social media preferred. A background in journalism or communications
and special skills such as photography, video editing and graphic
design a plus, but not required. Undergraduate and graduate students, as
well as recent graduates, are encouraged to apply.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, two references and a
short writing sample to: Jessica.Coscia@mail.house.gov
MEM-315-14

Paid Fall Internship: The Washington, D.C. office of a California
Republican is currently seeking paid interns. Main responsibilities
include answering phones, processing mail, guiding Capitol tours, and
assisting the legislative staff by drafting constituent correspondence
letters and researching legislative issues. There will also be
opportunities to attend meetings, briefings, and hearings as needed.
Qualified candidates must be highly motivated self-starters who are
detail oriented and have excellent organizational and communication
skills. This is a paid fall internship starting immediately. California ties
are preferred, but not required. Please send inquiries with resume, cover
letter, and two one-page writing samples attached to
ca.intern2013@gmail.com

MEM-314-14

Florida Democrat seeks interns for Washington, D.C. office available
to start immediately. Candidates should be proactive, and possess
superior written and oral communication skills.
This internship will provide exposure to all areas of a legislative
office. Interns will be responsible for assisting the team with phones,
mail, tours, flag-requests, and related front office duties. Additional
tasks, including drafting constituent correspondence, conducting
legislative research, and attending hearings may be assigned as needed.
This is a great opportunity for individuals who are interested in learning
about the inner-workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process in a
busy office.
To apply, please send an e-mail to
DCInternship.Grayson@mail.house.gov with your cover letter,
résumé, and two writing samples (not to exceed one page each)
attached as PDFs.

Page 8 of 12

MEM-312-14

A Senior Democratic Maryland Congressman is seeking highly
motivated candidates to join his Washington D.C. on Tuesdays,
Wednesdays, and Thursdays through December for an unpaid
internship. Candidates should be organized, professional, quick
learners, team players and approach new challenges with a positive
attitude. To apply for this position, please send an email to
Brett.Cozzolino@mail.house.gov with a resume, cover letter, and a
short writing sample.
REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator/Supervisor
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
 to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry,
reception duties and other office errands.
DUTIES:
 Performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress);
 Sorts and distributes mail;
 Performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and
constituent requests, including names and addresses of
constituents;
 Answers the telephones;
 Notes constituent opinions, including their full names,
addresses, and all relevant information;
 Greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
 Performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.

MEM-311-14

Ohio Republican seeks full time hard working interns for Fall 2014.
Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls,
assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending
various briefings, providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified
candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication
skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an
interest in learning more about the legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are preferred.

MEM-310-14

Congressman Brad Schneider (IL-10) is currently seeking an unpaid
intern to start work in September in his Washington, D.C. office.
Interns perform a variety of front office responsibilities, including
answering phones, receiving guests, and providing tours of the Capitol
Building. They will also research legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, write memos, and
answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns
should possess strong research, writing, analytical, and interpersonal
Page 9 of 12

skills. Interested candidates should email their resume and cover letter
to internshipsIL10@gmail.com.
MEM-309-14

House Judiciary Committee press office seeks self-motivated, detailoriented and highly energetic part-time press intern for fall 2014.
Duties include compiling daily news clips, issue tracking and research,
drafting media releases and other communications materials,
maintaining press contact lists, special event support, and
conceptualizing social media content. A background in journalism or
communications and special skills such as photography, video editing
and graphic design a plus, but not required. Undergraduate and
graduate students, as well as recent graduates, are encouraged to apply.
Michigan ties are a plus. Start and end dates are flexible. This
internship is unpaid, but the office will accommodate applicants
seeking to earn academic credit. Please submit a one page resume, a
short writing sample, and a cover letter that includes date and hours of
availability to HouseJudiciaryDems@gmail.com.

MEM-307-14

The office of Congressman Jim Himes (D-CT-4) is currently seeking
full and part time unpaid interns for the fall 2014 semester to work in
the Congressman’s Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include,
but are not limited to, sorting income constituent correspondence,
drafting reply letters on behalf of the Congressman, and giving tours of
the U.S. Capitol to constituents.
Successful applicants are strong communicators – i.e., are good writers
and speakers – are able to work cooperatively with others, are
organized, have a positive attitude and a sense of humor, and are
reliable. Applicants should also have working knowledge and curiosity
of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness to perform
a variety of tasks and administrative functions. This is an excellent
opportunity to learn more about the legislative process and better
understand the inner workings of a Congressional office.
Connecticut ties are preferred, but all applicants are encouraged to
apply. For any questions or to apply, please contact our internship
coordinator at himes.internship@mail.house.gov. All applications
should consist of one cover letter, resume, and a brief (1-3 page)
writing sample. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-306-14

Illinois Representative John Shimkus is currently accepting
applications for Fall semester internship positions in his Washington
D.C. office. This unpaid internship is available on either a full-time or
part-time basis. Qualified candidates will be highly organized, prompt,
responsible, and ready to work in a fast paced environment. Strong
oral and communication skills are a must. Daily responsibilities will
include, but are not limited to, assisting staff, answering phones,
Page 10 of 12

organizing mail, giving tours of the Capitol Building, and attending
hearings and briefings for legislative staff. Interns will gain valuable
Capitol Hill experience and further their understanding of the
legislative process. Illinois ties are preferred but not necessary. All
interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to
midwestinternship@gmail.com
MEM-305-14

The Office of Congressman McClintock (CA-04) is seeking immediate
fall interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess
conservative values, as well as strong written and verbal
communication skills. Interns will gain first-hand experience in the
operation and management of a Congressional office. Internship duties
include attending Congressional hearings, leading U.S. Capitol tours,
answering phones, managing constituent mail database, drafting
constituent correspondence, and assisting legislative staff with research.
Those with ties to California are encouraged to apply. Interested
applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter summarizing their interest in working for Congressman
McClintock to Rachel.Long@mail.house.gov. Please use “2014 Fall
Internship” in the subject line. No phone calls, drop-ins, or faxes
please.

MEM-304-14

The office of Congressman Ron Barber of Arizona seeks qualified
interns for our fall internship program. Interns can expect to gain
exposure to the day-to-day activities of Congress while playing an
active role in the daily work of a Congressional office. Congressman
Barber’s district deals extensively with border and immigration issues,
alternative energy, scientific research, and national security. Interns can
expect experience dealing with a wide variety of issues of critical
importance to the nation.
Our internship program places interns in roles with significant
responsibility, so we seek only those looking to gain meaningful
experience. Responsibilities include assisting with constituent
communications, leading Capitol tours, general administrative duties
and assisting with special projects. Prospective applicants should be
personable, self-starters, quick-learning and eager to take an active role
in the workings of a Congressional office.
Internships are unpaid, but arrangements can be made with your school
for academic credit. Both part-time and full-time internships are
available, but preference will be given to those who can dedicate at
least 25 hours per week.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
Page 11 of 12

az.house.internship@gmail.com. Individuals with Arizona ties are
strongly encouraged to apply. No calls please.

Page 12 of 12

