________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 16, 2019

MEM-660-19

The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, unpaid Spring
2020 interns for our Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include
drafting memos and constituent letters, assisting legislative staff with research,
answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting
constituents, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work
well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have
excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are
strongly preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates
are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Spring Intern” in the subject line. Please
indicate expected start and end dates in your cover letter. No phone calls or walkins please.

Page 1 of 15

MEM-659-19

A senior-ranking Republican member on the Committee of Ways & Means is
seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships for Spring 2020. Interns
will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand
knowledge of the legislative process.
D.C. responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting
staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings. Florida ties are
strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to housegopinternshipfl@outlook.com.
No phone calls or drop-ins will be considered.

MEM-658-19

The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting
applications for full-time internships for the spring 2020 session. Working
closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand
knowledge of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional
committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced front office, answering
phones, and greeting visitors.
Responsibilities also include assisting staff with hearings/markups, day to day
administrative operations, legislative research projects, and various other tasks as
assigned.
Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and
possess an energetic, team player attitude. Previous Hill experience is preferred
but not required. Note that Committee internships are unpaid positions.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to:
var.internship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-657-19

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington,
DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative briefings, greeting
constituents and visitors, assisting staff with research and special projects,
tracking media coverage, and performing administrative duties. As a result,
interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.
Positions are available beginning in January 2020. To apply, please send a
resume and cover letter to pa08internships@gmail.com with “Legislative
Internship Application” in the subject line. In your cover letter please indicate
Page 2 of 15

expected start and end dates and hours available to work. Pennsylvania ties are
preferred but not required.
MEM-656-19

In Congressman Harder’s (D-CA) Washington, DC office, this paid internship
will run from January - May 2020. As an intern, you will gain invaluable work
experience by helping the legislative, communications, and administrative teams
on an as-needed basis. Hours generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., but some
flexibility is requested.
Intern responsibilities vary and involve a combination of administrative work and
assistance to members of staff in more in-depth projects. Every day, interns will
answer phones, greet visitors, sort mail, conduct tours, deliver documents,
research legislation, draft press releases, manage complex constituent
interactions, and draft office correspondence. Our internship program is geared to
prepare our interns for a career on the Hill, helping interns gain an in-depth
experience on the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in our DC office, please complete and submit the
Internship form here harder.house.gov/services/internships/internship-form

MEM-654-19

The Republican Staff of the House Oversight Committee is looking for full- and
part-time law clerks for the spring semester. Law clerks will have the opportunity
to work with the oversight and policy teams, conducting research, reviewing
documents, and preparing for hearings and markups.
Applicants must be current law school students with strong writing skills who are
enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the Committee’s work. The strongest
candidates will also be organized and detail-oriented, as they will balance
multiple, often disparate, projects corresponding with the broad jurisdiction of the
Committee.
Clerkships begin in January or February and typically run through May. Specific
dates for clerkships will be determined on a case-by-case basis. This is an unpaid
position, but we are happy to work with an applicant so they can receive class
credit.
Interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
oversight.committee@mail.house.gov. Please place "LAW CLERK" in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-652-19

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time spring 2020 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Page 3 of 15

Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
To apply, please send a cover letter, including dates of availability, and one page
resume to Roberto.estrada@mail.house.gov.
MEM-651-19

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Spring 2020 in Washington, D.C.
Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings,
answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various
other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone
calls or drop ins, please.
Please email FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov, with your resume, cover letter &
a 1-2 page writing sample.

MEM-649-19

Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-17) has Spring 2020 openings for a full-time
congressional intern in his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be
motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with availability beginning in
January, and a preference for those who can stay at least three months.
Pennsylvania ties are a plus but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting experienced staff with projects
in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and
written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and weekly
availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov.

MEM-648-19

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on the Judiciary is seeking a
digital intern for a spring position. This digital internship program includes the
Page 4 of 15

production of high-quality graphics, videos, and demonstratives, as well as rapid
response work, filming/post production editing, manual photography, and
livestreaming events.
Candidates must possess STRONG technical skills, advanced creativity, and a
high level of attention to detail. Experience in Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator,
Premier Pro, After Effects, LightRoom, InDesign, and Audition a plus.
Experience in HTML,CSS, technology and big-data analytics a serious plus.
Must be a team player and have a strong work ethic. Willingness to take
initiative, generate creative ideas, and the ability to work under deadline pressure
a must.
The House Committee on the Judiciary’s Democratic staff internship program
will be providing stipends to spring interns, with additional funds provided to
interns with additional demonstrated financial need. The Committee strives to
ensure that our internship class reflects the diversity of the country’s population;
candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The
Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
Email portfolio and resume to JudPress.Intern@mail.house.gov with DIGITAL
INTERN in the subject line. Portfolio must be included to be considered for the
position.
MEM-647-19

Position: Legislative Intern
Description: Southern Republican seeks a highly motivated individual to serve as
a paid legislative intern in the Washington, D.C. office.
Requirements: This position requires an individual with excellent communication
and writing skills.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting constituents and
meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls and taking
messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general office
administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and work well
in a team environment.
Office: Ted Budd (NC-13)
Contact: sam.shumate@mail.house.gov

MEM-646-19

The Office of Congressman H. Morgan Griffith (VA-09) is currently seeking full
or part-time unpaid interns for his Washington, D.C. office during the spring
semester.
Page 5 of 15

Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings,
answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research.
Although all internships are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students
to receive college credit. Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to bailey.psuik@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-645-19

The Office of Congresswoman Kendra S. Horn (OK-5) seeks a Press Intern to
begin in January in their DC office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting press materials and
digital media, compiling press clips, monitoring digital platforms, updating
reporter and contact lists, research projects, and other duties as assigned. The
Press Intern will also assist in answering phones, coordinating and conducting
tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and various other tasks.
Candidates should have strong writing, organizational, and interpersonal skills as
well as the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to
OK05.DCinternship@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship” in the subject line.
The deadline to apply is January 1, 2020.

MEM-643-19

The Office of Congressman Ron Estes is currently accepting applications for
spring 2020 interns in our Washington D.C. office.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Good oral and written communication skills
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
•Good organizational skills
•Responsible, dependable and willing to learn
DUTIES:
•Perform research
•Sort and distribute mail
•Attend committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars
•Answer the phones
•Record constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all
relevant information
•Perform other duties as assigned by staff members
Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. To apply for an internship in Washington D.C., or ask any
questions related to the internship, please send an email to
Page 6 of 15

collin.harrison@mail.house.gov and include your resume, cover letter, and two
letters of recommendation. Kansas ties are preferred but not required.
MEM-642-19

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Spring 2020 in Washington, D.C.
Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings,
answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various
other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone
calls or drop ins, please.
To apply, email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample,
and cover letter listing your availability to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-639-19

The House Democratic Caucus is seeking a full-time press intern to begin
January, 2020. Successful applicants will be energetic, highly motivated and have
a demonstrated interest in press and political communications. Interns will be
directly engaged with Caucus press work and will perform a variety of essential
duties.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting with press clips, building
out press contact lists, drafting media advisories and press releases, transcribing
interviews and supporting other team projects as necessary. Applicants should be
self-starters, motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and written
communication skills and be able to problem solve and multitask. Proficiency in
Spanish is a plus as well as experience in press operations and the congressional
process.
Eligibility: All undergraduate-level students as well as recent graduates are
eligible to apply.
Application Requirements:
•Resume
•Cover Letter
•1 writing samples (approximately 1-2 pages)
Deadline: December 19, 2019
Please send completed application materials via e-mail to:
CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov

MEM-638-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Mike Johnson (LA-04) is seeking
candidates for full-time and part-time internships for Spring 2020 with certain
positions being paid. Interns will have the opportunity to observe the innerPage 7 of 15

workings of a Congressional office while acquiring specific knowledge about the
legislative process.
Responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, assisting staff with legislative
projects, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, and working on
special projects. Louisiana ties are preferred but are not required.
Please apply online at https://mikejohnson.house.gov/services/internships.
MEM-636-19

The House Small Business Committee Minority Staff is currently looking for
full-time interns for the spring 2020 semester (January – May).
Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and
administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press
clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research, and
other tasks. This internship is open to undergraduates (juniors and above) and
recent graduates. The office is an equal opportunity employer and minorities,
women, and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Please note that this
internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered, please submit a one-page resume and cover
letter to housesmallbusinessinternshipr@gmail.com and include “Spring 2020
Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.

MEM-635-19

Congresswoman Elaine G. Luria (VA-02) Member of the House Armed Services
Committee and House Veterans Affairs Committee, where the Congresswoman
serves as Chair of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee,
seeks paid interns for her Washington DC office.
Responsibilities may include answering phones, leading Capitol tours, upkeeping constituent mail and correspondence, preparing memoranda, attending
briefings and hearings, and assisting staff with legislative projects.
Qualified candidates should be motivated, detail-oriented, a team player,
outgoing, and possess strong oral and written communication skills. Virginia ties
are a plus but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are
encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing
sample, and cover letter listing your availability to
VA02DC.Interns@mail.house.gov with “Your Name: VA-02 Spring Internship”
in the subject line. Please no drop-ins or phone calls.

MEM-634-19

Congressman Bill Huizenga (MI-02) is seeking Full time or Part Time Paid
interns for Spring 2019 in Washington, D.C.

Page 8 of 15

Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, attending briefings,
answering phones, coordinating and conducting tours, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various
other tasks. Michigan ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or
drop ins, please.
To apply, email a single PDF including your resume and cover letter listing your
availability to Jared.Wood@mail.house.gov
MEM-633-19

“Republican office looking for paid interns for the Spring 2020 semester. Please
email abigail.michos@mail.house.gov”

MEM-632-19

“Conservative Midwestern member of the House seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic professionals for internships in Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Missouri/Midwestern ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Answering and screening
telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting constituents and visitors,
leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with research, attending
congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the Communications Director
with drafting talking points, creating graphics for social media, tracking media
coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time internship positions are available beginning in January 2019. To apply,
please send a resume and cover letter to Trevor.Ray@mail.house.gov with the
phrase “Internship Application” in the subject line.”

MEM-631-19

The House Democratic Policy & Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a
Press Intern to begin in January.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting press materials, media
monitoring, maintaining website and digital platforms, updating reporter and
contact lists, coordinating events, research projects, prepping for meetings, and
other duties as assigned.
Candidates should have strong writing, organizational, and interpersonal skills as
well as the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume and cover letter to dpcc@mail.house.gov
with the subject line “DPCC Internship.”

MEM-630-19

The House Democratic Policy & Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a
Page 9 of 15

Digital intern to begin in January.
Responsibilities include, drafting press materials, media monitoring, assisting
with maintaining website and digital platforms, clipping videos, drafting digital
content, and other duties assigned.
Candidates must be proficient in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator,
Premiere, and After Effects) and have strong writing, organizational, and
interpersonal skills as well as the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight
deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, graphic and video sample to
dpcc@mail.house.gov with the subject line “DPCC Internship.”
MEM-628-19

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a
legal intern for the Spring 2020 semester.
In addition to providing administrative and operations support to the committee
as needed, the legal intern will work closely with the Counsels team with research
projects, drafting legislation, providing support for full committee markups and
hearings, and attending meetings and briefings. Candidates should be current law
students and require little supervision. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons
are strongly encouraged to apply.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page
resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and
include “Spring 2020 Legal Internship Application” in the subject line of the
email.

MEM-627-19

The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski (NJ-07) is currently seeking
qualified candidates for their Spring 2020 internship program in their
Somerville, NJ District Office. This internship runs from January to May. Ideal
candidates will be professional, motivated, dependable, a team player, and be able
to show strong written and verbal communication skills.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: answering phones, assisting
casework staff with constituent correspondence, data entry, assisting in
administrative tasks and community engagement and outreach.
Applicants should be able to commit to a part-time schedule (15-25 hours per
week). Applicants with New Jersey ties and have previous internship/ work
experience are a plus, but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter (1 page only), resume, writing
sample and available dates in a single PDF document to
Leah.Hoogerhyde@mail.house.gov with “(Last name) – Spring 2020 Internship”
in the subject line.
Page 10 of 15

No calls or drop ins. Deadline to submit applications is Dec. 10th.
MEM-624-19

“Congressman Paul Cook (CA-08) is seeking a highly motivated intern to join
his Apple Valley, California district office for a three month period. Candidates
should be motivated, professional, quick learners and phenomenal team players.
Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are
important.
Duties can include answering constituent phone calls, assisting congressional
staff with constituent casework, attending events throughout the community,
sorting and distributing mail, and any other tasks assigned by staff. There are
both full-time and part-time positions available.
Please email a resume with dates of availability to
Samuel.Shoup@mail.house.gov”

MEM-623-19

A senior-ranking Republican member on the Committee of Ways & Means is
seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships starting in January.
Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining
firsthand knowledge of the legislative process.
D.C. responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering phones, assisting
staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings. Florida ties are
strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to housegopinternshipfl@outlook.com.
No phone calls or drop-ins will be considered.

MEM-619-19

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek a motivated
and reliable student to fill a full-time digital intern position in the spring. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation, website
maintenance, analytics, photography, videography, and performing other press
and administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess skills in Adobe programs (Photoshop,
Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro, Audition, and After Effects), CMS, CSS,
HTML, manual photography, analytics, and an ability to work in a fast-paced,
rapid response environment. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to
apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and portfolio to
oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

Page 11 of 15

MEM-618-19

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek a detailoriented student with a passion for communications to fill a full-time press intern
position in the spring.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task
in a fast-paced environment. This position reports to the deputy press secretary
and broader communications team. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged
to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to
oversightpress@mail.house.gov

MEM-614-19

We are currently looking for spring interns in Congressman Steven Palazzo’s
office in Washington, D.C. Please email your resume, cover letter, references,
and application to Bailey.senyitko@mail.house.gov.
Here is a link to the application:
https://palazzo.house.gov/uploadedfiles/intern_application_dc_office_.pdf

MEM-612-19

Position: Spring Congressional Internship – Bruce Westerman (AR-04)
Description: Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting
applications for his spring 2020 paid Policy and Press Internship positions in his
Washington, D.C. office. He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are
motivated, detail-oriented, and personable.
The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing abilities, be able to
multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity to
experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process, and
attend briefings of interest.
Responsibilities will include answering the phone, leading tours of the Capitol,
assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and
communication staff on various projects. Candidates with particular policy
interests in natural resources, forest management, transportation and
infrastructure, or health care, as well as those interested in a more press/mediafocused internship should apply. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
westerman.internship@yahoo.com

MEM-610-19

Position: California Republican seeks Spring 2020 Interns
Description:
California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time interns
in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates who
are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office, intern responsibilities
Page 12 of 15

will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give tours of the Capitol
Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication, research legislation
for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and briefings. Interns
will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.
Internships are paid and/or the office will provide any necessary assistance for
students to receive academic credit at their respective college or university.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.
MEM-608-19

The Republican staff of the House Committee on the Budget is currently
accepting applications for Spring 2020 interns. We are seeking dependable,
politically conservative and professional individuals with a positive attitude and
strong work ethic. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital
support by assisting staff in assignments that include but are not limited to:
compiling daily budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone
calls, assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy
based projects.
Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a Political
Science and/or Economics degree, or those generally interested in public policy
are strongly encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your
school. The deadline to apply is December 22, 2019. Applicants should email a
resume, cover letter, one page writing sample and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov.
Please visit republicans-budget.house.gov for the application and more
information. Late and incomplete application packets will not be considered. Paid
internships may be available to students working full-time and not receiving
course credit.

MEM-605-19

Internships are available in Congresswoman Scanlon’s Washington, DC office
for college students and recent graduates.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
•Constituent correspondence
•Leading tours of the Capitol
•Drafting constituent correspondence
•Researching legislative issues
DC based interns will have the opportunity to attend hearings and briefings.
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong communication skills
and have a demonstrated interest in government and public service.

Page 13 of 15

Generally, internship hours run from 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM on days that Congress
is in session and from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM on days when Congress is not. Hours
and start dates can be adjusted to accommodate class schedules.
Interested in applying?
Please submit a resume, cover letter, unofficial school transcript, two references,
and a short writing sample to Maddie.Daly@mail.house.gov. Please include
availability in cover letter.
MEM-604-19

The Office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, unpaid Spring
2020 interns for our Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include
drafting memos and constituent letters, assisting legislative staff with research,
answering phones, managing the front office, giving Capitol tours, greeting
constituents, and other tasks as assigned.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who work
well under deadlines, pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic, have
excellent customer service skills, and work well on a team. Nevada ties are
strongly preferred, but not required. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates
are encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Spring Intern” in the subject line. Please
indicate expected start and end dates in your cover letter. No phone calls or walkins please.

MEM-488-19

The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking
undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for spring of 2020. Specifically
we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal interns and
fellows for the labor policy team, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the
health policy team and graduate and legal interns and fellows for the oversight
team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative
and media work.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact
checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting
staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other
hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and
Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may
include helping to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting
with the production of daily news clips.
Applicants who are applying for graduate internships or fellowships should be
able to demonstrate academic or professional exposure to the subject matter of
Page 14 of 15

the team to which they are applying. Fellows must be participating in an
established fellowship program. Applicants should be able to start in January and
commit through April/May.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship
applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov and
indicate, in the subject line of the email, to which position they are applying.
Please also include ‘Spring 2020’ in the subject line. If you are applying for a
graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short, relevant writing
samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at
https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information. Applicants
should aim to submit their materials by November 1, 2019.
The Committee on Education and Labor is a legislative office within the U.S.
House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over a broad array of
child welfare, education and labor policy areas, including early childhood
education, K-12 education, higher education, employer/employee relations,
worker safety, and employer provided health care. Representative Robert C.
“Bobby” Scott (D-VA) serves as Chairman.
MEM-416-19

The Democratic Staff on the House Education and Labor Committee seeks a
health care intern/fellow. This position will work on the health team. Candidates
should have familiarity with health policy, including the Affordable Care Act.
Knowledge of other statutes and policies within the Committee’s jurisdiction and
how they impact health and human services policy is preferred. Prior Hill
experience or policy experience is also preferred.
Tasks will include supporting the development of legislation regarding health
policy, conducting issue and legislative research, and preparing written materials
and legislative analyses. Applicants should be available to start in September
2019 and commit through December 2019.
To apply, applicants must submit the internship applicant information form
(https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships/form), a resume and a short writing
sample. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates
of diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please email resume and writing sample to
E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov with "Health Policy Intern/Fellow" in
the subject line.

Page 15 of 15

