________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 3, 2014
MEM-356-14

Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-3) is currently seeking interns
in his Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2015 (January-May). Interns
perform a variety of responsibilities, including answering phones,
receiving guests, and providing tours of the Capitol Building. They will
also research legislation for the legislative staff, attend hearings and
briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the
House. Interns should possess strong research, writing, analytical, and
interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates should express an interest in
politics and conservative values. All internships are unpaid. However,
if your college or university offers credit hours we are happy to
complete any necessary evaluations. Interested candidates should
contact Claire Trokey and email their resume and cover letter to:
claire.trokey@mail.house.gov.

MEM-355-14

The office of Congressman Albio Sires (NJ-08) seeks motivated, wellorganized interns for our Washington, DC office on a full or part-time
basis. Excellent writing and communication skills as well as good
judgment are essential. Duties will include assisting staff with
Page 1 of 8

correspondence and research, attending hearings and briefings, greeting
guests, answering phones & other duties as needed. If you are
interested, please fax a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to 202226-0792.
MEM-354-14

Midwest Democrat seeks press intern for spring semester. Interns will
work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure
and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States
Congress. Interns will gain experience fact finding, researching current
events, updating press lists, writing and editing press releases, working
on the E-newsletters, and editing social media. Interns will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence,
as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings,
and press events. Intern responsibilities will also include greeting
constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, an interest in how a press office
works, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication
skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with little
assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team,
and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working
knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in
American Government. Wisconsin ties are a plus.
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00
am-6:00 pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to
Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov by December 15th, 2014.

MEM-353-14

The Office of Congressman John K. Delaney is looking for highly
qualified students or recent college graduates to serve as interns in our
district offices in Gaithersburg and Hagerstown, MD for the 2015
Spring semester. Interns are an integral part of the team and are given
substantial opportunities to learn and grow in a fast-paced and active
office. Our district office interns work with us as full-fledged members
of our staff and are responsible for assisting other staff with constituent
outreach, casework, and office management. As a part of these
responsibilities, interns will be asked to answer phones, meet with
constituents, write letters, process incoming casework, and research
casework issues for field representatives. In addition, interns may be
assigned to assist in various constituent casework or work on districtbased projects of importance. As a result, interns learn about the
constituent services component of every congressional office.
Page 2 of 8

The ideal candidate will be professional, responsible, and friendly.
They should be organized, eager to learn, able to work both
individually and as part of a team, perform well under pressure, and
adapt to rapidly changing situations. Preference will be given to
applicants who can work a minimum of 30 hours per week and give a
10-week minimum commitment. Specific start and end dates as well as
the weekly schedule are negotiable.
This is an unpaid internship; however, academic credit can be arranged
through participating institutions. Interested applicants must send a
cover letter and resume to MD06.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 3 of 8

MEM-352-14

Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining
valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the
United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct
legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some
Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern
responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours,
and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able
to find information with little assistance, be able to work both
independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events
and policy topics, as well as an interest in American Government.
Wisconsin ties a plus.
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00
am-6:00 pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to
Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov by December 15th, 2014.

MEM-351-14

Washington, D.C. — Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his
Leadership office with availability beginning in January.
Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) assisting in preparing
Caucus events, answering phones, providing constituency outreach
support to Democratic Members of Congress and their staff, conducting
research, extracting and formatting large quantities of data, writing
detailed memos, attending relevant briefings and meetings, and
assisting with team projects. Applicants should be self-starters,
motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and written
communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multi-task.
Experience or interest in social media is a plus. Minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic
credit or congressional internship/fellowship program participants. The
intern should be prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please send
a cover letter and resume to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-350-14

Progressive New England Democrat is seeking highly motivated
individuals for unpaid Congressional internship for Spring 2015.
Responsibilities include drafting constituent letters, assisting legislative
Page 4 of 8

staff with research, assisting with front office duties, and various
administrative tasks. Candidates must possess strong writing and
communication skills and be able to work 3-5 days per week. Ties to
Rhode Island are strongly preferred. To apply, please send resume with
references, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
RI01Internship@gmail.com.
MEM-349-14

The Office of Congressman Reid Ribble is seeking qualified candidates
to intern full time in our Washington, D.C. office starting in January
2015. We are interested in candidates of all academic disciplines.
Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office
administration, legislative research, constituent correspondence, and
other duties as assigned. Administration will include daily tasks such as
welcoming guests, being aware of the Congressman’s and staff’s
schedules, answering phones, constituent tours, mail administration,
and other duties. Legislative research and constituent correspondence
will include being aware of current and pending legislation, researching
legislation for constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and
other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills,
strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work
independently, and the drive to take the initiative in a fast-paced
environment.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send resume,
writing samples, and references to jeffrey.kuckuck@mail.house.gov.

MEM-344-14

Ohio Republican seeks full time hard working intern for immediate
hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone
calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours,
attending various briefings, providing research for the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong
communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working
environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative
process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly
preferred.

MEM-343-14

The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is
currently accepting applications for the SPRING 2015. Intern
responsibilities include researching legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, answering phones,
Page 5 of 8

day to day office duties, and answering constituent letters on various
issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM
– 5:30 PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when
not in session. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover
letter to MeehanDCIntern@gmail.com. The deadline to apply is
November 7, 2014. Ties to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District
are preferred, but not required.
MEM-342-14

The office of Congressman Keith Ellison seeks unpaid interns to fill a
position for November 17 through February 17, 2014. Main
responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and
attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities
to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be selfmotivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good
understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Minnesota ties strongly preferred. If
interested, please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
zach.freed@mail.house.gov.

MEM-341-14

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Tim Bishop is currently
seeking interns available to begin at the end of October 2014. Interns
should be comfortable answering office phones, greeting office visitors,
giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, assisting the legislative staff with
research, sorting mail, taking notes at hearings and briefings, as well as
assisting with general office work. Strong writing and interpersonal
skills are necessary. Applicants should be hard working, intelligent, and
enthusiastic with an interest in politics, history and government. Long
Island or New York ties are a plus, but not required. Those interested
should send a resume to ny01.internapplications@gmail.com. College
students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply. Please note this
is an unpaid position. The office of Congressman Tim Bishop is happy
to work with colleges and universities for credit.

MEM-339-14

Congressman Jerry McNerney (CA-09) is currently accepting
applications for Fall/Winter internship positions in his Washington
D.C. office. This unpaid internship will provide valuable hands-on
experience in a Congressional office and a greater understanding of the
legislative process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol,
conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and
processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a
professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills,
the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the
Page 6 of 8

legislative and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. All majors are encouraged
to apply. Ties to California’s Ninth Congressional District are
preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume
and cover letter to nick.sullivan@mail.house.gov with “CA-09
Internship” in the subject line. Include dates of availability.
MEM-338-14

The Office of Representative Kevin Brady (TX-08) is currently seeking
a paid full-time intern (part-time also possible- but may not be paid)
for our Washington, D.C. office. Qualified candidates are well
organized, with good oral and written communication skills, and
possess a strong interest in learning about the political process and
congressional affairs. Duties include but are not limited to, answering
phones, compiling briefing binders, batching mail, performing
legislative research, and attending briefings. Interns interact heavily
with constituents so a positive attitude is a must. Applicants must be
detail oriented with a strong work ethic and an eagerness to represent
the 8th district of Texas. Previous Hill experience not required.
Interested Candidates should send a resume and cover letter to:
TX08intern@gmail.com.

MEM-337-14

Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-3) is currently seeking interns
in his Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2015 (January-May). Interns
perform a variety of responsibilities, including answering phones,
receiving guests, and providing tours of the Capitol Building. They will
also research legislation for the legislative staff, attend hearings and
briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the
House. Interns should possess strong research, writing, analytical, and
interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates should express an interest in
politics and conservative values. All internships are unpaid. However,
if your college or university offers credit hours we are happy to
complete any necessary evaluations. Interested candidates should
contact Claire Trokey and email their resume and cover letter to:
claire.trokey@mail.house.gov.

MEM-336-14

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level
students as well as recent graduates with an interest in government and
public policy to apply for its Fall 2014 internship. Working closely
with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain firsthand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee
and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House
of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff
with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight,
Page 7 of 8

member services, and other projects as well as providing general front
office support. Please note that this is not a paid internship. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available hours to
CHADem.Intern@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA
Dem Internship.”
MEM-335-14

Moderate Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full or parttime unpaid congressional internship for Fall 2014. Duties will include
conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front
office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates
must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. San Diego
residents or strong ties to California are preferred. Please send a
resume, cover letter and writing sample to
CA52.internships@gmail.com with “Fall Congressional Internship” in
the subject line.

MEM-334-14

Conservative Fall & Spring Internship. The office of Representative
Stephen Fincher (TN-08) is looking for motivated interns for the 2014
Fall and 2015 Spring semesters in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern
responsibilities include assisting the staff with general office duties,
attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, sorting mail,
giving Capitol tours, and performing various other tasks based on
ability and interests. Applicants must possess strong communication
skills, have a positive attitude and be well-organized. Internship may be
full-time or part-time to fit applicant's schedule. Interested candidates
should send a cover letter and résumé to TN08.Intern@mail.house.gov.
Tennessee ties preferred, but not required.

MEM-333-14

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated
intern to join his Washington, DC office from November through
February. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners,
and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication
skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include
assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and
meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US
Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and
managing tour and flag requests. Full-time candidates with California
ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged
to apply. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover
letter and dates of availability to
Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 8 of 8

