________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 3, 2020

MEM-037-20

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a
full-time intern for the Spring 2020 semester.
Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and
administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press
clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research,
drafting memoranda and other written materials, and a variety of other tasks.
Candidates should be team-oriented, resourceful, upbeat people who have skills
beyond research and require little supervision. This internship is open to
undergraduates (rising seniors and above), recent graduates, and Master’s and law
students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply. Please note that this internship is unpaid.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page
resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and
include “HFAC Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.

MEM-036-20

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a
legal intern for the Spring 2020 semester.
Page 1 of 9

In addition to providing administrative and operations support to the committee
as needed, the legal intern will work closely with the Counsels team with research
projects, drafting legislation, providing support for full committee markups and
hearings, and attending meetings and briefings.
Candidates should be current law students and require little supervision.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page
resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and
include “Spring 2020 Legal Internship Application” in the subject line of the
email.
MEM-033-20

Congresswoman Elaine G. Luria (VA-02) Member of the House Armed Services
Committee and House Veterans Affairs Committee, where the Congresswoman
serves as Chair of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee,
seeks a paid press intern for her Washington DC office.
Responsibilities may include drafting social media content, monitoring social
media platforms, drafting constituent correspondence and outreach, and assisting
the Communications Team with other tasks as needed. The press intern will
report to and work closely with the Press Assistant and the Communications
Director.
Qualified candidates should be motivated, detail-oriented, a team player, and
possess strong oral and written communication skills. Virginia ties are a plus.
Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, please email a single PDF including your cover letter listing your
availability, resume and a 1-2 page writing sample to
VA02DC.Interns@mail.house.gov with “Your Name: VA-02 Press Internship” in
the subject line. Please no drop-ins or phone calls.

MEM-029-20

The Office of Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) seeks Press/Legislative interns for the
Spring 2020.
Press responsibilities will include building press lists, drafting social media posts
for the Member’s official social media pages (including Facebook, Twitter, and
Instagram), designing graphics, and creating short video clips as needed. The
intern will be an integral part of the communications team, generating engaging
content for the Member and supplying creative ideas throughout the week. Ideal
applicants will have a background in iMovie, the Adobe creative suite, and
TweetDeck.
Page 2 of 9

Legislative responsibilities include researching legislation for both the Member
and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and drafting constituent
letters on the Member’s behalf.
This is a unique opportunity to gain both legislative and communications
experience in a fast-paced and high-volume congressional office.
All interns are paid $15.00 per hour for a maximum of 30 hours a week, and are
expected to work collaboratively with the staff to answer phones, greet
constituents, and guide tours of the U.S. Capitol Building. The Office of Rep. Ro
Khanna is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race,
ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply. The start date is
March 23, 2020.
Applicants should send a resume, a short writing sample (no more than 2-pages),
sample tweets on a current event, a sample graphic (optional) and availability to
julia.albertson@mail.house.gov.
MEM-028-20

TITLE: Congressional Intern
REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.

Page 3 of 9

Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking paid interns for Summer 2020
in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff
with various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones,
conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and
performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and
willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college
graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to:
Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
MEM-027-20

The Office of Congresswoman Abby Finkenauer (IA-01) seeks a competent,
creative and motivated press intern.
Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) producing daily clips, drafting
press releases, assisting with responding to press inquiries and compile and
update press lists. In addition, the intern will help draft daily content for the
Congressman’s social media accounts, create newsletters and graphics, update the
website, and record and edit videos. The press intern will report to and work
closely with the Press Secretary.
The ideal candidate will possess excellent written and verbal communication
skills and can work in a fast-paced environment. The candidate will also have
congressional and/or campaign experience and a good sense of humor. Iowa ties
are preferred but not required.
TO APPLY: Please e-mail a detailed resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples to katie.solomon@mail.house.gov and include “Press/Digital Intern
Application” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-026-20

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the spring and summer internship
sessions. The start date would be as early as Feb 15, 2020 (flexible depending on
availability) with a flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on
availability and have access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Page 4 of 9

Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff. At the
beginning of the legislative week, interns are expected to work into the evening to
assist staff in facilitating member meetings. Congressman Van Drew supports
students requesting credit for their internship through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter to
JeffVanDrewNJ@gmail.com. Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re
applying for a spring or summer internship and format the files as [Full
Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter].
MEM-024-20

The Office of Congressman Daniel Lipinski (IL-03) is currently seeking interns
for the spring semester in the Washington D.C. office. Prospective interns should
have a love for politics and the legislative process, a desire to learn, and a
willingness to work hard in this fast-paced office.
Day to day intern responsibilities include: drafting constituent correspondence,
leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, working with legislative staff on policy issue
research, attending briefings and hearings, and answering phones. Interns will
work closely with legislative staff and will be given all the tools necessary to
learn to become a congressional staffer by the end of the internship.
Applications can be submitted via email to andrew.hoffner@mail.house.gov.
Applications are due by 5:00pm, Thursday, February 6th. A complete application
should include a cover letter, resume and one short writing sample of 2-3 pages.
Please be sure the application includes your name, contact information,
university, year of graduation, dates you are available, and your intended work
schedule (full time or part time). Third District of Illinois ties are preferred.
Please no drop ins.

MEM-022-20

The Office of Congressman Trone is currently seeking qualified candidates for
their Spring 2020 Internship Program in the Gaithersburg, Hagerstown, and
Cumberland District offices. This internship runs from January to May.
Ideal candidates will be professional, motivated, dependable, a team player, and
be able to show strong written and verbal communication skills. District office
interns will have the opportunity to see how legislation directly affects residents
through constituent services.
In addition to general office duties, responsibilities include, but are not limited to
interacting with constituents over the phone and email, drafting correspondence
to constituents and federal agencies, attending community events, meetings, and
briefings, etc. Internship hours are flexible to accommodate students' course
Page 5 of 9

schedules, but generally run 9:00 am to 5:00 pm Monday through Friday, and all
participants in the internship program must be available to work 20-40 hours per
week.
This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working cohesive team,
to make a difference in the lives of others, and to increase one’s understanding of
the operations of government agencies and the U.S. Congress.
All interested applicants must apply on our website to be considered for an
internship in our office at https://trone.house.gov/services/internships
MEM-020-20

Title: Intern
Salary: Paid
Closing Date: Until Filled
The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking
undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for summer of 2020. Specifically
we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal interns and
fellows for the labor policy team, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the
health policy team, graduate and legal interns and fellows for the education policy
team and graduate and legal interns and fellows for the oversight team. Interns
perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research and fact
checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting
staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and attending other
hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of informing staff and
Members as they work to craft legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may
include helping to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting
with the production of daily news clips.
Applicants who are applying for graduate internships or fellowships should be
able to demonstrate academic or professional exposure to the subject matter of
the team to which they are applying. Fellows must be participating in an
established fellowship program. Applicants should be able to start in late April/
early May and commit through July.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship
applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov and
indicate, in the subject line of the email, to which position they are applying.
Please also include ‘Summer 2020’ in the subject line.
If you are applying for a graduate internship or fellowship, please include two
short, relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our
website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more information.

Page 6 of 9

Interviews will be scheduled on a rolling basis, but applicants should aim to
submit their materials by February 14, 2020.
The Committee on Education and Labor is a legislative office within the U.S.
House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over a broad array of
child welfare, education, and labor policy areas, including early childhood
education, K-12 education, higher education, employer/employee relations,
worker safety, and employer provided health care. Representative Robert C.
“Bobby” Scott (D-VA) serves as Chairman.
MEM-018-20

The House Democratic Policy & Communications Committee (DPCC) seeks a
Digital intern to begin in January.
Responsibilities include, drafting press materials, media monitoring, assisting
with maintaining website and digital platforms, clipping videos, drafting digital
content, and other duties assigned.
Candidates must be proficient in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator,
Premiere, and After Effects) and have strong writing, organizational, and
interpersonal skills as well as the ability to juggle multiple projects under tight
deadlines.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, graphic and video sample to
dpcc@mail.house.gov with the subject line “DPCC Internship.”

MEM-017-20

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is seeking applicants for paid
full-time or part-time Spring 2020 internships in Washington, D.C.
Responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, attending briefings and hearings, and
helping conduct research for various projects.
Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing skills,
an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for the political
process and congressional operations. Pacific Northwest ties highly preferred but
not required. We encourage candidates from any academic background to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two references, and
weekly availability to Noelle Gasper at noelle.gasper@mail.house.gov with
“Spring 2020 Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-014-20

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for a
full-time intern for the Spring 2020 semester.
Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and
administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press
Page 7 of 9

clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research,
drafting memoranda and other written materials, and a variety of other tasks.
Candidates should be team-oriented, resourceful, upbeat people who have skills
beyond research and require little supervision.
This internship is open to undergraduates (rising seniors and above), recent
graduates, and Master’s and law students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ
persons are strongly encouraged to apply. Please note that this internship is
unpaid.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page
resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and
include “HFAC Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.
MEM-008-20

The Office of Congressman Doug Collins (GA-09) is looking for candidates for
an internship in his Washington, D.C. office. We are looking for highly qualified
candidates that are motivated, detail-oriented, personable, and have a passion for
public service. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and writing
abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents visiting the
office and on the phone.
Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn
about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities
include answering the phone, researching and preparing policy memos, giving
tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, supporting the
communications staff among many other projects.
Qualifications:
•Current student or recent graduate interested in politics and gaining legislative
experience
•Exhibits passion for politics, government, and/or any related policy areas
•Excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills
•Ability to multitask independently, learn quickly, and demonstrate sound
judgment
•Exhibits great attention to detail, punctuality, respect, and initiative
•Ability to work and contribute in a highly collaborative, team environment
Benefits:
•Working closely with the representative and Chief of Staff
•Observation of internal campaign operations and preparation for campaign and
political jobs
•Opportunity to bolster organizational and communication skills
•Attend special events, political meetings, and congressional hearings
•Meals and snacks will regularly be provided at events and activities

Page 8 of 9

Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to Raymond
Sweney, at raymond.sweney@mail.house.gov

Page 9 of 9

