________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 14, 2014
MEM-241-14

Press Intern – Member of Republican Leadership is seeking an unpaid
press intern for the fall semester. This diligent "press" intern should be
able to research, write, aggregate content, and think creatively - perfect
for someone wanting a taste of the Hill, press work and the digital
world. Our interns complete a variety of tasks; everything from writing
tweets to shooting video to creating press releases, and even attend
network (Fox News, CNN, etc.) tapings. Ideal candidates will have
excellent research and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and have
some exposure to Adobe Creative products. Email a resume, a coverletter and a digital portfolio to goppressintern@gmail.com

MEM-240-14

The Office of Congressman Ami Bera, M.D. is seeking qualified
candidates to intern full time in our Washington, D.C. office starting in
August 2014. We are interested in candidates of all academic
disciplines.
Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office
administration, legislative research, constituent correspondence, and
Page 1 of 13

other duties as assigned.
Administration will include daily tasks such as welcoming guests,
being aware of the Congressman’s and staff’s schedules, answering
phones, constituent tours, mail administration, and other duties.
Legislative research and constituent correspondence will include being
aware of current and pending legislation, researching legislation for
constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills,
strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work
independently, and the drive to take the initiative in a fast-paced
environment.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send resume,
writing samples, and references to bera.resume@mail.house.gov
MEM-239-14

Immediate openings for interns to assist Congressman Petri (RWisconsin) and his staff in the overall day-to-day operations of the
office by investigating constituent requests and drafting responses,
answering telephones, greeting visitors, and guiding tours of the
Capitol. They will also be assigned research projects as
needed. Interns have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and
otherwise take advantage of the unique perspective of Capitol Hill. We
try to give our interns a firsthand view of the legislative process and we
make every effort to provide them with a worthwhile learning
experience. This is an excellent opportunity for college students or
recent graduates interested in obtaining Capitol Hill experience. These
unpaid positions are full or part-time with flexible scheduling
available. Email cover letter and resume to
Nicole.Christus@mail.house.gov with subject line INTERN
APPLICANT.

MEM-238-14

Republican Member of the House of Representatives from NYC is
seeking students/recent grads to join his office for an internship
beginning August 18. Candidates should have strong oral and written
communication skills, being able to defend the Member’s positions to
constituents and outside groups.
Duties include:
-

Answering constituent phone calls

-

Sorting and batching incoming correspondence

-

Assisting legislative staff in drafting constituent outreach letters

Page 2 of 13

-

Leading tours of the US Capitol

-

Attending hearings and meetings

Candidates should e-mail meaghan.dowdy@mail.house.gov with
availability, a cover letter, and resume. No calls or drop-bys.
MEM-237-14

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is
seeking a full-time or part-time intern for the fall of 2014. This is an
opportunity to learn about the inner-workings of a congressional office
on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment. The internship allows
access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide range of
important issues. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol,
conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and
processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a
professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills,
the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the
legislative and governmental process. To apply, please send a resume,
contact information for three references, writing sample, and cover
letter to Jason.spear@mail.house.gov, with the subject Norton
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-236-14

Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer’s Washington, DC office is looking
for energetic and hard-working interns for the fall of 2014. Qualified
candidates should have an interest in American government and
working in a fast-paced political environment.
All interns are expected to effectively communicate with staff members
and constituents. Daily tasks include, but are not limited to;
administrative duties, leading tours of the United States Capitol
building, communicating with constituents and other offices on Capitol
Hill, attending hearings and meetings, writing briefings and memos,
conducting research, and experiencing the city of Washington, DC.
All internships are unpaid. However, if your college or university
offers credit hours we are happy to complete any necessary
evaluations. In addition, housing is not provided but assistance will be
offered.
If you are energetic, hard-working, and interested in a position in Rep.
Luetkemeyer’s Washington, DC office please contact Claire Trokey at
202-225-2956 or send your resume and a cover letter to
Claire.Trokey@mail.house.gov. A phone interview may be
required.

MEM-235-14

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is
Page 3 of 13

seeking a full-time or part-time Press and Social Media intern for the
fall of 2014. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to
compiling press clips, monitoring daily news, drafting talking points
and press releases, updating social media and working closely with the
communications director. The ideal candidate will have previous
experience in public relations or journalism, possess strong written
communications skills, ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
professional manner. Please note that the internship is unpaid and
housing is not provided, but student can qualify for
academic credit depending on the requirements of the college or
university. Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume,
short writing sample (in the form of a speech or press release) and dates
of availability with "Norton Internship" in the subject line to
Jason.spear@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-234-14

Congressman Lee Terry is looking for interns in our Washington D.C.
and Omaha offices. Internships in our Washington, D.C. and District
offices offer students an outstanding opportunity to learn about the
legislative process firsthand while working side by side with
experienced full-time staff. Many of our interns will attend hearings,
prepare legislative reports, research specific issues to respond to
constituent inquiries, process incoming mail and data entry, give
constituents tours of the Capitol, and perform general office duties.
We are looking for students or recent graduates who possess:
Excellent interpersonal skills
Academic Excellence
Desire to contribute through public service
Leadership skills
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to Andrew Schaus at:
Intern4lee@mail.house.gov

MEM-232-14

The office of Congressman Ted Poe (TX-2) is seeking interns for the
2014 Fall semester. Texas ties are preferred, but not necessary. Intern
will be responsible for answering phones, scheduling and guiding tours
and processing flag requests, among other duties. Interested applicants
should email a resume and cover letter to Michael Edwards at
michael.edwards@mail.house.gov or call 202-225-6565. Start and
end dates are flexible.

MEM-231-14

The office of Congressman Michael McCaul is looking for full time,
unpaid summer interns. Internships will start in August 15th and last
through the mid-December

Page 4 of 13

Interns in Congressman McCaul's Washington, D.C. office will be
responsible for assisting with general office duties (answering phones,
passing out mail, distributing faxes), and assisting legislative staff with
research and writing. Performing constituent services (scheduling tours,
processing flag requests, and legislative correspondence) will also be
an integral part of each internship. Interns will be encouraged to attend
hearings, briefings, and other Congressional proceedings. Additional
duties are available and will be assigned according to an intern’s
interest and ability.
Must be highly motivated, self-starter, detail oriented, possess excellent
organizational and communication skills, a strong work ethic, a positive
attitude and will have the ability to manage multiple tasks on a
deadline. Texas ties are preferred but are not required.
Please email resume and cover letter to
Brandon.Batch@mail.house.gov with "Congressional Internship" in
the email subject line. No phone calls please.
MEM-229-14

Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining
valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the
United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting
constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research,
assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. This internship is
unpaid.
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able
to find information with little assistance, be able to work both
independently as well as part of a team environment, and have strong
attention to detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of
current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American
Government. Wisconsin ties a plus.
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00
am-6:00 pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to
Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov by August 15th, 2014.

MEM-228-14

Congresswomen Katherine Clark (MA-05) is seeking full-time and
part-time interns for the fall 2014 semester to assist in performing
research, processing the mail, data entry, office reception duties and
other office errands. Requires good oral and written communication
skills; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; good
Page 5 of 13

organizational skills; and responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
Responsibilities include: performing research (CRS, the Library of
Congress, or other available resources); sorting and distributing mail;
attending committee meetings, briefings, and seminars; logging in
letters and constituent requests; answering the telephones; greeting
visitors and performing other duties as assigned by the Intern
Supervisor.
To apply, please email your resume, cover letter, and a writing sample
to RepClarkInternships@mail.house.gov. Your cover letter should
include the dates and times that you are available to intern.
MEM-227-14

U.S. Congressman Erik Paulsen’s office is currently accepting
applications for unpaid internships in the District office in Eden
Prairie, MN and the office in Washington, D.C. A Congressional
internship offers applicants an exciting opportunity to support staff,
while learning about the daily operations of the Legislative Branch.
Interns will assist the staff with constituent services, communications,
administrative tasks, and legislative research.
Congressman Paulsen’s Internship Program is designed primarily for
the educational benefit of the participant. Interns working in the District
Office have the opportunity to contribute to the office’s interaction with
the surrounding community through constituent services, local events,
and community meetings. Interns in the Washington, D.C. Office will
gain insight into the federal government and the legislative process by
working closely with staff, writing memos, assisting with constituent
correspondence and press, and attending hearings and briefings. The
D.C. Office is also looking for students interested in learning more
about press and working as an intern with the Congressman’s press
staff.
Candidates should have a strong work ethic, be highly organized and
motivated, and possess a positive attitude. This internship is unpaid, but
students are encouraged to seek college credit. Qualified applicants
should send their cover letter and resume to David Larson at
David.Larson@mail.house.gov.
Qualifications




MEM-224-14

Sophomore, junior or senior with a strong academic record
Evidence of effectiveness working independently and a
demonstrated self-starter
Excellent writing, research and interpersonal skills

The Office of Congresswoman Yvette Clarke is looking for prospective
Page 6 of 13

fellows to assist in the Capitol Hill Office for the fall and spring
semester. Fellows will work alongside staff members in the Capitol
Hill Office such as Shelley Davis, Chief of Staff, and Christina
McWilson, Intern/Fellow Coordinator and Scheduler.
Fellows will be hired to fill part-time or full-time positions, which
would consist of 4-5 days per weeks. Fellows will be required to work
a minimum of 12-15 hours per week. The duration of the fall semester
is from August 2014 to December 2014. The duration of the spring
semester is from January 2015 to May 2015. This position is open to
college students attending one of the local universities, such as Howard
University, George Washington University, Georgetown University,
and American University.
As a fellow, you will aid in the office as well as gain experience with
working in a congressional office. Fellows will be asked to complete
daily tasks such as answer phones, record constituent concerns, receive
and open packages, sort and deliver mail, as well as greet visitors and
offer water. Upon request, fellows will be asked to complete tasks such
as attend briefings, write memorandums, draft constituent letter
responses, book and give Capitol tours, book White House tours, as
well as order and pick-up supplies. Prospective fellows will be able to
begin applying for this position July 2014. All applicants should send a
copy of their resumes to NY09DCIntern1@mail.house.gov .
MEM-223-14

Congressman Jerry McNerney (CA-09) is currently accepting
applications for Fall semester internship positions in his Washington
D.C. office. This unpaid internship will provide valuable hands-on
experience in a Congressional office and a greater understanding of the
legislative process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol,
conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and
processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a
professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills,
the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the
legislative and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. All majors are encouraged
to apply. Ties to California’s Ninth Congressional District are
preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume
and cover letter to nick.sullivan@mail.house.gov with “CA-09
Internship” in the subject line. Include dates of availability.

MEM-222-14

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is accepting applications for
legislative internship positions available in his Washington D.C.
office for the upcoming Fall term. This unpaid internship will provide
Page 7 of 13

an invaluable hands-on experience in a Congressional office and a
greater understanding of the legislative process. Responsibilities will
include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings on
behalf of staff, giving tours of the Capitol, conducting research,
responding to constituent inquiries, and processing tour and flag
requests. Interns will also be given the opportunity to draft memos,
write letters, and become a team member in a fast-paced and collegial
office. Qualified applicants will possess a professional and courteous
demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
acute attention to detail, and interest in the legislative and governmental
process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students seeking Capitol
Hill experience. All majors are encouraged to apply. Ties to New
York’s Fifth Congressional District are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample to Jordan.Morris@mail.house.gov with “Your Last
Name-Internship App” in the subject line. Please also include dates and
times of availability.
MEM-221-14

Congressman Kurt Schrader (OR-05) is seeking undergraduate and
recent post-graduate students for an internship in his Washington, DC,
office during the fall semester.
The responsibilities of a Congressional intern primarily focus on
helping the Congressman communicate with his 700,000-plus
constituents. Interns will assist the team with phones, mail, tours of the
U.S. Capitol Building, and related front office duties. Additional tasks,
including drafting correspondence, research projects, and attending
hearings may be assigned on a case by case basis.
Candidates should possess excellent communication skills (both verbal
and written) and an understanding of the functions of the United States
Congress. Ideal candidates are positive, energetic, and eager to assist
with the legislative and administrative needs of the staff. The internship
is unpaid; both full-time and part-time positions are available. Oregon
ties are preferred.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to Julia Stafford
at julia.stafford@mail.house.gov.

MEM-220-14

Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is currently seeking a full-time
intern to start the first week of September with a flexible end date.
Ideal candidates have excellent writing and research skills, a positive
attitude, and a willingness to complete tasks as assigned. Intern
responsibilities include researching and writing Congressional
Page 8 of 13

correspondence, helping constituents find information and fielding
constituent phone calls. This internship also provides the opportunity to
work closely with staff members and assist in various
projects. Washington ties are preferred, but are not required. If
interested, please send a resume, cover letter and two references to:
taylor.paquette@mail.house.gov. Please include “WA-02 Internship”
in the subject line.
MEM-219-14

Ohio Republican seeks full time hard working interns for Fall 2014.
Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls,
assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending
various briefings, providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified
candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication
skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an
interest in learning more about the legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly
preferred.

MEM-218-14

Fall Internship Opportunity- Congressman Amodei’s Washington, D.C.
Office
A congressional internship on Capitol Hill provides students with the
unique opportunity to cultivate research and writing skills while
gaining important professional experience. Interns in Congressman
Amodei’s office will work closely with staff to learn about the
legislative process.
Responsibilities include:
 Answering phones
 Legislative research
 Providing historical tours of the US Capitol for constituents
 Attending committee hearings and briefings
 Assisting staff with special projects

MEM-217-14

To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to Lauren Currie at
Lauren.Currie@mail.house.gov.
The office of Congressman Raul Labrador (ID-01) is currently seeking
unpaid interns in the Washington, D.C. office for fall 2014. Start/stop
dates are flexible. Basic intern responsibilities include, but are not
limited to, answering phones, sorting mail, conducting tours of the U.S.
Capitol, and assisting staff on various projects. Interns will have the
opportunity to attend briefings and hearings of interest and see
firsthand how a congressional office operates. Ideal candidates will
have excellent research and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and
Page 9 of 13

interact well with constituents. College students and recent graduates
will be considered. Course credit is available. Interested candidates
should direct their resume and cover letter
to Alexa.walker@mail.house.gov.
MEM-216-14

The office of Congressman Buck McKeon (CA-25), Chairman, of the
House Armed Services Committee, is seeking unpaid Interns for the
Fall 2014 semester. Preference will be given to interns available to start
by the beginning of August. Main responsibilities include answering
phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
researching legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as
needed. There will also be opportunities to attend receptions and
seminars that interest you. Candidates should be self-motivated,
enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate. This is a great opportunity
for college students seeking academic credit. Applicants must be able
to make a minimum commitment of four days a week. California ties a
plus, but not required. Please e-mail your cover letter and resume to
Zach Fisher at Zach.Fisher@mail.house.gov.

MEM-210-14

Representative Bill Johnson (OH-06) is currently seeking 2014 fall
interns starting in August with flexible end dates. Responsibilities will
mostly include, but are not limited to: greeting guests in the front
office, answering phones, giving Capitol tours, attending and
summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff, and
performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are
not required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the
availability or school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please
send a resume and cover letter to: intern.oh06@gmail.com. Please
indicate your anticipated start and end dates. Please no phone calls or
drop-ins.

MEM-209-14

Fall 2014 Intern for NY Congresswoman
Congresswoman Carolyn McCarthy (NY-04) is currently seeking
interns for the 2014 fall semester in her Washington, DC office.
Qualified candidates will possess an interest in the legislative process,
excellent writing and communication skills, and a desire to work in the
fast-paced environment of Capitol Hill. Ideal candidates will be
professional, dependable, highly motivated, and adept at multi-tasking.
Responsibilities will include – but are not limited to – communicating
with constituents via phone, drafting constituent correspondence,
performing research requests, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, and
administrative work. Interns will also work closely with staff and have
the opportunity to attend briefings, hearings, and other events on
Capitol Hill.
Page 10 of 13

Students or recent graduates with ties to New York State – especially
the Fourth Congressional District and Long Island – are encouraged to
apply. Full- and part-time candidates will be considered. The internship
is unpaid.
To apply, please send a cover letter stating your availability, a resume,
and a short 1-2 page writing sample to Sam Mayper at
Sam.Mayper@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2014 internship” in the
subject line.
MEM-208-14

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and
Technology is seeking interns for the end of the summer and fall.
Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee
hearings and markups. Interns will work on substantive research
projects and press matters. Additionally, interns are critical to the daily
operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones,
greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/contact-us. Please fill out the
application provided and send in a resume and two references.

MEM-206-14

California Democratic Representative seeks Fall 2014 Intern
Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated
intern to join his Washington, DC office for the period August through
November. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners,
and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication
skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include
assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and
meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US
Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and
managing tour and flag requests. Full-time candidates with California
ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged
to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-205-14

Press Internship - A Western Democratic Congressional Office seeks
a motivated, organized, and reliable college student or recent graduate
wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for a full-time, 10-week, unpaid
press internship in Washington, D.C. The position is
available immediately. The press intern will help create graphics,
develop press lists, send clips, prepare speeches, draft statements, and
social media content. Please send a single PDF file containing your
resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample (preferably a press
Page 11 of 13

release or speech excerpt) to NV04internships@gmail.com. Please
include in the body of the email a 3-5 sentence pitch for yourself: Why
do you want to work on the Hill? Why should we choose you?
MEM-204-14

Nevada Congressman Steven Horsford is seeking current college
students or recent college graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill
experience for a full-time or part-time semester internship to begin in
August and/or September 2014.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist
the legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such
duties include assisting the legislative and communications staff,
attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, doing legislative research and
various other tasks. The internship is unpaid, though interns will gain
valuable Hill and office experience and will have access to many
unique Hill opportunities. Nevada and District 4 ties are preferred, but
not necessary.
Please send a resume and cover letter with anticipated start dates to
NV04Internships@gmail.com. Please no drop bys or phone calls.

MEM-203-14

Democratic Member of Congress seeks a responsible, focused, selfmotivated, enthusiastic, and organized Intern. Positions are available
starting in August, and applications will be considered on a rolling
basis. Duties will include, but are not limited to: answering phones,
processing mail, researching issues, drafting correspondence, attending
hearings and briefings, and maintaining a professional atmosphere.
Strong writing and effective communication skills, as well as the ability
to multi-task, are necessary. Although internships are unpaid positions,
interns are treated as full participants in the Congressional office. If you
are interested, e-mail a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and
contact info for three references to Parker Low at
Parker.Low@mail.house.gov.

MEM-202-14

Congressman C.A. Dutch Ruppersberger is seeking interns for his
District Office in Timonium for the Fall school semester. Interns will
assist the Congressman and his staff in the overall day-to-day
operations of the office by drafting letters of correspondence,
processing mail, answering telephones, greeting visitors, and other
duties as needed.
We are a small but fast-paced office and every effort will be made to
give interns a worthwhile learning experience. Our internship positions
are part-time and unpaid. A minimum time commitment is required.
Candidates should be professional, possess strong oral and written
Page 12 of 13

communication skills, and have the ability to multitask. Only applicants
with Maryland ties will be considered.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and a short
writing sample by July 31st to David.Heitlinger@mail.house.gov with
Fall 2014 Internship in the subject line.
MEM-200-14

Internships – Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District
seeks unpaid interns to fill positions for September through December
2014. Main responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail,
drafting constituent correspondence letters, researching legislative
issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be
opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates
should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate
(with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity
for college students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are
preferred. Please e-mail your cover letter, resume, and references to
Samuel Grossman at samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-199-14

The Office of Congresswoman Maxine Waters (CA-43) is seeking a
full-time or part-time press and social media intern for the fall of
2014 in her Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include, but
are not limited to compiling press clips, monitoring daily news, drafting
talking points and press releases, updating social media and working
closely with the communications director. The ideal candidate will
have previous experience in public relations or journalism, possess
strong written communications skills, ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and professional manner. Please note that the internship is
unpaid and housing is not provided, but student can qualify for
academic credit depending on the requirements of the college or
university. Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume,
short writing sample (in the form of a speech or press release) and dates
of availability with "Fall Press Intern 2014" in the subject line to
latoya.veal@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

Page 13 of 13

