________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 25, 2016
MEM-230-16

The D.C. office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from Washington’s 6th
district, is looking for personable, diligent full or part-time interns to start for the
upcoming late summer/fall term. This is an opportunity to learn about the innerworkings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment.
The internship allows access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide
range of important issues. Responsibilities include assisting with constituent
correspondence, producing daily press clips, and leading tours of the Capitol.
This is a unique opportunity and prime for students or recent grads who are
interested in learning about the legislative process or may eventually want to
work for the federal government. To apply, please send a resume, contact
information for two references, and a cover letter outlining your interest in the
position to nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within
a week. Those with Washington state ties strongly encouraged to apply. We look
forward to hearing from you!

MEM-229-16

Congressman Jim Langevin (D-RI) is seeking full and part-time interns for the
fall 2016 semester. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative
work while gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties
include providing constituent services, attending policy briefings and committee
Page 1 of 14

hearings, performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on
various projects of interest. Rhode Island ties are preferred but not required.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented; responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively in a team setting; possess strong oral and
written communications skills; and are committed to public service. All
internships are unpaid. To apply: send a resume, cover letter, two brief writing
samples, and dates of availability to kerry.mckittrick@mail.house.gov.
MEM-228-16

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking highly
motivated and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for
the 2016 fall internship program. The internship is scheduled to run from August
22 to December 16. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process,
excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will
mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not
required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or
school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover
letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2016 Fall Internship" in the subject line.
No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-227-16

New York Republican seeks qualified applicants for an unpaid full-time
internship in Washington, DC office. Duties include, but are not limited to,
administrative tasks, answering phones, providing Capitol tours, logging and
drafting constituent correspondence, and conducting research for legislative staff.
The ideal candidate must be a self-starter, exhibit strong oral and written
communication skills, and possess proficient research abilities. New York ties a
plus but not required. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume,
and brief writing sample to nygopjoblisting@mail.house.gov.

MEM-226-16

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks a motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professional with excellent oral and written
communication skills for an intern position in the Washington, DC office.
Individuals should demonstrate strong interpersonal skills and the ability to
manage multiple tasks, possess strong computing skills, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, organizing and managing the front
office, greeting constituents and visitors, assisting legislative staff with research,
attending congressional briefings and participating in hearing preparation;
assisting with the planning, preparation and execution of Member events and
appearances, answering constituent correspondence, and other duties as
necessary.

Page 2 of 14

Please submit cover letter and resume to: alex.huang@mail.house.gov
MEM-225-16

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a full-time
unpaid legislative intern for our Washington, D.C. office this fall.
Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written communication
skills and a positive attitude, and possess a strong interest in learning about the
legislative process and congressional affairs. A background in national security
issues in the Middle East and/or East Asia is strongly preferred. Graduate
students and undergraduates are both welcome to apply.
The individual will support the legislative team on the Congresswoman's work on
the House Armed Services Committee, as well as assist in the day-to-day
operations of the office by supporting members of staff with legislative research,
constituent services, and administrative activities.

MEM-224-16

Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this internship is
unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page
writing sample to Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please
.
The Office of Congressman Don Beyer (VA-08) is accepting applications for
full-time, unpaid internships starting this September in his Washington, DC
office. Candidates should possess good writing skills, prudent judgement,
knowledge of the federal government and the legislative process, and willingness
to assist the staff on a wide range of tasks. Ties to Virginia’s 8th Congressional
district a plus. To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and a 1-2 page
writing sample to Pablo.Sierra@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or phone calls
please.

MEM-223-16

The office of Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is looking for interns for
the 2016 Fall semester (August 22nd-December16th) in our Washington, D.C.
office. We are seeking highly qualified candidates that are motivated, detailoriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research and
writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents. Interns
will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the
legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include
answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and supporting the legislative and communication staff on
various projects. Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out
any necessary forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or
university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates
should email a resume and cover letter to Jordan Garcia at
Jordan.garcia@mail.house.gov.

MEM-222-16

Congresswoman Elizabeth H. Esty’s Washington, D.C. office is currently seeking
unpaid interns for fall 2016 where interns will gain valuable exposure to and
Page 3 of 14

knowledge of the legislative process, communications, and the United States
Congress.
Duties include:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Greeting constituents and answering phones
• Drafting social media posts and press releases
• Performing legislative research
• Leading tours of the Capitol
• Attending policy briefings and meetings
• Conducting research and additional tasks to assist the communications and
legislative teams
Qualifications: An ardent desire to help others is required. We are seeking hardworking and detail-oriented college students with outstanding communication
and time management skills. Applicants should have an ability to work in a fastpaced environment, have basic computer skills, possess excellent writing skills,
and have an enthusiastic attitude. Interns are accepted throughout the year on both
a full and part-time (at least 15 hours/week) basis. District ties preferred but not
required.
To apply for an internship in the DC office, please submit a cover letter, resume,
and a brief writing sample to Conor.Douglass@mail.house.gov. If you have any
questions, please contact Conor Douglass at (202) 225-4476. We are currently
accepting fall 2016 internship applications. The deadline to apply is August 26,
2016.
Internships are available expressly for the purpose of furthering educational
objectives; therefore they are unpaid and usually awarded to those enrolled in
accredited educational institutions.
Thank you for your interest. We welcome your participation and look forward to
receiving your application.
MEM-221-16

The Washington, DC, office of a high profile Member of Congress has unpaid
Press internship openings to begin immediately through November. Press interns
are expected to work long hours and commit between 3-5 days per week.
Internship duties include, but are not limited to compiling and daily clips, drafting
press releases and op-eds, proofreading and editing, maintaining press lists,
updating Member's communications calendar, website and social media
platforms. Intern may also assist with answering phones, incoming and outgoing
mail, addressing constituent concerns, and assisting the Legislative/District office
staff. Strong writing skills are needed. Additionally, graphic design experience
and a strong understanding of new media and social media platforms is
recommended. Candidates with video editing experience are a plus. Priority will
be given to those with journalism or communications education/experience. The
Page 4 of 14

ideal candidate will be creative, motivated, mature, detail-orientated, and possess
the ability to multi-task under high pressure. This is a great opportunity for
college students and recent graduates. Women and minorities, especially those
with Spanish language fluency, are highly encouraged to apply. To apply for the
position, please send your cover letter, resume, writing sample, and graphic/video
portfolio (if applicable; hyperlinks ok) addressed to the Comm. Director at
ny13intern@gmail.com with the subject: Press Intern.
MEM-220-16

Congressman Keith Ellison (D-MN) seeks a Legislative Fellow for a fast-paced
and busy Washington, DC congressional office. The fellow will work on
numerous issues which may include financial services, labor, energy and
environment, small business, Native American, arts and humanities, budget and
appropriations and other areas of interest. Ideal candidates must have strong
writing and verbal briefing skills, analytical skills and a proactive approach to
current issues. The fellow should be punctual, responsible and trust-worthy.
Candidates should have sharp attention to detail, good time management skills, a
positive attitude and commitment to progressive policies. This is an unpaid
fellowship although we will work with programs which provide stipends for
fellows. The position begins in August/September and runs through December.
Please send cover letter, resumé and writing sample by August 12, to
MN05fellow@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-219-16

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Donovan (NY-11) is seeking
applications for full- or part-time, unpaid interns for the Fall semester. The
internship is scheduled to run from late-August/early September to early
December, but the months of the internship can vary depending on the
availability or school schedule of the applicant, if need be. Applicants must be
willing to work at least two full days a week. Candidates should possess interest
in the legislative process, excellent organizational and communication skills, and
attention to detail. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering
phones, talking with constituents, scheduling and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol,
attending and summarizing briefings and hearings for legislative staff, and
supporting the office with any additional duties. Interested candidates should
email a current resume and a list of three references, with the subject line “Fall
Internship” to NY11Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-218-16

Congressman Tony Cárdenas is seeking interns to join his Washington, D.C.
team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting as soon as possible, for a
duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: attending briefings and writing memos, assisting
with scheduling, answering phone calls, processing mail and tour requests, and
Page 5 of 14

leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hard-working intern in our office will move
on to assisting staff with more complex, legislative and press-related projects.
Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email resume and cover letter in PDF format to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-215-16

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this fall.
Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest in the
legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties.
Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience are
strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-214-16

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is
seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the
Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Fall 2016
semester.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff
to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital
content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips, drafting
press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as photography or
graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with aggregating news clips
at 8:00 am and ends at 4:00 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on
Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major
legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of
activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if
applicable, a portfolio sample to Frances Carrion at
NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact
James at 202-225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-213-16

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is
offering fall internship opportunities for college students and recent college
graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s office
provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and implementation
of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to constituents,

Page 6 of 14

attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching various issues
for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and
together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to
increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal
government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative
process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s
position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing
sample to Frances Carrion at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please
do not hesitate to contact Frances at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
MEM-211-16

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office this fall. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-210-16

The office of Congressman Bill Posey [FL-08] is currently seeking highly
motivated and organized applicants for a full-time or part-time unpaid internship
for the 2016 fall internship program. The internship is scheduled to run from
August to December, but the months of the internship may vary depending on the
availability or school schedule of the applicant. The internship program is open to
college students and recent graduates who are interested in learning more about
our country’s legislative process and the day-to-day operations of a congressional
office. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol and performing various administrative tasks. Florida ties are preferred,
but are not required. The deadline to apply is July 31, 2016. If interested, please
send a resume to FloridaConservativeRepublican@gmail.com with "2016 Fall
Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.
Page 7 of 14

MEM-208-16

The Office of Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks full time intern starting
in the beginning of August 2016. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to,
answering phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent
tours, attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication
skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest
in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.

MEM-207-16

Congressman Gerald Connolly seeks applicants for an internship in his
Washington D.C. Office for Fall 2016 (late August to January). Main
responsibilities include (but are not limited to) answering the phones, sorting
mail, drafting constituent correspondence, arranging tours, conducting legislative
research for staff, attending Congressional hearings with staff, and performing
other administrative tasks as needed.
Applicants should be reliable and detail-oriented, and possess a professional and
courteous demeanor, strong verbal and written communication skills, and the
ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Ties to the 11th District of
Virginia are preferred, but not required.
To apply for this internship please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to va11.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-206-16

Congressman Tony Cárdenas is seeking a Press Intern to join his Washington,
D.C. team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting as soon as possible,
for a duration of three months or longer. The Press Intern will learn many of the
basic skills it takes to become a communications professional in a dynamic and
exciting environment. They will become involved in all core activities of the
communications team and day-to-day tasks to help integrate them into the office.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a good sense of humor are essential. Photo or
video editing skills a plus.
Main responsibilities will include:
• Social media monitoring
• News monitoring
• Drafting various press materials
• Writing newsletter excerpts
• Researching targeted press lists
• Staffing the Congressman at events and media interviews

Page 8 of 14

Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Internships are awarded on an equal opportunity basis; women, minorities, and
people with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail resume and cover letter with your availability in PDF format to
Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov. The subject line should read as follows “Press
Intern Application.”
MEM-205-16

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated,
flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a
preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus,
but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
1-2 page writing sample to michelle.serrato@mail.house.gov.

MEM-204-16

The Office of Rep. Scott Rigell (VA-02) is seeking politically Conservative
unpaid Fall 2016 interns in their Washington, DC, office to begin in
August/September and continue through December. The Office seeks an
outgoing, enthusiastic person with at least 3 days/week availability who would
like experience working in a Congressional Office. Virginia ties are a plus but not
required. Interested persons should submit resume to
Julie.Moorhead@mail.house.gov.

MEM-202-16

Moderate Southern Democrat seeks applicants for part-time and full-time unpaid
congressional internships in Washington, DC. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents,
assisting constituents and visitors to the office, assisting with day-to-day
operations at the office, answering phones, leading tours of the US Capitol,
maintaining constituency database, running errands and performing basic
administrative tasks. Candidates should possess superior written and verbal
communication skills and an interest in learning the intricacies of the legislative
process. Part-time interns will be expected to commit to at least two full day
shifts (9:00am to 6:00pm) per week, Monday through Friday. Ties to Florida are
preferred, though not required. Interested parties should submit a resume as well
as two professional references to Internship.FL@gmail.com with “Last Name,
First Name” in the subject line.

Page 9 of 14

MEM-201-16

Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for Fall 2016. We are seeking motivated, organized,
and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with dayto-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving
Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative
research and analysis, and various other tasks. Nevada ties are strongly
encouraged but not required. Please send resume and cover letter with dates of
availability to Catherine.chrobak@mail.house.gov.

MEM-200-16

The office of Congressman Don Beyer is accepting applications for full-time
unpaid internships beginning this early September in his Washington, DC office.
Candidates should be eager to learn, self-motivated, with prudent judgment, with
knowledge of politics, and a good sense of humor. The proximity of Virginia's
8th District means that there is a substantial amount of work in the areas of press,
legislative research, and constituent services, and our interns get experience with
a wide variety of responsibilities. To apply, please email resume, cover letter, and
a 1-2 page writing sample to Pablo.Sierra@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls
please.

MEM-198-16

The office of Representative Bruce Poliquin is accepting applications for
internships in Washington, D.C. for Fall 2016. The internship will offer students
and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process.
Interns work side by side with experienced full-time staff, and play an integral
part in the daily operations of the office. A typical day for our interns includes
welcoming folks to the office, researching legislation for the Congressman and
policy staff, and answering constituent calls and letters on various issues before
the House. Ties to Maine are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates
should send their resume and cover letter to Poliquin.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-197-16

The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an experienced
unpaid communications intern to assist with day-to-day operations and special
projects in the Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be soon-to-be or
recent college graduates with a preferred major in PR, Journalism, English, or
Communications. Interested applicants must be able to commit to at least 30
hours per week. Qualified candidates will have excellent writing skills, a positive
attitude and a sense of humor. Photoshop experience is a plus. Intern
responsibilities will include monitoring news on relevant policy areas and
compile media reports, drafting social media posts and graphics on legislation,
issue positions, and news items. Interns will also help brainstorm creative ways to
concisely convey complex policy initiatives, draft press material, proof and edit
documents from Senior Staff, and assist the Communications Director with
special projects. Interested candidates should send their resume and two brief
writing samples to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com. Writing samples may
include: press release, advisory, professional Facebook post and corresponding
tweet, school newspaper article, etc.
Page 10 of 14

MEM-196-16

The office of Congressman Ted W. Lieu is seeking 2016 Fall interns. General
intern responsibilities include: Answering telephones, data entry, responding to
constituent requests, assisting with special projects such as legislative research,
assisting with constituent casework, and other miscellaneous tasks. Skills
required include: Effective and professional phone manner, computer experience,
good typing ability, punctuality, attention to detail, ability to follow instructions,
ability to complete tasks efficiently and thoroughly, maturity, empathy,
professionalism, and discretion. This internship is unpaid. Congressman Lieu
supports students requesting credit for their internship through their school or
university. The deadlines for each internship session are as follows: SpringDecember 9th, Summer- April 1st, Fall- July 29th. Preference will be given to
residents of CA-33.
If you would like to apply for our internship program please send your resume,
cover letter, and writing sample to internship.lieu@mail.house.gov with your
name and the term in the subject line. If you have any questions regarding the
application, please contact the Intern Coordinator, Ashley Fumiko Dominguez at
internship.lieu@mail.house.gov or 323-651-1040.

MEM-195-16

The office of a western Republican House member is looking for an unpaid
intern for Fall 2016. Candidates should be hardworking, detail-oriented, and
professional with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities
will include, but are not limited to, providing general constituent services in the
form of answering phone calls and sorting mail, leading Capitol tours, conducting
research for staff members, drafting constituent correspondence, and attending
hearings. Interested candidates should send their resume, a cover letter, and a
brief writing sample to WesternStateIntern@gmail.com.

MEM-193-16

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) is seeking
enthusiastic and motivated interns for Fall 2016.
The ideal candidates will interact well with constituents, be able to multitask, and
have a strong interest in public service. Excellent research and writing skills are
crucial. Arizona ties are a plus, but not required.
Interns will have the opportunity to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and
learn firsthand about the workings of a Congressional office. Responsibilities
include answering the phone, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with
constituent correspondence, and attending briefings and hearings. Internships are
unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms for students to receive
academic credit.
Interested applicants should submit an application including a cover letter,
resume, and a 2-5 page writing sample at
https://rubengallego.house.gov/services/internships. Cover letters should include
Page 11 of 14

days and times the applicants will be available during the internship period;
writing samples may be excerpts of larger works.
Interns will begin mid to late-August, depending on their availability, and end in
December. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis, and qualified
candidates will be contacted for an interview.
MEM-192-16

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for
the Fall Semester in the Capitol Hill office. Interns will have the opportunity to
attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the
constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent
services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First
Congressional District are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should
e-mail their resume and cover letter to jordan1.wilson@mail.house.gov before
July 22, 2016.

MEM-191-16

The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking fulltime interns for fall of 2016 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates
would be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and
communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent
correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are
unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants.
The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well
as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be
willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more
about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
wi06resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-190-16

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as
recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its
Fall 2016 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member
services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support.
Please note that this is an unpaid internship. Interested applicants should send a

Page 12 of 14

cover letter, resume, and available hours to intern.CHADEM@mail.house.gov
with the subject headline, “CHA Dem Internship.”
MEM-187-16

Rep. Earl Blumenauer, D-Ore., is seeking full or part-time interns for Fall 2016.
This is a fast-paced office, where successful applicants will perform substantive
and administrative work in Congress while gaining valuable career and
educational experience. Duties include, but are not limited to:
• Providing constituent services (answering phones, sorting physical and
electronic mail, greeting visitors in the office, and more).
• Giving Capitol tours.
• Legislative research and writing.
• Attending legislative briefings and committee hearings.
• Completing special projects for staff.
Successful applicants will demonstrate these qualities:
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• An ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
• Strong organizational skills.
• Dependability and a strong work ethic.
• A sense of humor.
Oregon ties are preferred, but not required. All internships are unpaid. Please email your resume and cover letter to jon.bosworth@mail.house.gov.
About Rep. Blumenauer: A lifelong resident of Portland, Oregon, Representative
Earl Blumenauer (OR-03) has devoted his entire career to public service. While
still a student at Lewis and Clark College, he spearheaded the effort to lower the
voting age both in Oregon and at the national level. He was elected to the Oregon
Legislature in 1972, where he served three terms and Chaired the House
Education and Revenue Committee in 1977-78. In 1978, he was elected to the
Multnomah County Commission, where he served for eight years before being
elected to the Portland City Council in 1986. There, his 10-year tenure as the
Commissioner of Public Works demonstrated his leadership on the innovative
accomplishments in transportation, planning, environmental programs and public
participation that have helped Portland earn an international reputation as one of
America’s most livable cities.
Elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1996, Representative
Blumenauer has created a unique role as Congress’ chief spokesperson for
Livable Communities: places where people are safe, healthy and economically
secure. He is a strong advocate for federal policies that address transportation
alternatives, provide housing choices, support sustainable economies, and
improve the environment. Representative Blumenauer sits on the Ways and
Means Committee, giving him a unique platform from which to initiate and
legislation that addresses and mitigates the effects of global warming while also
advancing his priorities of honest trade, financing critical infrastructure, building

Page 13 of 14

livable communities in a global economy, and ensuring economic security for
working families.
MEM-186-16

The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is currently
accepting applications for Fall 2016. Intern responsibilities include researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings,
answering phones, day to day office duties, and answering constituent letters on
various issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session. Interested
applicants should submit a resume and cover letter to
MeehanDCIntern@gmail.com. The deadline to apply is July 29, 2016. Ties to
Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District are preferred, but not required.

MEM-185-16

Senior Democratic member of Congress has openings for full-time and part-time
interns to support our administrative, legislative, and press teams.
Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending legislative
briefings and hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail, giving
Capitol tours, assisting with communications and media materials.
Applicants should be enthusiastic, reliable, professional, hardworking, and have
strong writing and communication skills. Washington D.C. ties are required.
Internships begin in late August/early September and run through the Fall
semester. These positions are unpaid. Interested candidates should submit a
resume, cover letter, and one-page writing sample to
Camilo.Manjarres@mail.house.gov by July 18. Location: Washington, D.C.

Page 14 of 14

