________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 23, 2015

MEM-068-15

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office from March through June. Candidates should be
collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral
and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings,
answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a
resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-067-15

The Republican office of the Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and
public policy, to apply for its full-time Summer 2015 internship program.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
Page 1 of 12

first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone
inquiries, and providing support to all Committee staff. This is a paid internship.
To apply, please send a cover letter, one page resume, and a writing sample to
CHARep.Intern@mail.house.gov with “2015 Summer Internship” in the subject
line.
MEM-066-15

Democratic Member of the House seeks an unpaid intern for their DC office.
Responsibilities include assisting staff with general office duties, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones,
researching legislative issues, giving Capitol tours, greeting visitors and
performing various other tasks. Candidate should be energetic, enthusiastic and
able to thrive in a fast-paced working environment. Strong communication skills
are a must. Candidates should have a general understanding of the governmental
process, knowledge of North Carolina, and interest in the legislative process. If
interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample via email to:
nc12internjobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or walk-ins. Minorities,
LGBT and women encouraged to apply, North Carolina ties preferred but not
required.

MEM-064-15

Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks full time hard working intern for
immediate hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone
calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending
various briefings, providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates
will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work
in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about
the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.

MEM-063-15

The House Committee on Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific
seeks interns for the spring 2015 term.
The subcommittee intern is expected to be motivated and entrepreneurial, have
strong written and oral communication skills, be detail-oriented, technically
savvy, and perform a variety of tasks. The intern will assist with daily
subcommittee operations such as research, database maintenance, fact checking,
content editing, and proofreading. The intern will also assist with preparation and
execution of subcommittee hearings such as conducting research and analysis,
scheduling, and organizing documents for staff and members.
Proactive interns will be able to take advantage of this opportunity by
participation in hearings, briefings, and meetings, as well as other opportunities to
enhance their knowledge of Asia policy and professional life on Capitol Hill.
Interns are expected to demonstrate a high level of professionalism and
Page 2 of 12

reliability. All internships are unpaid.
Information about the subcommittee’s membership and recent activities can be
found at http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/subcommittees/asia-and-pacific.
Interested candidates should send a resume and a cover letter explaining interest
in the subcommittee’s work and qualifications for the position to
hfac.asia.internship@gmail.com. Applications are due by March 13, 2015.
MEM-062-15

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid press
internship for Summer 2015. Duties will include tracking press clips and traffic
on social media networks, updating and maintaining press contact lists,
maintaining website, and assisting with the office’s day-to-day communications
operation. Applicants should have a strong interest in political communications,
news media, or journalism. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to md06.internships@mail.house.gov by March 24th with “Summer Press
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-061-15

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Summer 2015. Duties will include conducting
legislative research for staff, drafting memos on hearings and briefings, assisting
with front office duties, answer constituent correspondence on matters related to
the House, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit
strong writing and communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to
Maryland are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to
md06.internships@mail.house.gov by March 24th with “Summer Congressional
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-060-15

The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Buddy Carter (GA-01) is
currently seeking applicants for the remainder of the spring semester.
Internships are available to qualified college students seeking college credit or
recent college graduates. Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional
and educational value to participants as well as an understanding of our federal
legislative process. Georgia ties are preferred, but they are not required.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: providing tours of the Capitol,
answering phones, helping staff process constituents’ mail and inquiries. Other
responsibilities may include assisting staff with legislative research, writing
meeting briefings, and attending committee hearings. Candidates should possess
an interest in the legislative process, strong communication skills, along with a
motivation and organization. If you are interested in being considered for an
internship, please send your resume, cover letter, and any relevant writing
samples to Hart.Thompson@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.

MEM-057-15

Moderate Southern Democrat seeks applicants for part-time and full-time unpaid
congressional internships in Washington, DC. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents,
Page 3 of 12

assisting constituents and visitors to the office, assisting with day-to-day
operations at the office, answering phones, leading tours of The US Capitol,
running errands and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates should
possess superior written and verbal communication skills and an interest in
learning the intricacies of the legislative process. Part-time interns will be
expected to commit to at least two full day shifts (9:00am to 6:00pm) per week,
Monday through Friday. Ties to Florida are preferred, though not required.
Interested parties should submit a resume as well as two professional references
to FloridaDemResumeRepository@gmail.com.
MEM-056-15

Congressman Kurt Schrader’s Washington, D.C. office is now accepting
internship applications for the spring term. Interns will be responsible for
assisting the team with phones, mail, tours, flag-requests, and related front office
duties. Additional tasks, including drafting correspondence, research projects, and
attending hearings may be assigned on a case by case basis. Undergraduate and
post-graduate students are eligible to apply. Positions are unpaid and serve to
provide professional and educational value to participants, but students have the
opportunity to gain academic credit. Oregon ties are preferred. If interested,
please contact our office at Julia.Stafford@mail.house.gov with "Spring
Internship" in the subject line. Please include cover letter, resume and a writing
sample.

MEM-055-15

Congressman Ron Kind (WI-03), a member of the House Ways & Means
Committee, seeks full or part-time interns to start immediately in his
Washington, DC office. Primary responsibilities include issue and legislative
research, writing constituent mail, composing statements and press releases,
administrative duties, and various other assignments. Washington, DC interns
will have the opportunity to attend staff issue briefings and committee hearings to
gain firsthand knowledge of how the legislative process works. The position is
unpaid and interns are responsible for finding their own housing. Preference is for
an individual who can work full-time from now through June but will also
consider a flexible part-time schedule. Wisconsin ties are preferred, but not
necessary. If interested, please send cover letter and resume to
alex.eveland@mail.house.gov.

MEM-054-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04) seeks a
highly motivated part-time intern to begin immediately for Winter/Spring 2015.
Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented,
and professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will:
answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the
US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative
research.

Page 4 of 12

Please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
michael.trujillo@mail.house.gov. Candidates with Oregon ties are strongly
encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-053-15

The office of Congressman Ken Buck (CO-04) is seeking an intern to start
immediately. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone
calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, drafting
correspondence, attending various briefings, providing research for the legislative
staff, and assisting front office staff. Applicants should have strong conservative
values, exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, a committed work
ethic, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative process.
Interested candidates should email their resume to
Nicole.Kirsch@mail.house.gov.

MEM-051-15

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a full- or parttime national security intern for our Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should
be well organized, have good oral and written communication skills, and possess
a strong interest in learning about the legislative process, homeland security,
defense, and intelligence issues. The intern will assist in the day-to-day
operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting members of staff with
constituent communication, and will also assist with legislative research and
administrative activities. National security policy experience and Hawaii ties are
appreciated but not necessary. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter detailing availability
to Christine.Wagner@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-050-15

Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for February through May 2015. Main responsibilities include
answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
researching legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There
will also be opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest.
Candidates should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate
(with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred. Please e-mail your
cover letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at
samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-047-15

The DC office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from Washington’s 6th
district, is looking for personable, diligent full or part-time interns to start for the
upcoming Spring term. This is an opportunity to learn about the inner-workings
of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment. The
internship allows access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide range
of important issues. Responsibilities include assisting with constituent
correspondence, producing daily press clips, and leading tours of the Capitol.
This is a unique opportunity and prime for students or recent grads who are
interested in learning about the legislative process or may eventually want to
Page 5 of 12

work for the federal government. To apply please send a resume, contact
information for two references, and a cover letter outlining your interest in the
position to nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within
a week. Those with Washington state ties strongly encouraged to apply. We look
forward to hearing from you!
MEM-046-15

New York Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) is seeking unpaid interns for the
spring semester, preferably to begin in mid February and finish in late June.
Interns will:
• Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting incoming mail,
greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
• Assist in the preparation of constituent responses.
• Perform legislative research.
• Respond to requests from constituents.
• Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
• Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the federal legislative process.
Congressman Jerrold Nadler represents New York's 10th Congressional District,
which includes the residents of most of the Upper West Side, Lower Manhattan
and sections of Brooklyn. Congressman Nadler serves on the Judiciary
Committee and on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, where he is
the highest ranking member from New York. He is the Ranking member of The
Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet.
To Apply:
Please e-mail or fax a resume, brief cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample to:
Email: Janice.Siegel@mail.house.gov
Fax: 202-225-6923

MEM-042-15

The Office of Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson is seeking unpaid interns
to start immediately in the Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities include
assisting the administrative and legislative staff with writing, legislative research,
constituent services, and attending various briefings and hearings. Candidates
should be self-motivated, detail oriented, and possess strong oral and written
communication skills. This is an excellent opportunity to gain experience on
Capitol Hill while learning about the legislative process. Texas ties are preferred,
but not required. If you are interested in this internship opportunity, please e-mail
a cover letter, resume, references and a short writing sample to
Nawaid.Ladak@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or walk-ins.

MEM-039-15

Congressman Robert Aderholt (AL-4) seeks full-time or part-time unpaid interns
for his Washington D.C. office for the spring semester. Intern duties will include,
but are not limited to, answering the phone, providing constituent Capitol tours,
Page 6 of 12

assisting with the mail program, attending various briefings and hearings, and
data entry. Qualified candidates will possess a strong sense of timeliness,
excellent written and verbal communications skills, a positive attitude, and a solid
work ethic. Ideal candidates will also have Alabama or Southern ties.
Those interested should email their resumes with the subject line “Internship
Applicant” to Chris Lawson at chris.lawson@mail.house.gov.
MEM-036-15

New Jersey Democratic Congressman Frank Pallone (NJ-06) seeks full time and
part time unpaid interns for his personal office during the spring 2015 semester.
We are seeking personable, hardworking and motivated individuals with
excellent oral and written communication skills.
Job duties will include, but are not limited to: answering phones, assisting staffers
with general administrative duties, attending briefings, drafting letters to
constituents, and conducting congressional research. New Jersey ties are strongly
preferred, but not necessary. A good sense of humor is a plus.
Please email a resume, cover letter, and references to
thomas.egan@mail.house.gov, please include your dates and times of availability.
We have immediate vacancies to be filled.

MEM-032-15

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently
seeking a press intern who would be able to start immediately. Applicants can be
undergraduate or graduate and be willing to commit through mid-May. Interns
perform a variety of tasks that support the staff in our legislative and media work.
Media tasks may include helping organize and staff Committee press
conferences, events and calls, updating and maintaining social media accounts,
press list and contact management, drafting of talking points and press releases
and assisting with the production of daily news clips relating to Committee
issues. Press interns also perform administrative duties related to running the
front office. Interested applicants should email their cover letter and resume to
jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please include two short, relevant writing
samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.

MEM-031-15

The Office of Congressman John Ratcliffe (TX-04) is currently seeking interns
for the Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2015 semester. Intern
responsibilities include but are not limited to, assisting staff with general office
duties, attending hearings/briefings for staff members, answering phones, sorting
through mail, drafting response letters, and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol.
Candidates should be highly motivated and have good communication skills. This
position is unpaid, but does offer a great educational experience for anyone with
aspirations of working on the Hill. Having Texas ties is a plus. All interested
applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
Robert.peters@mail.house.gov.
Page 7 of 12

MEM-029-15

Arizona Democrat seeks full-time hard working intern for immediate hire.
Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls, assisting
with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending briefings, or
providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will have
exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work in a fast
paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about the
legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to azdcinternships@gmail.com. Individuals with
Arizona ties, women, and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-028-15

The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for
Summer 2015 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will
have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting
with phone inquiries and providing support to all Committee staff. Background in
science a plus. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to
ashley.smith@mail.house.gov.

MEM-027-15

Michigan Office seeks intern who will report to the Intern Coordinator and Chief
of Staff.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• flexible schedule – Wednesday work day required;
• able to work at least 12 hours a week;
• ability to maintain calm in a high stress environment;
• preference for students from Michigan
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
• performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
• sorts and distributes mail;
• attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
Page 8 of 12

• performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
• answers the telephones;
• checks faxes;
• notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
• greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and performs other duties as assigned.
SEND ALL RESUMES AND ONE WRITING SAMPLE TO:
CapitolHill14@gmail.com
MEM-024-15

Spring Internship. The office of Representative Stephen Fincher (TN-08) is
looking for motivated interns for the 2015 Spring semesters in the Washington,
D.C. office. Intern responsibilities include assisting the staff with general office
duties, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, sorting mail, giving
Capitol tours, and performing various other tasks based on ability and interests.
Applicants must possess strong communication skills, have a positive attitude and
be well-organized. Internship may be full-time or part-time to fit applicant's
schedule. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and résumé to
TN08.Intern@mail.house.gov.Tennessee ties preferred, but not required.

MEM-021-15

The Republican office of the Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and
public policy, to apply for its full-time Spring 2015 internship program.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone
inquiries, and providing support to all Committee staff. This is a paid internship.
To apply, please send a cover letter and one page resume to
CHARep.Intern@mail.house.gov.

MEM-019-15

The office of Congressman Alex X. Mooney (WV-2) is seeking full-time, paid
and/or unpaid interns for Spring 2015 with immediate availability. Ideal
candidates should be strong conservatives with excellent verbal and written
communication skills. West Virginia ties are preferred, but not required.
Responsibilities include answering phones and greeting visitors, sorting and
inputting mail into IQ, facilitating Capitol tours, attending meetings/hearings, and
assisting staff. Interested candidates should email their resume to Sean McMahon
at sean.mcmahon@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Internship Application”.

MEM-016-15

Democratic Member of the House seeks unpaid intern in Washington, DC.
Interested applicants submit a resume to Bklynny09@gmail.com.
Core Responsibilities:
Page 9 of 12




To assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry,
reception duties and other office errands, and
To draft floor statements, speeches and memorandums on legislative
issues.

Qualifications:
 Must be a current student – with student identification
 Good oral and written communication skills;
 Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
 Good organizational skills; and
 Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
 Flexible schedule – a minimum of 12 hours of work per week,
Wednesday work day required.
Duties:
 Performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
 Sorts and distributes mail;
 Attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
 Performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent
requests, including names and addresses of constituents;
 Answers the telephones;
 Notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all
relevant information;
 Greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
 Performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
MEM-015-15

Democratic Member of the House seeks unpaid intern in Washington, DC,
starting in January. Responsibilities include assisting with social media
campaigns and strategies, writing press releases, talking points and memos,
conducting research and assisting the Press Staff with the day-to-day operations.
Candidate should be energetic, enthusiastic and able to thrive in a fast-paced
working environment. Creativity is a must. Previous experience in politics and
press are not required but candidates should have a general understanding of the
governmental process, knowledge of North Carolina, and interest in
communications. If interested, please send a cover letter and resume via email to:
NCCongressionalJobs@gmail.com (subject line should read: Social Media
Intern). Absolutely no phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins, please. Minorities and
women encouraged to apply, North Carolina ties preferred but not required.

MEM-013-15

The Office of Representative Sam Farr (CA-20) is looking for a full-time press
intern to start immediately. Intern will be responsible for accumulating daily
press clips, monitoring local news outlets, drafting social media statements and
press releases and generally assisting the Communications Director. Intern will
also be asked to assist staff with phones, mail, research, mail correspondence, and
Page 10 of 12

constituent tours. CA ties a plus. Sense of humor mandatory! Students welcome
to apply. Please send resumes and a brief writing sample to
Morgan.Keese@mail.house.gov

MEM-012-15

The office of Representative Marcia L. Fudge is looking for a motivated unpaid
intern in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern responsibilities include assisting
the staff with general office duties, attending briefings and hearings, answering
phones, sorting mail, giving Capitol tours, and performing various other tasks as
assigned. Applicants must possess strong communication skills, have a positive
attitude and be well-organized. Interested candidates should send a cover
letter, résumé, and writing sample to District11resumes@mail.house.gov. Ohio
ties preferred, but not required.

MEM-011-15

Chairman Candice S. Miller (R-MI) seeks legislative interns for the
Winter/Spring 2015 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional
office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and
the United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include legislative research
and writing, constituent relations, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct historical tours of the Capitol,
assist with constituent correspondence, and attend legislative briefings,
congressional hearings, receptions, and press events.
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information
with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team
environment, and possess a strong attention to detail. Applicants should have
working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a willingness
to perform a variety of tasks and administrative functions. Michigan ties are
strongly preferred; however, candidates from outside the state will be
considered. Undergraduate students are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an
unpaid position but a great opportunity for students seeking academic credit, and
the hours are flexible to accommodate the intern’s schedule.
Send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to MI10Intern@gmail.com

MEM-008-15

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Spring 2015. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are
preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to
ca52internships@gmail.com with “Spring Congressional Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-005-15

The Office of Representative Kevin Brady (TX-08) is currently seeking paid fullPage 11 of 12

time interns to start immediately in our Washington, D.C. office. Qualified
candidates are well organized, with good oral and written communication skills,
and possess a strong interest in learning about the political process and
congressional affairs. Duties include but are not limited to, answering phones,
compiling briefing binders, batching mail, performing legislative research, and
attending briefings. Interns interact heavily with constituents so a positive attitude
is a must. Applicants must be detail oriented with a strong work ethic and an
eagerness to represent the 8th district of Texas. Previous Hill experience not
required. Interested Candidates should send a resume and cover letter to:
TX08intern@gmail.com.
MEM-002-15

Florida Republican seeks an intern for the Spring 2015 semester. Interns will
work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern
responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls,
opening and sorting mail, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns
will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, as well as attend
Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings and receptions. Our office is
looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be self-starters,
take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently as well as
part of a team environment. Applicants should have a willingness to assist with
daily office tasks. Florida ties preferred, but not required. Interns must be able to
commit three full days a week (9:00am-6:00pm during Session and 9:00am5:00pm during Congressional Recess) at minimum. Students welcome to apply.
Those interested please send resume and cover letter to
FL26Internships@gmail.com.

Page 12 of 12

