________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 17, 2022

MEM-493-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for the spring of 2023. This is a hybrid position— hours are worked
remotely and in-person. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible
with Interns working for approximately 10-16 weeks. Applications are reviewed
on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
Page 1 of 9

•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.
MEM-491-22

The Office of Congressman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-00) is seeking motivated,
organized, and hardworking individuals for its spring internship program
(beginning in January 2023 and ending in May 2023).
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
providing Capitol tours for constituents, drafting constituent correspondence,
sorting incoming mail, attending briefings and hearings, conducting legislative
research, and other tasks as needed. Successful candidates will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, willingness to contribute to a team
environment, and eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. Delaware ties are a plus.
To apply, please send one compiled PDF of your resume, a cover letter that
describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and the
contact information for 2 references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov,
indicating the office (DC or Wilmington) and the term you are applying for in the
subject line. For example: “DC Spring 2023 Internship – NAME.” Please note in
the cover letter or body of the email if the internship is for school credit.
Applications are due at 11:59pm on December 10th, 2022
No phone calls, emails, or drop-ins please.

MEM-490-22

PRESS INTERNSHIP: The office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA06) is accepting applications for a Spring 2023 press intern in our Washington,
D.C. office. This internship will run from early January through mid-May.
We offer needs-based stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our
internship program has returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have experience in a
faced-paced, deadline-oriented work environment. Applicants must be
Page 2 of 9

independent problem-solvers, have strong writing skills, and be comfortable
communicating to both internal and external audiences. Technical experience
with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign, Illustrator), photo editing programs
(Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software (Premiere, Headliner) a major
plus.
Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips,
helping draft copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital content.
Press interns will have the opportunity to staff the congresswoman to capture
videos and photos of events. We offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up
close and from the inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience are a
plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and
why you’re interested in interning in our office, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one
example of digital work (video, graphic or photo)
to PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-489-22

LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP: The office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan
(D-PA-06) is accepting applications for Spring 2023 legislative interns in our
West Chester, Reading, and Washington, D.C. offices. This internship will run
from early January through mid-May.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer needs-based
stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our internship program has
returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a
passion for community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing
to spend a lot of time on the phone, and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting
memos for our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or
meetings. We offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the
inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06
are also a plus.
Please submit applications through the “Legislative Internship” form our website,
Houlahan.house.gov.

Page 3 of 9

This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-488-22

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Spring
2023 internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates,
and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman
DeLauro's office combine administrative and legislative work. Interns are
involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form
(tinyurl.com/3t2z5ku8, also located on delauro.house.gov/services/internships)
along with a cover letter, resume, brief writing sample (1-2 pages), and two
references to Daniel.Robillard@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring
2023 Internship” by November 18. Please send completed application form as
one PDF file and all other application materials in another, single PDF file.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.

MEM-487-22

“Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Spring 2023 term.
Intern responsibilities include corresponding and communicating with
constituents, researching policy, legislative analysis, guiding Capitol building
tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written
and oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and

Page 4 of 9

cover letter
to marshall.stallings@mail.house.gov and lauren.mazurek@mail.house.gov.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to
apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class
schedules. This is a paid position and is competitive with that of other offices.
Rate of pay will depend on hours worked and duration of internship. State ties
preferred but not required.”
MEM-486-22

The Washington, D.C. office of Rep. Greg Stanton seeks enthusiastic and
motivated interns for the Spring 2023 semester.
Interns have a crucial part in our Washington office and are tasked to answer
phones, lead US Capitol tours, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, write constituent letters on issues before the House and perform other duties
as assigned. This is a paid, full-time opportunity. Those with
Arizona ties are strongly preferred.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, letter of interest and 1-2 page
writing sample to DC_Internships.AZ09@mail.house.gov

MEM-484-22

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (D-PA-05) Paid Spring Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
• Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
• Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Emily.Kastenberg@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring
Legislative Internship, NAME” by November 21st, 2022. Please include
availability in the cover letter and compile all application materials into one PDF
document.

MEM-483-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time digital
intern position this winter.

Page 5 of 9

Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess familiarity
with programs such as Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign,
Canva, as well as compiling and interpreting social media analytics.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment and willingness to
learn are a must. This position reports to the Communications Director.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
MEM-482-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented undergraduate or graduate student with a
passion for communications to fill a full-time press intern position this winter.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and voracious
consumer of news who thrives in a fast-paced environment. Press intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, compiling press clips, maintaining
press lists, and drafting press releases. This position reports to the
Communications Director. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences
are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter or writing sample
to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-481-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking full-time and part-time paid
interns for the Spring 2023 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings/hearings, performing
legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects.
Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent communication
skills, a strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public service and
progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by an outside
organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Page 6 of 9

Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample,
three references, and availability to Diego.Sanchez@mail.house.gov with the
subject “First Name.Last Name Internship Application.” Applications will be
accepted until Sunday, November 27th. Incomplete or late applications will not
be accepted.
MEM-479-22

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Winter 2023.
* The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
* Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
* Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
* Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 16 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District. The deadline to submit applications is November 4, 2022
at 11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-478-22

The Washington, D.C. office of Rep. Roger Williams is seeking applicants for a
Fall Internship.

Page 7 of 9

The internship will run from October - December. Ideal candidates will be detail
oriented, thrive in fast paced environments, and available to start work
immediately.
Please email resumes to mk.fedorchak@mail.house.gov and include “TX-25 Fall
Internship” in the subject line.
MEM-477-22

The office of Congressman Austin Scott (GA-08) is seeking full-time and parttime Spring 2023 interns in his Washington D.C. Office.
A qualified candidate should possess strong written and oral communication
skills and a demonstrated interest in public service. Interns will be expected to
fulfill the regular duties of a Congressional intern and may also receive
opportunities to assist the Legislative and Communications Staff.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a Congressional office. Generally, the office hours run from 8:30
AM to 5:30 PM when Congress is in session and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not
in session.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to william.matney@mail.house.gov. Georgia ties are preferred, and the deadline
to apply for the Spring 2023 internship is the close of business on November 28.

MEM-475-22

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Matt Rosendale (MT-At Large) is
currently accepting applications for full-time, paid interns for the Spring
internship session.
Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
daily administrative operations, and legislative research. Interns are also
encouraged to attend hearings, briefings, lectures, and seminars available in
Congress and around the Hill.
Ideal candidates are conservative college students or recent college graduates
with strong communication and organizational skills. Students and recent
graduates interested in learning more about our country’s legislative process are
encouraged to apply. Montana ties are preferred but by no means required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Alexandra
Schindewolf at alexandra.schindewolf@mail.house.gov with the subject line “
Spring 2023 Internship.” Please send all attachments as PDFs. The start date
would be as early as January 9 (with a flexible start and end date depending on
availability).

MEM-474-22

Office: Ken Buck

Page 8 of 9

Position: Intern
Description: The Office of Congressman Ken Buck (CO-04) is seeking Fall 2022
and Spring 2023 interns for the D.C. office
Requirements: Qualified applicants should possess strong communication and
writing skills, as well as a willingness to work in a fast-paced office.
Responsibilities include answering phones, giving tours of the Capitol, attending
briefings, hearings, and policy meetings, conducting research, drafting constituent
correspondence, and performing additional tasks to assist the Congressman's
staff.
Please email your resume and cover letter to: matt.thompson@mail.house.gov
MEM-473-22

Congressman Barry Moore (AL-02) is seeking part-time OR full-time interns for
the Spring 2023 semester in both his Washington, D.C. and District offices.
The internships are based in the Washington, D.C., Andalusia, Wetumpka, and
Dothan, Alabama offices. They are open to college students of all majors and
designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates
with an interest in public service. Hours are flexible to accommodate course
schedules, but generally run from 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, a passion for public service, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Intern responsibilities include answering the phones, drafting constituent letters,
listening to hearings and briefings, assisting the press & leg team, conducting
research, and administrative work as needed. Interns will gain an understanding
of the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and class schedule/availability
to Internships.AL02@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring Intern
Application 2023 (Office Location).” Please specify in the email and subject line
which office you are applying for.

Page 9 of 9

