________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 6, 2021

MEM-224-21

Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-17) has openings for full and part-time
congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office during the Fall of 2021.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with
availability beginning in September, and a preference for those who can stay at
least three months. Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone
calls, leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting staff with
projects in diverse issue areas.
Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written
communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a
good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties and customer service
experience are strongly encouraged to apply. There is a stipend and transit
benefits available for qualifying candidates.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and
availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov.

MEM-222-21

The office of Congressman Josh Harder (CA-10) is currently accepting
applications for paid fall internships which will run from the beginning of
September to December.
Our hands-on legislative internship program offers highly motivated
undergraduates and recent graduates the opportunity to gain real-world
Page 1 of 13

experience in government and politics. Over the course of their service, interns
will gain a deeper knowledge of the federal government and strengthen their
communications, writing, problem-solving, and time-management skills.
Responsibilities will vary but may include:
• Communicating with constituents through mail, email, and over the phone
• Conducting research to be used for floor speeches, memos, committee hearings,
and other legislative business
• Monitoring press coverage, current events, and House business
• Attending briefings and hearings
• Greeting office visitors and giving tours of the Capitol
• Administrative tasks as assigned
To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Josh Harder, send
your resume, cover letter and a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF
to Archibald.Fraser@mail.house.gov. The deadline for applying is end of day
Sunday, July 18, 2021. Central Valley ties are preferred, but not required.
Please include the days and times you will be available to intern, your desired
start date, and any requirements your school has in order for you to receive credit
in your cover letter. Please format the subject line of your email “DC Internship First Name Last Name - Fall.”
All individuals are encouraged to apply. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-221-21

The House Democratic Caucus Office is seeking motivated, detail-oriented
Operations interns to work full-time, in-person in a fast-paced leadership office.
Interns will be primarily responsible for department-specific responsibilities such
as providing outreach support to Democratic Member offices, managing logistics
and assisting with team projects.
The Caucus internship will also include an educational work component in which
interns will attend congressional briefings and hearings, conduct research, draft
internal documents and participate in professional development sessions.
The term of this paid internship will be from September to December 2021.
Applicants must be able to work in Washington, D.C. Ideal applicants will have a
professional and positive attitude, a demonstrated knowledge of the House
Democratic Caucus, problem-solving skills, proficiency with Excel and other
programs and a passion for politics.
Qualified applicants should send one PDF file including their resume, cover letter
and three professional references to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “APPLICANT NAME Fall 2021 Operations Internship
Page 2 of 13

Application.” Women, minorities, LGBTQIA+ individuals, veterans and those
with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Deadline to submit applications is
Monday, July 12 at 5:00 p.m. ET. No drop-ins or calls please.
MEM-220-21

Press Interns (full-time, in-person)
The House Democratic Caucus seeks highly motivated Press interns to work fulltime, in-person in a fast-paced leadership office. Responsibilities include
compiling daily press clips, drafting preparation materials for media hits and
assisting with press-related events. The interns will report directly to the Press
Assistant.
The term of this paid internship will be from September to December 2021.
Applicants must be able to work in Washington, D.C. Ideal applicants will be
able to write, edit and proofread under tight deadlines, handle multiple
assignments simultaneously and stay on top of the news.
To apply, please send one PDF file including your resume, cover letter, one
writing sample and three professional references
to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with the subject line: “APPLICANT
NAME PRESS Fall 2021 Internship Application.” Women, people of color,
LGBTQIA+ individuals, veterans and those with disabilities are encouraged to
apply.
The deadline to submit application is Monday, July 12 at 5:00 p.m. ET.
Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-219-21

Digital Residents (full-time, in-person)
The House Democratic Caucus is seeking motivated, detail-oriented Digital
residents to work full-time, in-person in a fast-paced leadership office. Residents
will be primarily responsible for assisting digital campaigns and creating content
for various social media platforms. The program will also include an educational
work component in which residents will attend and manage remote congressional
briefings and hearings, conduct research, draft internal documents and participate
in professional development sessions.
The term of this paid residency will be from September to December 2021.
Applicants must be able to work in Washington, D.C. Ideal applicants will have a
professional and positive attitude, a demonstrated knowledge of Democratic
politics and problem-solving skills.
Digital candidates should have proficiency with social media platforms, graphic
design, video editing software and other digital programs. Navigation of creative
design platforms is mandatory (Adobe Creative Cloud, Canva, etc.). Strong

Page 3 of 13

writing skills are required to excel in this role. A passion for politics, the
legislative process and the digital creative industry is a plus.
Qualified applicants should send one PDF file including their resume, cover
letter, digital portfolio or digital examples along with three professional
references to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“APPLICANT NAME Fall 2021 Digital Residency Application.” Women,
people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, veterans and those with disabilities are
encouraged to apply.
The deadline to submit applications is Monday, July 12 at 5:00 p.m. ET. No dropins or calls, please.
MEM-217-21

“A Conservative Midwestern Member of Congress is seeking candidates for a
full-time paid internship in our Washington, DC office. Candidates should be
detail-oriented, a team player, have strong written and verbal communication
skills, and be eager to learn about our country’s legislative process.
Responsibilities include answering phones and constituent letters, researching
legislation, attending hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, and providing
administrative support to the office.
The application deadline for this position is July 19th at 6:00pm ET. The
anticipated start date for this position is between August 23rd and September 7th.
Interested candidates should email their resume, cover letter, dates of availability,
and three references to gopmidwestjobs@gmail.com no later than July 19th at
6:00pm ET.”

MEM-216-21

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking Fall interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned. Successful
candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working, detailoriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player. Nevada ties
are strongly preferred. Nevada residents will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall Intern” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-215-21

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Ken Buck (CO-04) is currently
accepting internship applications for the Fall of 2021.
Typical duties include answering phones, leading Capitol tours, researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings,
Page 4 of 13

and answering constituent letters on a variety of issues. Due to the ongoing
spread of COVID-19, some of these duties may be significantly altered. The ideal
candidate for this paid internship will be team- and detail-oriented and have
strong written and verbal communication skills.
Students and recent graduates interested in learning more about our country’s
legislative process are encouraged to apply. The Congressman sits on the
Judiciary Committee and the Foreign Affairs Committee, making this an ideal
opportunity for those interested in law and/or foreign policy. Colorado ties are
preferred but by no means required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume, cover letter, a brief writing
sample, and a letter of recommendation to Allie Woodward
at internships.co04@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2021 Internship.”
Please send all attachments as PDFs. Additionally, applicants should include their
availability as a part- or full-time intern (if part-time, please be as specific as
possible).
The application deadline for this position is July 23, 2021. The anticipated start
date for the internship is between August 23 and September 6, 2021, depending
on individual circumstances.
MEM-214-21

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Fall 2021 session. The internship would begin on
August 16 and last until early December. Our specific dates are tentative on the
release of the official House schedule.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience ad knowledge of the dayto-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled in an
accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an ideal fit
for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government – however, any
interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the legislative staff
by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping with
administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. This will be an in-person
internship. The deadline to apply for the Fall Session is Friday, July 11, 2021.

Page 5 of 13

Interested candidates should address their application materials to Katonya
Pettaway at Interns.NC03@gmail.com. Applications should include a cover
letter, resume, and what the individual’s internship schedule may look like.
MEM-211-21

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks
interns for the upcoming Fall 2021 term. The D.C. office has two types of
internships: A Legislative Internship and a Press Internship. Both will be remote
for the duration of the term.
Legislative Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings,
drafting and editing constituent correspondence letters, researching legislation for
the legislative staff, and providing support for the day-to-day activities of the
office.
Press Intern responsibilities include drafting social media posts, designing
graphics, conducting interview preparation for the Member, drafting and editing
constituent correspondence letters, and assisting the Press Secretary in the day-today operations of the office.
Both the Press and Legislative Internships are paid via monthly stipend. The
Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national
origin, age, or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send a resume, a one-page cover letter, and 1-2 short writing
samples to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants
should indicate their expected start and end dates, availability for Monday-Friday,
and which position they are applying for (or state that you do not have a
preference).
We also ask that applicants for the Press Internship submit 1-3 sample graphics.
Please include “Moore Internship – Fall 2021” in the subject line and compile all
application materials into one PDF document. Applications for the Fall 2021 term
will be considered until 6:00 PM EST on July 28st, 2021.
No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-209-21

A Conservative Representative from Colorado is currently seeking candidates for
a paid internship for the 2021 Fall semester in our Washington D.C. office.
Interns will assist the legislative staff and press team by conducting research,
answering phones, writing press clipping and social media content, and helping
with administrative tasks. Interns will also greet constituents and should be teamoriented and have strong communication skills.
This is a paid internship that provides a truly unique experience to gain
Page 6 of 13

experience in a fast-paced office on Capitol Hill. Qualified candidates should
submit a resume and cover letter to CO05internship@mail.house.gov with the
subject line saying, “Fall Internship”. Colorado ties not necessary.
MEM-204-21

North Florida Republican Seeks Press Intern For Fall 2021
The Press Intern will have the opportunity to observe the inner workings of a
congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of and participating in a
congressional communications operation.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting morning news clips,
developing graphics and other digital content, assisting Communications Director
and Press Secretary with executing an aggressive communications agenda, and
performing traditional intern responsibilities and constituent services.
Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic, work well under pressure, be
detail-oriented, and possess a positive attitude. Candidates with communications
experience, including digital media and strong writing skills are preferred.
Experience with Canva and Adobe Suite (Photoshop, InDesign and Premiere Pro)
are a plus. Undergraduate students and recent college graduates are preferred; ties
to Florida and/or FL-03 are a plus. Academic credit is available for qualifying
students.
Interested candidates should email, with “Press Intern Fall 2021- First & Last
Name” in the subject line, their resume, cover letter, two references, social media
handles, brief writing sample, and examples of their digital and design work
to fl03.internships@mail.house.gov. Deadline to apply is July 9th.

MEM-203-21

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Fall 2021 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Page 7 of 13

Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other congressional
offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability
to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov
MEM-194-21

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic applicants for legislative internships in the
Washington, DC office for the Fall of 2021.
Qualified applicants should have strong communications skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. Interns will be provided with computers to complete official work.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Scanning voicemails, processing electronic constituent mail, assisting legislative
staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing
preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other
duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning in September,
2021. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample
to Caitlin.Reedy@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter.

MEM-193-21

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking a full-time in-person
Intern in the Washington D.C. office to begin in September.
The intern will work mainly with D.C.-based staff, performing legislative and
administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience.
Specific duties include drafting and sorting constituent correspondence, attending
virtual policy briefings, performing legislative research, producing daily press
clips, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong written communication skills,
and are committed to public service. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.

Page 8 of 13

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample
to Maura.Haydin@mail.house.gov with “Pocan Internship - Fall 2021” in the
subject line. Interested applicants should also apply to the scholarship program
at: https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program
MEM-189-21

The Lacey Office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently
accepting applications for a paid, in-person/remote Fall internship (early
September-December).
Interns will be asked to answer phones, assist the constituent services team,
attend virtual events, research projects, and aid our press team, Congresswoman,
and district staff. As a result, interns learn about constituent services and
engagement and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention
to detail, customer service skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. South Puget Sound ties are preferred, but not
required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a PDF format
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “WA-10 District Office Intern” in the subject
line. The deadline for applications is Thursday, July 15, 2021. Applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early.
This office is Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national
origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age,
military service, or other non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants are encouraged to
apply. Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop ins.

MEM-188-21

The office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently accepting
applicants for paid fall internships which will run from September to December.
Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff located in Washington D.C. in
conducting research, drafting memos and constituent mail, answering phones,
attending hearings, inputting casework, attending virtual events, aiding
Congresswoman Strickland’s legislative initiatives.
The office is also looking to hire a press intern to assist the press team.
Responsibilities include compiling clips, drafting social media posts, op-eds,
press releases, digital content and working with the press team to devise media
strategies and bolster the office’s communication efforts. Experience working in
press, communications, or a related field is a plus.

Page 9 of 13

Ideal candidates for these internships should possess excellent communication
skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF document
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “WA-10 DC Fall Internship” in the subject
line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship you are applying for.
The deadline for applications is Thursday, July 15, 2021 but applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are incomplete or
submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national
origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age,
military service, or other non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants and individuals in
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no unsolicited
phone calls or drop ins.
MEM-186-21

The Office of the Representative Joseph Morelle is currently accepting
applications for an internship in the District Office. Interns will be asked to
answer phones, sort mail, research legislation, assist staff with constituent
casework, and perform administrative work as assigned. As a result, interns learn
about the functions of a congressional district office.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention
to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of
humor. New York State ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a PDF format
to Rhyne.Maas@mail.house.gov with “NY-25 Fall 2021 Internship” in the
subject line.
The deadline for this internship is Sunday, July 11 at 8:00pm, but students are
encouraged to submit their application early.

MEM-182-21

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the fall internship session. The start
date would be as early as Sep. 1 (flexible depending on availability) with a
flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and have access
to transit benefits.

Page 10 of 13

The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to JeffVanDrewNJ@gmail.com. Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re
applying for a fall internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume], [Full
Name_Cover Letter].
MEM-181-21

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for one
legal intern for the Fall 2021 semester.
In addition to providing administrative and operations support to the committee
as needed, the legal intern will work closely with the Counsels team with research
projects, drafting legislation, providing support for full committee markups and
hearings, and attending meetings and briefings. Candidates should be current law
students and require little supervision.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply. If you
would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page resume
and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include
“Fall 2021 Legal Internship Application” in the subject line of the email.

MEM-180-21

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for
interns for the Fall 2021 semester.
Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and
administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press
clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research,
drafting memoranda and other written materials, and a variety of other tasks.
Candidates should be team-oriented, resourceful, upbeat people who have skills
beyond research and require little supervision. This internship is open to
undergraduates (juniors and seniors), recent graduates, and Master’s and law
students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply.
If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page
resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and

Page 11 of 13

include “HFAC Internship Application – Fall 2021” in the subject line of the
email.
MEM-179-21

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking paid interns for the
Fall 2021 session in his Capitol Hill office. The Summer session dates are May
18 – August 31. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings
and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process,
as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working.
To be eligible for our paid intern program, the applicant must be able to complete
no less than a 24-hour work week. The internship schedule is flexible to
accommodate classes. Ties to Virginia’s First Congressional District are preferred
but not required.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter
to shannon.evans@mail.house.gov before July 23, 2021. Please specify what
your internship schedule may look like.

MEM-176-21

The D.C. Office of Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) seeks interns for the upcoming Fall
2021 term. The D.C. office has two types of internships available: an in-person
internship and a remote, research-focused internship.
In-person intern responsibilities will include drafting social media posts for the
Member’s official social media pages (including Facebook, Twitter, and
Instagram), designing graphics, attending hearings and briefings (either in person
or virtually from the office), researching legislation for both the Member and
legislative staff, drafting constituent letters on the Member’s behalf, interfacing
with constituents and visitors, staffing the front office, and potentially conducting
tours.
To be considered for this position, candidates must show proof of full COVID-19
vaccination, and if hired, agree to follow additional precautionary measures, such
as mask-wearing and regular sanitizing.
Remote intern responsibilities will similarly include drafting social media posts,
designing graphics, attending virtual hearings and briefings, and drafting
constituent letters on the Member’s behalf, but there will be a heavier focus on
conducting legislative research for both the Member and legislative staff.
All interns are paid $15.00 per hour for a minimum of 15 hours/week and
maximum of 40 hours/week unless the intern is receiving a stipend from an
external organization in relation to their internship.
Page 12 of 13

The Office of Rep. Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national
origin, age, or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send a resume, a short cover letter, two sample tweets on a
current event, and availability to julia.albertson@mail.house.gov.
Additionally, applicants should indicate which position (if you don’t have a
preference, please indicate that as well) you’re seeking, and include their
vaccination status if applying to the in-person internship.
Applications for the Fall 2021 Term will be considered until 11:59pm EST on
Monday July 26th, 2021.

Page 13 of 13

