________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 14, 2023

MEM-437-23

The office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is now accepting applicants
for Fall Congressional Internships in our Washington, DC office.
Successful applicants will be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work
ethic, and interact well with constituents. In addition, applicants should have a
strong interest in the legislative process and the function of Congress. A monthly
stipend will be provided to individuals selected for the internship.
Internship duties in the Washington, DC office may include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
• Attending congressional hearings and policy briefings
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House
• Helping the communications/press team
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Other projects as assigned by the staff
To apply, please email your resume to Wisconsin.resumes@mail.house.gov. Ties
to the state of Wisconsin are preferred, but not required.

MEM-432-23

The Office of Congressman Troy Balderson (OH-12) is seeking detail-oriented,
highly-organized individuals to take part in the 2023 Fall Internship Program in
our DC office.
Page 1 of 12

Successful candidates will demonstrate outstanding interpersonal, written, and
oral communication skills, and will be able to prioritize and follow through on
multiple tasks.
Responsibilities include answering constituent calls, giving U.S. Capitol tours,
assisting the front office, performing various research projects, and assisting with
the Congressman’s events. Candidates must be flexible and comfortable working
in a team environment. The internship will run from September – December
2023.
To apply, fill out the application
via https://balderson.house.gov/forms/internships/
MEM-429-23

The office of Congressman French Hill (AR02) has full-time paid internship
positions available for the Fall 2023 term.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping central
Arkansans. Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls,
assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting legislative research, and
assisting with correspondence. Interns have a positive attitude, strong work ethic,
and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing
to work both independently and as part of a team. Applicants should have
working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to
assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter
to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov. If you have any questions, you can
contact the office for additional information at (202) 225-2506.

MEM-427-23

The Office of Congresswoman Valerie P. Foushee (NC-04) is seeking motivated,
detailed-oriented, and energetic individuals for a paid Fall 2023 internship.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic.
DC intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending hearings and
briefings on behalf of legislative staffers, supporting staff members with
legislative research and other tasks as assigned, compiling daily press clips for
the Congresswoman, sorting constituent correspondence and drafting responses,
answering phone calls, and greeting visitors to the office.
Page 2 of 12

District intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting research, assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent
correspondence, community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the
discretion of the District Director. As a result, the intern will gain invaluable
knowledge about our district and will be an integral part of the functioning of our
District Office.
The term of this internship will be during the fall semester. part-time interns must
work at least 10-15 hours a week, Monday-Friday, hours may be flexible to
accommodate students' course schedules. Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis; applicant are encouraged to apply early. The due date for
applications is August 18.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and at least two
references to NC04Resumes@mail.house.gov. Incomplete applications will not
be reviewed.
The Office of Representative Foushee is an equal opportunity employer
committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment. Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against
because of race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical
disability, sexual orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender
expression) identity, color, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or
any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.
MEM-426-23

Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is seeking applicants for the Fall 2023
internship program in his Washington D.C. office.
The paid in-person internship will run from September through December.
Internship duties will include (but are not limited to): leading tours of the Capitol,
answering phones, attending briefings, conducting legislative research and other
tasks to assist staff.
The idea candidate for this internship can carry out independent research and has
strong written and verbal communication skills and attention to detail. Interns
must also have a positive and collaborative attitude.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
on our nation’s legislative process. Ties to Washington are preferred, but not
required. Women, people of color and LGBTQIA+ persons are strongly
encouraged to apply.
All interested applicants should email their resume and cover letter in a single
PDF to Danielle Hall at Danielle.Hall@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall

Page 3 of 12

2023 Internship”. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Deadline
August 20th.
MEM-423-23

Fall internships in Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer’s office will be held inperson in the Washington, D.C. office. Schedules are flexible to accommodate
academic schedules. All interns are paid a stipend.
Interns would have the chance to gain valuable hands-on experience while
serving the constituents of Missouri’s third district. Interns would be exposed to a
wide range of policy areas, including the Congressman’s work on the House
Financial Services Committee, Small Business Committee, and the Select
Committee on the Chinese Communist Party.
Responsibilities would include corresponding with constituents, performing
research for staff, giving tours of the Capitol building, attending Congressional
hearings, and helping prepare for upcoming hearings.
Interested applicants should send a copy of their resume
to Andrew.Weinstock@mail.house.gov. Successful interns have strong attention
to detail and communications skills, as well as a strong interest in learning about
the legislative process.

MEM-420-23

Fall internships in Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer’s office will be held inperson in the Washington, D.C. office. Schedules are flexible to accommodate
academic schedules. All interns are paid a stipend.
Interns would have the chance to gain valuable hands-on experience while
serving the constituents of Missouri’s third district. Interns would be exposed to a
wide range of policy areas, including the Congressman’s work on the House
Financial Services Committee, Small Business Committee, and the Select
Committee on the Chinese Communist Party.
Responsibilities would include corresponding with constituents, performing
research for staff, giving tours of the Capitol building, attending Congressional
hearings, and helping prepare for upcoming hearings.
Interested applicants should send a copy of their resume
to Andrew.Weinstock@mail.house.gov. Successful interns have strong attention
to detail and communications skills, as well as a strong interest in learning about
the legislative process.

MEM-418-23

Position: Rep. David Rouzer (NC-07) is seeking paid, in-person interns for his
Washington, D.C. office for Summer 2023
Description: As an integral part of the team, interns contribute to the daily
operations of the office. Daily tasks will include assisting the legislative and
communication departments, constituent correspondence, conducting U.S.
Page 4 of 12

Capitol Tours, and various designated projects. Ideal candidates should possess
strong interpersonal communication skills, excellent writing skills, and a strong
work ethic. The ability to keep a positive attitude in a fast-paced everchanging
work environment is a must.
Interested applicants should send their resume and a writing sample
to nc07internship@gmail.com.
Looking for interns to start immediately. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis until positions are filled.
Email to send resume (and other items if requested)
to: nc07internship@gmail.com
MEM-414-23

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Fall 2023
internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates,
and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman
DeLauro's office entail both administrative and legislative work. Interns are
involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment as well as possess excellent writing skills and an enthusiastic
attitude. Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to
work in a highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form found
via https://delauro.house.gov/services/internships along with a cover letter,
resume, brief writing sample (1-2 pages), and two reference contacts
to Claybrook.Vaughan@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2023
Internship” by 11:59PM on August 18. Please send completed application form
and all application materials in a single PDF file.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.

MEM-412-23

The Office of Congressman Bill Johnson (OH-06) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Fall 2023 semester.
The internship is expected to run from August to December.
Page 5 of 12

Qualified applicants should possess strong communication skills, be interested in
public policy, have a strong work ethic, and be ready to work in a rapid
environment. This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and
knowledge of the day-to-day happenings within Congress. This internship is an
ideal fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government –
however, any interested student is encouraged to apply.
Job duties include (but are not limited to)
•Leading tours of the Capitol Building
•Attending briefings and meetings
•Conducting congressional research for staffers
•Administrative assistance to staff
•Answering and logging phone calls
Ohio ties are preferred but not required. Current college students and recent
graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested candidates should apply through our
website https://billjohnson.house.gov/constituentservices/internships.htm
MEM-397-23

The Honorable Robert C. "Bobby" Scott, Ranking Member of the House
Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks full-time Fellows to work for the
Committee (Democratic Staff).
Duties may include, but are not limited to, researching and the drafting of
legislation, memos, talking points, and letters, covering congressional briefings.
Candidates should have completed at least one year of law school, have strong
legal research abilities and written and oral communication skills, and be capable
of managing themselves and taking initiative.
Indicate your area of interest and your writing sample should support your
interest and expertise: Health Policy, Education Policy, Labor Policy, Pensions,
Oversight, Disability, Workforce Development, and Workplace Safety. No phone
calls or drop-ins please. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form below to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating
type of “Fellow” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the requirements
will not be considered.

MEM-396-23

The Honorable Robert C. "Bobby" Scott, Ranking Member of the House
Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks full-time committee Interns for
paid internships.

Page 6 of 12

Duties may include, but are not limited to, assisting with administrative tasks,
answering phones, processing mail, legislative research, writing memos, and
attending briefings and hearings. This is a fast-paced office; multitasking and
attention to detail are required.
Interns can receive academic credit. No phone calls or drop-ins please. The office
is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form below to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating
type of “Committee Intern” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the
requirements will not be considered.
MEM-393-23

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) is seeking full or part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
research. This is a paid internship that complies with the House Paid Internship
Program.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: McClintock
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-389-23

The Democratic Staff of the U.S. House Select Committee on Strategic
Competition between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party seeks
qualified undergraduate students and recent graduates for paid internships for the
Summer and Fall 2023 sessions. This position is hybrid (in-office and remote).
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legislative research, providing
support to investigations, drafting memoranda, and performing other policy and
administrative tasks as necessary. Interns play a key role in the office and will
work closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Our ideal candidates are organized, committed, and eager to join a fast-paced
environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, research
and writing skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well
under pressure in a team environment.

Page 7 of 12

Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. A background and/or interest in subject areas related to the People’s
Republic of China is strongly preferred.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to SCCDems.resumes@mail.house.gov. Please put
“[Summer/Fall] 2023 Intern Application” in the subject line. In your cover letter,
please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes. For the Summer
session, the Committee is seeking to hire interns as soon as possible.
MEM-388-23

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking fall interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams with
drafting, and other tasks as assigned.
Successful candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working,
detail-oriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player.
Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Interns will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall DC Intern” in the subject line. No
phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-385-23

Congressman Cliff Bentz (OR-02) is seeking Fall interns for his Washington
D.C. Office.
Congressman Bentz is a member of the House Judiciary Committee and the
House Natural Resources Committee. Ideal candidates will be college students or
recent graduates who are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detail-oriented,
enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and have customer service experience.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations
and legislative research. Although no two days are the same, an intern may be
expected to answer phones, greet Oregonians, attend policy meetings with other
staff, and assist in managing constituent correspondences and administrative
operations. Interns may also lead tours of the U.S. Capitol and attend committee
hearings.
Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide
valuable experience for future endeavors. The internship will generate the
opportunity to foster excellent connections, learn about many issues affecting our
state and country, gain expertise in any policy areas you might be interested in,
and get a detailed look at what makes the United States the most enduring
democracy in the world.
Page 8 of 12

Desired Availability: Applicants should be able to commit to at least 20 hours per
week. Office hours are 9:00AM – 5:00PM weekdays. The internship is in-person.
All interested applicants are asked to fill out the application form found on the
Congressman’s website: https://bentz.house.gov/services/internships.
MEM-380-23

Committee on House Administration – Majority Staff
Title: Legal Intern
Reports to: General Counsel/Deputy Staff Director
Job Summary: This temporary position performs a key role in assisting
committee staff with the development and execution of the Committee on House
Administration’s strategy with respect to elections, legislative oversight, and
Capitol security issues, as well as ensuring that the committee’s activities are
operated in conformance with applicable statutes, House Rules, and Committee
Rules. Goals of this position include development of the incumbent's legal
research, writing, and advice skills, exposure to the Committee's areas of
jurisdiction, and increased knowledge of the Legislative Branch.
Major Duties:
•Legal research as directed by General Counsel or other members of the legal
team.
•Writing tasks to include plain-English advice and memoranda.
•Committee hearing/meeting monitoring and preparation assistance.
•As the Congressional calendar warrants, assistance to General Counsel with
respect to the debate of legislation either in Committee or on the Floor of the
House.
•Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
•Ability to work full-time and in-person at our Washington, D.C. office.
•Enrolled at an accredited U.S. law school (or a recent graduate).
•Authorization to work in the United States.
•Demonstrated interest in developing legal research and writing skills and open to
mentoring and constructive, productive feedback.
•Ability to initiate and maintain positive working relationships with colleagues.
•Ability to complete assigned tasks and prioritize those tasks in an efficient
manner in a high-pressure environment that may require tight deadlines.
•Dedicated focus on strong communication.
•Ability to act with integrity and in a fair and equitable fashion toward all
Members, staff, and stakeholders.
•Anticipates and adjusts for problems.
•Creative and has a willingness to learn and grow.

Page 9 of 12

Benefits:
•Paid stipend.
•Transit benefits.
•Class credit (if available through the law school).
* This is a congressional position. Applicants' partisan affiliation may be
considered.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of
work being performed by incumbents assigned to this job. This is not intended to
be an exhaustive list of all the responsibilities, duties, and skills required. The
duties may be changed and other duties may be assigned.
To apply, please send a resume and writing sample
to Hannah.Fraher@mail.house.gov.
MEM-372-23

The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly
motivated, proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications
team.
Applicants must be available to begin in early September. Qualified candidates
will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay attention to detail, be
responsive and punctual, and have solid writing and editing skills. Preferred
applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and are willing to perform and
follow through on a wide variety of tasks. A monthly stipend is available.
• Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
• Position can be virtual, in person, or hybrid
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and
Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Photoshop or Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Drafting short newsletters
*Editing written materials, such as newsletters or press releases
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should please send resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples,
and a graphic sample (if applicable)
to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com

Page 10 of 12

MEM-364-23

Office of Congresswoman Lori Trahan (MA-03)
Washington, D.C. Office
In D.C., our internship program runs throughout the fall, spring, and summer
terms. Hours can be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules but
generally run 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM with options for full-time and part-time
employment.
General Internship
In D.C., intern responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislation,
attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on various
issues before the House. Interns will also assist in various administrative tasks as
needed. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.
Press Internship
In D.C., press interns assist the driven press team by developing social media
content, drafting press releases, sorting press clips, creating digital content, and
assisting the team with a variety of projects as needed. Interns will work closely
with communications staffers and learn about the press operations in the office.
Candidates should have a foundation of technical knowledge on social media
platforms. Communications, journalism, or public relations studies are a plus.
Submission of a sample graphic is recommended but not required.
District Office
In the district, located in Lowell, our internship program runs throughout the fall,
spring, and summer sessions. Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate
students' course schedules but generally run 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM with the
options for full-time and part-time employment.
Intern responsibilities include answering phones, responding to constituent letters
on various issues, assisting with resolving constituent casework, researching daily
press clips, and drafting memos as needed. Interns will gain comprehensive
knowledge of Massachusetts’ 3rd District, as well as the services the district
office provides.
To Apply
Candidates for the fall internship program should be extremely motivated,
flexible, and detail-oriented, with the availability to begin in late August. District
ties are preferred but not required. Candidates who demonstrate strong oral and
written communication skills, the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced workflow,
and an interest in public service are encouraged to apply.
You may only apply to one office each session. Previous applicants are
encouraged to re-apply, as past applications are not kept on file. The application

Page 11 of 12

deadline for the Fall term is August 15th, 2023. Applications are considered on a
rolling basis.
To apply, please complete the following form
via https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/. Additionally, please email your
cover letter and resume as PDF documents to: LT.Internship@mail.house.gov. In
the subject line, please include which internship you are applying for, such as
“Fall District Office Internship Application.”
Our office is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to
be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, gender identity, religion, sexual orientation, age,
disability, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status under
applicable laws. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds to apply.

Page 12 of 12

