________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 26, 2018

MEM-449-18

U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY – Democratic Staff
POSITION DESCRIPTION
JOB TITLE:
Spring 2019 Intern
SUMMARY:
Interns are responsible for providing Senior and Professional Staff with policy
and administrative support. The individual is required to demonstrate exceptional
research and organizational skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Performs legislative and policy research.
•Assists with the coordination and production of hearings and bill markups by:
oResearching background on witnesses and hearing topics.
oFinalizing documents for Members and Committee Staff.
oDelivering said documents to Members of the Committee.
Page 1 of 18

•Oversees physical and digital Correspondence to and from the Committee.
•Conducts clerical work for the Office Manager and staff by:
oAnswering Phones
oGeneral office tidiness and maintenance
•Represents the Committee on Homeland Security during legislative and policy
negotiations, discussions and other activities.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least a Sophomore in college. Coursework and experience in Political
Science, Government Affairs, Homeland Security Issues or a related field is
preferred. Strong organizational skills; excellent oral and written communication
skills; the ability to perform under pressure and tight deadlines. Must be familiar
with Microsoft Office.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Amanda.Mims@mail.house.gov
MEM-447-18

Spring Press Internship in Rep. Veasey’s DC Office (D-TX)
Rep. Veasey’s office is looking for a full-time press intern who would complete
a six-month internship focused on gaining experience drafting press releases,
social media posts, creating videos and graphics. The position would also include
opportunities to pitch local press, and organize events and press conferences for
the Blue Collar Caucus and Voting Rights Caucus. Candidates with writing,
digital and media background are encouraged to apply. Please send resumes to:
luke.dube@mail.house.gov

MEM-446-18

TITLE: Congressional Intern
REPORTS TO: Intern Coordinator
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
• performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
• sorts and distributes mail;
• attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
Page 2 of 18

• performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
• answers the telephones;
• notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
• greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
• performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking unpaid interns for Spring 2019
in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff
with various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones,
conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and
performing legislative research and analysis. We’re looking for responsible
individuals that are dependable, organized, and willing to learn. Internships are
open to undergraduate students and college graduates. Washington state ties are
encouraged but not required. To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to:
Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
MEM-445-18

The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking highly motivated
interns for Spring 2019 (starting January 2019). Qualified candidates will be
dependable team players capable of excelling in a fast paced office and will
possess strong writing, editing, verbal communication, and organizational skills.
Experience with research is a plus since there are opportunities to work with
Legislative Assistants on relevant issues. This position’s responsibilities include
serving as a primary contact with constituents, greeting visitors, providing
Capitol Tours, and assisting with projects assigned from other staff members.
These projects often include assisting with data entry or drafting correspondence.
Interns will have the ability to attend Capitol Hill briefings, hearings, and other
informative events that are available. Interns will also have the opportunity to
gain professional and educational experience while learning more about Congress
and the legislative process. Wisconsin ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample,
and dates of availability to maryah.thompson@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2019
Internship” in the subject line. Please note, this is an unpaid internship and we
strongly encourage applicants to apply for academic credit.

MEM-444-18

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time and
energetic interns to start in January. The interns will work with staff to prepare
materials for committee meetings, process incoming amendments to bills,
conduct research projects, answer phones, and complete a variety of other
administrative tasks.
Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work ethic, an interest in
learning about House floor procedures, and are detail-oriented. Applicants must
Page 3 of 18

have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a variety of tasks. Interested
candidates should submit a cover letter and resume to
RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov.
We are an equal opportunity employer that welcomes diverse applicants. A
stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop- ins please.
MEM-435-18

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the winter/spring semester of 2019. Interns
will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will
have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence,
as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press
events. Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening
and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative
tasks. This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant
attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to
work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.Hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and resume.
Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted for
consideration.

MEM-434-18

The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a press intern to
assist with a fast-paced communications operation for Spring 2019 (starting
January 2019). Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing, event
planning, social media, graphic design, and photography skills, and be able to
work on tight deadlines. Selected candidates will also be expected to perform
standard administrative duties.
Intern responsibilities include:
* Social media content development
* Event photography
* Compiling press clips
* Clipping videos
* Creating graphics
* Drafting press releases
* Answering phones
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample,
and dates of availability to GwenMoorePress.Moore@mail.house.gov with
“Spring 2019 Press Internship” in the subject line. We also recommend, but do

Page 4 of 18

not require, applicants submit 1-3 sample graphics. Please note, this is an unpaid
internship and we strongly encourage applicants to apply for academic credit.
MEM-433-18

The leaders of the Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition—a 57-member
caucus focused on energy and environmental policy—are looking for a fellow to
help serve caucus offices during the spring of 2019. The fellow would help lead
caucus policy initiatives, help facilitate SEEC’s communications work, and help
manage SEEC events including member meetings, staff meetings and policy
briefings. During their time with the caucus, this fellow would have the
opportunity to build relationships with 57 plus member offices and off-Hill
organizations that work in the energy and environmental space, among other
connections. The experience will give this person an inside look at policy
development and a better understanding of how Congress works, in addition to
expanding the fellow’s Hill network.
The fellow would be placed in the Washington DC office of a Member of
Congress serving in SEEC leadership. The fellow would need to be able to serve
from January through May of 2019, but could arrange to stay longer or start
earlier. An earlier start date would benefit the fellow by allowing training time
and planning experience ahead of the 116th Congress, better allowing the fellow
to hit the ground running in January 2019. If interested, please submit a resume
and cover letter to the below noted email address. Currently this position is
unpaid.
For more information or to submit an application, please email
SEECFellow@mail.house.gov with the subject line “SEEC Fellowship
Opportunity”.

MEM-432-18

Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is currently seeking candidates for the
2019 Winter/Spring internship program in her District Office in Hawai‘i.
Students will be given the opportunity to:
•Learn about the day-to-day operations of a Congressional District Office
•Research important legislative and local issues
•Develop practical communication skills in writing and speaking
•Assist district staff in helping constituents work with federal agencies
•Attend official functions and events with district staff or Congresswoman
Gabbard
•Earn academic credit when available
Interested students may apply through our website. Applications will be accepted
on a rolling basis. We are currently advertising for the Winter/Spring semester;
however, candidates for our Summer programs are also welcome to apply early.

Page 5 of 18

This is an unpaid internship. We offer flexible scheduling based upon the
student’s schedule, and work with each student to secure academic credit when
available.
Please feel free to direct your questions about the internship program to
TulsiHawaiiOffice@mail.house.gov or 808-541-1986.

MEM-427-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is
seeking a digital/press intern who can assist in executing an aggressive
communications strategy. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills
and strong research, writing, and communication skills. Ideal candidates are
college students, recent graduates, or graduate students with experience using the
Adobe Suite – especially Adobe Premiere. Graphic design and photography
experience are a plus. Start date is early January.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Primary Duties:
· Assisting with graphic design, video production, video editing
· Drafting social media content (i.e. facebook, twitter, instagram)
·Taking photos of and recording events
· Managing press lists, including creating issue-specific press lists
· Compiling press clips, assisting with other Comms Shop projects
Please email a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
nyinterns18@gmail.com with the subject line “PRESS INTERNSHIP” by
December 2nd.

MEM-426-18

The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) is
seeking both full and part time legislative interns for SPRING 2019. Start date in
January and applicants must be a college sophomore or higher.
Typical tasks include answering phones, drafting letters, attending briefings and
writing memos, guiding Capitol Tours, batching constituent mail, and assisting
staff with various special projects. Successful interns must be professional, selfmotivated, eager to learn, work well under pressure, and detail-oriented. An
interest in politics and a positive attitude is a must! NY ties are preferred but not
required.
This internship provides invaluable professional experience, daily interaction
with Capitol Hill staff and officials, and the opportunity to be at the center of
American politics. Optional academic credit is also available.

Page 6 of 18

Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants should email a cover letter and resume to nyinterns18@gmail.com
with the subject line “LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP” by December 2nd.
MEM-425-18

Congressman Dwight Evans (PA-03) is seeking highly motivated interns for the
spring term (January – May 2019). Strong written and verbal communication
skills required. Must be dependable and a team player. Duties include answering
constituent phone calls and inquiries, attending congressional briefings and
hearings, conducting research for legislative staff, compiling press clips for the
communications team, and leading Capitol tours. Interns will gain valuable
professional experience and inside knowledge of the legislative process on
Capitol Hill.
Philadelphia or Pennsylvania ties strongly preferred but not required. Minorities,
women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified
candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
Chandler.Mason@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring 2019 Internship.”

MEM-424-18

The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez (CA-38) is currently accepting
applications for a full-time internship for Spring 2019 in our Washington D.C.
office. Ideal candidates will possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a good
sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will include processing mail, greeting
visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol tours, attending briefings, drafting
memos and constituent correspondence, and assisting staff with various
administrative tasks. Southern California ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with
“CA38 Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-423-18

The Office of Congresswoman Ann Wagner (MO-02) is currently seeking full or
part-time spring interns for her Washington D.C. office.
Applicants must be highly motivated, professional, dependable, and possess
strong communication skills. Duties include, but are not limited to, corresponding
with constituents, assisting the legislative staff, attending Congressional hearings,
and completing legislative projects in a timely manner.
Successful candidates will be personable, detail-oriented, willing to learn, and
have a strong interest in the legislative process. Interns will work in a fast-paced
environment and have the opportunity to learn more about the legislative process.
Page 7 of 18

Missouri ties are preferred but not required. Interested applicants should email a
resume with the subject line “D.C. Fall 2019 Internship” to Ben Nyce at
ben.nyce@mail.house.gov.
MEM-421-18

The Office of Representative Kathy Castor (FL-14) is accepting applications for
unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Spring 2019. The internship will
offer students and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative
process. Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors,
sorting mail, attending hearings/briefings, handling constituent requests, leading
tours of the Capitol, legislative correspondence and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Our
internship program begins in August until the end of December. First priority will
be given to applicants who can work full-time. Please send resume, cover letter, a
short writing sample (1-2 pages) and work availability with the subject line “D.C
Spring 2019 Internship” to fl.demresume@gmail.com. Florida ties are a plus but
are not required.

MEM-420-18

Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA-02), is currently hiring spring interns for his
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
maintaining the front office, greeting visitors, processing constituent
correspondence, writing letters, attending hearings and briefings, and answering
the main office phone line. Interns will have the opportunity to learn about the
legislative process and the federal government by working closely with
legislative, communications and constituent services staff members. Candidates
should be current or recent college students, regardless of major but with an
interest in Congress and the legislative process. Full time availability is preferred,
but part-time candidates are encouraged to apply as well.
To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to
LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. Please include any Iowa connections in the
body of the email. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-417-18

CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• To assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception
duties and other office errands.
• To assist the legislative team by drafting memoranda on legislation, votes,
research projects, and an assigned policy proposal.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Good oral and written communication skills;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
Page 8 of 18

• Good organizational skills; and
• Responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
• Hawai‘i ties preferred, but not required.
• Prior Hill experience a plus
DUTIES:
• Performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
• Answers the telephones, and sorts and distributes mail;
• Attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
• Performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
• Drafts memoranda on vote recommendations, cosponsor requests for legislation,
and other research projects as assigned;
• Creates a policy proposal for a bill with the help of legislative staff; and
• Performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.

Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
Patrick.Koetzle@mail.house.gov.
MEM-416-18

The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking fulltime interns for Spring of 2019 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates
will be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication
skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence,
Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to
provide professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible
in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with
Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to
work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the
legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required. Email resumes and
availability to patrick.konrath@mail.house.gov.

MEM-414-18

The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated,
personable and professional legislative intern for the Spring 2019 session. Tasks
include answering the phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail, addressing
constituent concerns, attending briefings and supporting legislative staff as
needed. Serving as an intern in a Congressional office is an exciting opportunity!
Our interns are provided with first hand experiences and gain invaluable insight
into the legislative process, the importance of casework and the value of
constituent and community outreach.

Page 9 of 18

Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing
skills, who pay close attention to detail, and digital media expertise. Successful
candidates would spend 25-40 hours per week interning in the DC office.
Maryland ties a plus.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume and a list of references to
employment@mail.house.gov. If you have further questions, please call the
Intern Coordinator at (202)225-4016.
MEM-413-18

The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a Spring 2019
press intern to assist with a fast-paced communications operation starting in
January 2019. Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing, event
planning, social media, graphic design, and photography skills, and be able to
work on tight deadlines. Selected candidate will also be expected to perform
standard administrative duties.
Intern responsibilities include:
- Social media content development
- Event photography
- Compiling press clips
- Clipping videos
- Creating graphics
- Drafting press releases
- Answering phones
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, a 1-3 page writing
sample and dates of availability to
GwenMoorePress.Moore@mail.house.gov with “Press Internship” in the subject
field.

MEM-412-18

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) seeks a Press Intern for
the spring semester of 2019 in the Washington, DC office. Primary
responsibilities will include: compiling and distributing daily news clips, media
monitoring, drafting graphics, social media content, press releases, and floor
speeches. Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills
as well as the ability to work under tight deadlines. Hawaii ties are preferred, but
not required. Please send a resume, brief cover letter, two short writing samples,
and availability to Lauren.Mcilvaine@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press
Intern” by November 30.

MEM-409-18

A North Carolina Congresswoman is seeking four to five Spring 2019 interns for
a Congressional Internship Program in DC. Interns will have access to the various
functions of a congressional office including administration, legislative, and
Page 10 of 18

communications. You will have opportunities to learn about the legislative
process, work with constituents, and work with our communications team.
Diverse applicants are encouraged to apply.
RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE:
• Administration
o Managing constituency,
o Answering and logging phone calls,
o Managing and logging incoming and outgoing mail.
o Tours and greeting constituents
• Legislative
o Policy research and writing
o Research various policies both within and out of priorities.
o Write draft memos for the legislative team
o Attend legislative briefings and conduct written reports
• Communications
o Draft tweets, talking points, social media posts.
o Assist in the creation of flyers.
o Work closely with Press Fellow and Press Secretary
• Other responsibilities as needed.
To apply please send a resume, a writing sample, and a list of references to
NChousejobs@gmail.com. In the subject line please put the following:
"Internship Application for Spring 2019".

MEM-408-18

U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ), member of the Ways and Means Committee,
seeks spring semester interns for his Washington, DC office. This internship
term runs from January through May. Duties include sorting and processing mail,
greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and hearings,
researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting our press
team, and drafting constituent correspondence. Ties to New Jersey are strongly
preferred, but not necessary.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the
Ways and Means Committee and as the Ranking Member on the Ways and
Means Subcommittee on Trade. He holds a leadership position on the Democratic
Steering and Policy Committee. This internship is an opportunity to work in a
veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. We are very open to interns
working in the areas that interest them most and taking on increasing
responsibility as the summer progresses. Interested applicants should send a
resume and cover letter to Christopher Hadad

Page 11 of 18

Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov). All applications are due by November
30th, 2018.

MEM-407-18

Congressman Vern Buchanan is looking for looking for full time, unpaid interns
for his Washington DC office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible and
detailed oriented with immediate availability. Florida ties are a plus but not
required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phones, leading Capitol
tours, upkeeping mail databases, writing memo’s, and assigned duties from full
time staff. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written
communication skills.
Please email your resume, available start date, and weekly availability to
housegopinternshipFL@outlook.com.

MEM-406-18

The office of Congressman Jim Costa (D-CA) is currently seeking an unpaid
Intern for the Winter/Spring Semester. This is an excellent opportunity for
college students or recent graduates who want Hill experience. Interns will be
expected to assist legislative staff, while also performing administrative tasks
such as answering phones, sorting mail, etc. Individuals who are motivated,
dependable, and have good communication skills are encouraged to apply.
Potential schedules may be determined upon interview, but a minimum
commitment of 32 hours per week is requested. Qualified candidates must be
friendly, organized, and responsible, possess the ability to multi-task and a good
sense of humor is always a plus. California ties are preferred but not required.
Please send your resume, cover letter, a writing sample (no more than 3 pages),
and your dates of availability to californiamoderate@gmail.com.

MEM-401-18

California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time
interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified
candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office,
intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give
tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication,
research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and
briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid, but the office will
provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their
respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and
cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.

Page 12 of 18

MEM-400-18

The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking fulltime interns for Spring of 2019 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates
would be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and
communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent
correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are
unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants.
The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well
as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be
willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more
about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
wi06resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-399-18

The Office of Congressman Elijah E. Cummings (MD-07) seeks dedicated,
detail-oriented, and energetic undergraduate students for his internship program
in his Washington, DC office. Applicants are to possess strong interpersonal
skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, strong writing skills, and a solid work
ethic. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: answering phones, assisting
with greeting constituents and visitors, supporting legislative staff with research,
attending congressional briefings and hearings, drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as necessary. Full-time
and part-time internship positions are available beginning in January 2019. To
apply, please visit https://cummings.house.gov/services/internships . In order to
be considered for the positions, you must thoroughly submit the application
located on this page.

MEM-398-18

The Office of Congressman Elijah E. Cummings (MD-07) seeks a dedicated,
detail-oriented, and energetic law student to be a fellow in his Washington, D.C.
office. Applicants are to possess strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, advanced writing skills, superb research abilities and demonstrate
a solid work ethic. Applicants must also be enrolled in good standing at an
accredited law school.
Reporting directly to the Legislative Director, responsibilities include but are not
limited to: supporting the Legislative Director and Counsels with legislative and
legal research, assisting in developing legislation, attending congressional
briefings and hearings, participating in meeting preparation, composing memos
and letters, and other administrative duties as assigned.
This full time or part-time position is available beginning in January 2019. To
apply, please visit https://cummings.house.gov/services/internships
Please thoroughly complete the application and submit that information for
consideration. In order to be considered for the position, you must thoroughly
submit the application located on this page.

MEM-397-18

Chicago based Democrat Mike Quigley (IL-05) is seeking interns for the spring
semester in his Washington, DC office. Candidates should possess an interest in

Page 13 of 18

the legislative process, excellent writing and communication skills, and a desire
to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative team to conduct
research, draft letters and policy memos. Responsibilities also include answering
phone calls, drafting constituent correspondence, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, and related administrative work. Interns will have the opportunity to
attend briefings, hearings, and other legislative events.
Individuals with Chicago ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified
candidates should email their cover letters and resumes to
Isabella.Spinozzi@mail.house.gov with the subject “Fall Internship Application.”
Although our application process is rolling, please be advised that preference will
be given to those who submit their applications by November 16th.
MEM-396-18

The office of Congressman Emanuel Cleaver, II (D-MO) is looking for
congressional interns to join our team for the Spring 2019 semester. This is a
unique opportunity to gain firsthand experience on what it takes to operate a
congressional office. Interns will have access to special events, briefings, and
hearings that cover a variety of issues taking place domestically and globally.
Interns will work alongside our congressional team assisting with a number of
projects that may include research, compiling news clips, guiding tours of the
Capitol, drafting reports to be presented to the Congressman, and additional
administrative tasks. Successful candidates will have an interest in politics,
communications, new media, and should be excellent writers.
Interested applicants should email their resume, cover letter and two writing
samples to Herline.Mathieu3@mail.house.gov
Please include (Cleaver Internship Spring 2019) in the subject line.

MEM-395-18

The Office of Congressman Tom Suozzi (NY-03) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office for the Spring of 2019.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Interns will get to work in a fast-paced environment and learn how a
Congressional office operates. Responsibilities include but are not limited to
answering phones, conducting legislative research, attending briefings/hearings,
leading Capitol tours, assisting with constituent relations, and managing the front
office. The internship gives students the opportunity to interact directly with the
inner workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process. Internships are unpaid,
and New York ties are preferred but not required. Please send your resume and
cover letter to michael.christesen@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application”
in the subject line.

Page 14 of 18

MEM-373-18

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
Legislative Interns in our Washington, D.C. office to start in January or
February. Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while
gaining valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include
drafting constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and committee
hearings, performing legislative research, producing daily press clips, leading
Capitol tours, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! Candidates
of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please submit a form on
our website at: https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressionalinternship-application or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2019 Pocan Winter/Spring Internship” in
the subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-359-18

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently
seeking undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for the Spring of 2019.
Specifically, we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal
interns and fellows for the education policy team and graduate and legal interns
and fellows for the labor policy team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that
Page 15 of 18

support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include,
but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing
including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup
preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and
meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft
legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and
staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily
news clips. Applicants should be able to start in January and commit through
April/May. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and
internship applicant information form to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. If you
are applying for a graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short,
relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
Applicants should aim to submit their materials by November 2, 2018.

Page 16 of 18

MEM-316-18

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office in August. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter
and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 17 of 18

Page 18 of 18

