________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 1, 2022

MEM-411-22

The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate-level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for a
Fall 2022 internship.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone
inquiries, and providing support to all Committee staff. A background in science
is a plus.
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter
to house.science.committee@mail.house.gov.

MEM-408-22

The Office of Congressman Salud Carbajal (CA-24) is seeking a highly
motivated and creative Digital/Press Intern to assist with a fast-paced
communications operation based in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2022
Term (August to December).
The Digital/Press Intern will help build out the Congressman’s digital and social
media footprint, with heavy emphasis on creating engaging social media content
and graphics.
Page 1 of 26

Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills
to assist with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic
design/video editing software.
Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including internships)
are preferred but not required. California or Central Coast ties and Spanish
literacy are a plus. The intern will work closely with the Communications
Director and the Digital Press Assistant.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Compiling daily press clips
•Creating engaging graphics and editing photos
•Assisting the Digital Press Assistant with social media content, website content
and digital newsletters
•Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
•Assisting Communications Director with drafting press releases, op-eds,
advisories, and other written materials
•Creating and maintaining press lists
•Compiling regular comms reports on press and social media results
•Additional responsibilities include assisting the Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent with administrative tasks (e.g. sorting mail, answering phone
calls, conducting Capitol tours, etc.) and legislative tasks (e.g. batching incoming
messages on Fireside, drafting constituent letters, etc.)
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
A qualified candidate will possess strong social media and graphic design skills.
Past experiences with Canva, Photoshop, and other digital/graphic/video design
platforms are a major plus.
TO APPLY
The internship will run from mid-to-late August to December. The hours are
roughly 32 hours a week and are flexible to accommodate schedules and time
zones, but generally run 9a.m. to 6p.m. ET when Congress is in session and 9a.m.
to 5p.m. ET when Congress is out of session.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, two
digital samples, and dates/hours of availability
to Tommy.Vo@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(First Name) (Last Name)
– Digital/Press Intern.”
This is a full-time, limited term position and offers a monthly stipend from the
office of Congressman Carbajal’s unless the intern is already receiving
credit/stipend through a third party.

Page 2 of 26

No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Deadline to apply
is Friday, August 5, 2022.
MEM-407-22

“The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Lucille Roybal-Allard (CA-40)
is seeking paid full-time and part-time interns for the Fall 2022 semester.
Responsibilities will include but are not limited to answering and logging
constituent calls, drafting constituent correspondence on various issues, attending
legislative briefings and hearings for staff, sorting and distributing mail, and
completing other administrative and legislative work as needed.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to work well in a team environment and manage
multiple tasks. A positive attitude and interest in public policy and politics are
required. California ties and Spanish language skills are preferred but not
required, and academic credit is available for qualifying applicants.
To apply, please submit your resume, cover letter, and a one-page writing sample
to skie.vasquez@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2022 Internship” in the subject line.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the last week of August.
People of color and individuals in underrepresented communities are encouraged
to apply.
Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop ins.”

MEM-406-22

The Republican Staff of the House Committee on the Budget seeks motivated,
reliable, and detail-oriented undergrad students and recent graduates for the Fall
Internship Program.
Intern responsibilities include assisting staff in preparing for congressional
hearings, assisting in performing research, attending Congressional briefings,
answering telephones, and other miscellaneous duties.
The ideal candidate should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and
written communication skills, have a strong appreciation for situational
awareness, be able to multitask, and be adaptable to a fast-paced environment. An
interest in topics relevant to the committee’s jurisdiction is preferred.
Please submit your resume, cover letter, and one-page writing sample
to Carl.Griffin@mail.house.gov.

MEM-403-22

“Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2022 term.

Page 3 of 26

Intern responsibilities include corresponding and communicating with
constituents, researching policy, legislative analysis, guiding Capitol building
tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written
and oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and
cover letter to marshall.stallings@mail.house.gov and
lauren.mazurek@mail.house.gov.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to
apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class
schedules.
This is a paid position and is competitive with that of other offices. Rate of pay
will depend on hours worked and duration of internship. State ties preferred but
not required.”
MEM-401-22

The office of Congressman Brian Mast (FL-18) is hiring a paid digital intern to
start in September.
The preferred candidate will have academic, personal, or professional experience
with video filming/editing, graphic design, photography and/or social media
management. They should also be familiar with Adobe Suite, including
Photoshop, Illustrator and Premiere Pro. This is a 3-month long position, ideally
for a candidate able to be in the office full time. Other arrangements will be
considered for the right candidate.
If interested, applicants are encouraged to send their resume and work samples
that highlight their creativity to brianmastpress@gmail.com.

MEM-400-22

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks
full-time paid interns. This position will include a combination of telework and
in-office work as safety and logistics permit.
Duties/Responsibilities:
Interns will work on substantive projects under the direction of Committee Staff
while also serving a general administrative function. Interns will help staff
prepare for hearings and markups, take notes on relevant committee activities,
and work on research, oversight, and press-related projects. Interns will also
perform administrative tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and
filing official documents.
Qualification/Skills:
Candidate should be detail-oriented and possess strong oral and written
Page 4 of 26

communication skills. The position requires an ability to multitask and adapt to a
fast-paced environment. A background and/or interest in subject areas within the
committee’s jurisdiction is strongly preferred.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter
to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov. Applicants will be accepted on a rolling basis.
No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-399-22

The Office of Congresswoman Katie Porter (D-CA-45) is seeking a current
student to serve as a press intern to assist with communications, social media,
and graphic design, either remotely or in-person at our district office in Irvine,
California.
Candidates should possess strong written and verbal communication skills and
have an interest in politics and government. Daily tasks include but are not
limited to producing assets for the Congresswoman’s social media accounts, such
as graphics and short videos; tracking and compiling mentions of the
Congresswoman in the news; transcribing press interviews; creating and
managing press lists; and assisting with media inquiries and research.
Knowledge of programs like Adobe Creative Suite and Canva a plus, but not
required.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing
sample (1-2 pages) as one attachment to katieporter.press@mail.house.gov with
the subject “[full name] Summer 2022 press internship application”. We
recommend that applicants also submit one to two examples of previous digital
media or graphic design products, but this is not required.
We are accepting applications on a rolling basis, but we will prioritize candidates
that apply on or before August 15, 2022.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
The press intern will receive a monthly stipend.

MEM-397-22

Fall internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be held in-person in both the
Washington, DC, and Burnsville offices.
Internships will begin no earlier than September 6, 2022 and extend no later than
December 2, 2022. All interns are paid $15 per hour and provided with all of the
necessary technology for their work.

Page 5 of 26

Schedules are flexible to accommodate course schedules and academic programs;
however, a minimum availability of 20-25 hours per week is highly preferred.
Interns in the Washington, D.C. office will focus on researching legislation,
attending hearings and constituent meetings, answering constituents’ phone calls,
logging and drafting constituent correspondence and assisting legislative and
communications staff members on various projects.
Interns in the Burnsville office will focus on constituent casework, answering
constituents’ phone calls, community outreach and research, in-district event
planning and assisting the outreach, casework and communications staff members
on various projects.
All interns will have the opportunity to work with staff in both offices over the
course of the internship and the program is easily tailored to fit interns’ policy
interests and career goals. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative
process, learn about all the different functions of a congressional office, and gain
hands-on professional experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s
Second Congressional District.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident
and effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong
writing skills. They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with
the general public.
Application Instructions:
• To apply for an internship in the Washington, DC or Burnsville office, fill
out the intern application form located here.
• Please include your weekly availability between 8am and 6pm ET in your
cover letter.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented
backgrounds to apply. Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status.
For Fall 2022 internships, applications must be submitted no later than 11:59pm
CST on Sunday, August 14, 2022. Late submissions will not be considered nor
accepted.
Due to the high volume of applications that we receive, we are not always able to
respond to every applicant. If you have not received a response by August 29,
2022, you have not been selected for an interview.

Page 6 of 26

Please refrain from calling or walking into the office for application updates. If
you have any questions regarding the internship program or the application
process, please email craig.internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-396-22

Digital Intern:
The House Democratic Caucus seeks a motivated, detail-oriented Digital Intern
to work full-time in a fast-paced leadership office. The intern will assist the
digital team in creating content for various digital platforms and executing virtual
and in-person events. The intern will also complete an educational work
component in which they attend and manage congressional meetings and press
conferences, conduct research, draft internal documents and participate in
professional development sessions.
Knowledge of social content creation, graphic design, video editing software and
other creative design programs (Adobe Creative Cloud, Canva, etc.) is required.
Ideal applicants will have a professional and positive attitude, an understanding
of Democratic politics, proactive problem-solving abilities and strong writing
skills. Applicants must be able to work 40 hours per week in Washington, D.C.
and may occasionally be asked to work additional morning or evening hours.
The term of this internship will be from September 2022 to December 2022. The
Digital Intern will be provided a monthly stipend and have access to parking or
commuter benefits.
Applicants should send one PDF file including their resume, cover letter and
digital portfolio/samples along with three professional references
to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “APPLICANT
NAME Fall 2022 Digital Intern Application.”
Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, veterans and those with
disabilities are encouraged to apply. Additionally, our team welcomes applicants
with creative experience outside of politics.
The deadline to submit applications is Friday, August 5, 2022 at 5:00 p.m. ET.
No drop-ins or calls, please.

MEM-395-22

Congressman Ralph Norman (SC-05) is seeking interns in his to begin ASAP
Intern responsibilities will include answering and logging constituent phone calls,
drafting correspondence, giving tours of the Capitol, attending policy briefings
and meetings, and assisting staff with legislative research and administrative
duties.
The ideal candidate should be interested in public policy, have a strong work
ethic, possess a positive attitude, and work well in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates with strong writing and communication skills are encouraged to
Page 7 of 26

apply. South Carolina ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to repralph.norman@mail.house.gov.
MEM-394-22

Congressman Bill Huizenga (MI-02) is now accepting applications for his Fall
2022 Internship Program in his D.C. office from September to December (start
and end dates flexible).
Successful applicants will have a positive and friendly attitude, a willingness to
learn new skills, an interest in politics and legislation, excellent written and
verbal communication skills, and proficiency with Microsoft Office Programs.
Michigan ties are preferred but not required.
Duties:
•Sitting at the front desk: answering phones, sorting mail, data entry, greeting
visitors/meetings
•Researching legislation, database creation and work, assisting with press clips,
various errands around Capitol Hill/DC, keeping supplies stocked, attend
hearings
•Assisting scheduler with filing, calling, etc.
•Conducting tours/guiding constituents through the U.S. Capitol Building
Congressional Internships are often fast-paced, high-stress, professional, and
involve quick thinking. Congressional Interns are an integral part of the staff.
Successful completion of related duties allows other staff to assist with policyrelated matters and to aid Congressman Huizenga.
Hours will vary on number of applicants but generally Monday-Friday 8am-5pm.
The office may accommodate interns who are available only part time. Start and
end dates have some flexibility. This is a paid position.
How to apply:
•Fill out the internship application on the website, which can be found under the
Services tab.
•Submit an intern application, cover letter, resume, and writing sample to the DC
contact, lexi.willison@mail.house.gov.

MEM-392-22

Congresswoman Jackie Speier’s office seeks proactive, flexible, and detailoriented interns who can join Team Speier-ited in her Washington, D.C. office
asap for late Summer/Fall!
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, resourcefulness, as well as a strong
Page 8 of 26

interest in public service. Open to all majors and designed for undergraduate,
recent graduates, and graduate students.
*Intern responsibilities include handling phone calls, compiling daily press clips,
assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with
constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend
hearings and briefings for legislative staff, as well as opportunities to network
with coffees or lunches!
*CA-14 district or California ties are preferred, but not required.
*Start and end dates are flexible, but this paid internship would ideally run from
mid-August to December.
*Full-time and in-person interns preferred, and kindly ask that you please be
vaccinated.
To apply: Please fill out our application found
on https://speier.house.gov/internships with cover letter, resume, and writing
sample, and email all materials to Speier.Internships@mail.house.gov.
In the body of the email, please also list any start and end date constraints,
whether you are interested in a full-time position, and the number of hours per
week you can work. Please also state any ties you have to CA-14 District or
California.
Thank you in advance for your interest!
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-390-22

Fall 2022 Internship Posting
The Office of Rep. Lori Trahan is currently accepting applications for our Fall
2022 Internship program! District ties are preferred but not required. Candidates
who demonstrate strong oral and written communication skills, the ability to
multi-task in a fast-paced work environment, and an interest in public service are
encouraged to apply.
Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate students' schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m with the option of full-time and part-time
positions. The position will be hybrid.
Fall 2022 Application deadline: August 15, 2022
General Internship
In Washington, D.C., interns’ responsibilities include answering phones,
researching legislation, attending virtual hearings and briefings, and answering
Page 9 of 26

constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns will also assist in
various administrative tasks as needed. As a result, interns learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Press Internship
In Washington D.C., press interns assist the driven press team. Duties include
developing social media content, drafting press releases, sorting press clips,
creating digital content, and assisting the team with a variety of projects as
needed. Interns will work closely with communications staffers and learn about
the press operation of a congressional office.
Candidates should have a foundation of technical knowledge on social media
platforms. Experience in studying Communications, Journalism, or Public
Relations is a plus. Submission of a sample graphic with application materials is
recommended but not required.
District Office (Located in Lowell, MA)
In the District, intern responsibilities include answering phones, answering
constituent letters on various issues, assisting with resolving constituent
casework, researching daily press clips, and drafting memos as needed. Interns
will gain a comprehensive knowledge of Massachusetts’ 3rd District, as well as
the services the District Office provides.
Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate schedules, but generally run
9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m with the option of full-time and part-time positions.
To Apply
You may only apply to one office each session. Previous applicants are
encouraged to re-apply. All applications must be submitted through the online
application:
https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/
In addition to the online application, please email your Cover Letter (PDF) &
Resume (PDF) to the following:
D.C. Office-General Internship & District Office Internship: Alex Eliasen
(Alexander.Eliasen@mail.house.gov)
D.C. Office-Press Internship: Katie Petersen (Katie.Petersen@mail.house.gov)
The office is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to
be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, gender identity, religion, sexual orientation, age,
disability, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status under
applicable laws. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds to apply.

Page 10 of 26

MEM-385-22

Capitol Hill internships provide valuable opportunities for college students and
new graduates to experience our nation's legislative process firsthand. Many
current Hill staffers, from Chiefs of Staff to legislative assistants, started off as
personal office and committee interns.
Representative Carol Miller (WV-03) offers the opportunity for college students
and recent graduates to participate in internships in her Washington, D.C. office.
Successful candidates must have excellent organizational, personal, writing and
communication skills. West Virginia ties are a plus but are not required. Special
consideration will be given to applicants from West Virginia’s Third District or
students attending institutions of higher education in West Virginia.
Internships can be a great opportunity to learn the legislative process, experience
life in Washington, D.C., and see how your government works. Responsibilities
include answering phones, providing constituents tours of the U.S. Capitol,
legislative research, assisting the communications team, and aiding staff for
special projects as needed.
Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings, briefings, and
staff meetings. This rewarding experience offers students and recent graduates the
opportunity to learn about and contribute to the day-to-day operations of a
Congressional office. Furthermore, full-time interns may have to opportunity to
receive a monthly stipend.
To apply, please see our website https://miller.house.gov/services/internships, or
email your resume and a cover letter explaining your interest in Congresswoman
Miller’s office to our Intern Coordinator, Taylor Rathe
at Taylor.Rathe@mail.house.gov.
Internships are offered for the following semesters on a rolling application basis
until spaces are filled.
Fall: Mid-August or September - December
Spring: January – May
Summer: May - September

MEM-384-22

General Internship
The Democratic Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks full or
part-time candidates for an internship from approximately mid-September
through December 2022.
Responsibilities may include watching/attending briefings and hearings for staff,
conducting research projects, preparing materials for Committee hearings and
events, and other tasks as assigned or needed.

Page 11 of 26

The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have
excellent writing and communications skills. An interest in environmental,
climate change, or science policy is strongly desired and preferred. Those
currently enrolled in relevant undergraduate or graduate programs are encouraged
to apply.
Pursuant to health and safety guidelines, interns should be available to work inperson in Washington, DC . Please send a resume and cover letter
to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Fall Intern” in the subject line by August
3, 2022. Please include your approximate months of availability in the message,
and how many days per week you would be available.
The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins please. Only individuals selected for an
interview will be contacted.
MEM-383-22

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full-time in-person
interns in the Washington D.C. office for the Fall term.
The interns will work mainly with D.C.-based staff, performing legislative and
administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience.
Specific duties include drafting and sorting constituent correspondence, attending
virtual policy briefings, performing legislative research, producing daily press
clips, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong written communication skills,
and are committed to public service. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample
to Clifton.Snorten@mail.house.gov with “Pocan Internship – Fall 2022” in the
subject line by August 8, 2022. Interested applicants should also apply to the
scholarship program at: https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program.

MEM-382-22

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform is
seeking energetic and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time
internships for the fall of 2022.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly
in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative
operations of the House of Representatives.

Page 12 of 26

Responsibilities include but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes. Law
students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff.
Background: The Oversight and Reform Committee is the primary investigative
committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate
any matter at any time.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the
office full time are preferred.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a
cover letter and resume to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Fall 2022 Legal
Internship” in the subject line. Please specify in your cover letter whether you can
work full time and when you can start. Please use the following formats to name
your resume and cover letter: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.”
No phone calls or drop-ins please. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-381-22

The office of Rep. Brad Schneider (IL-10) is currently accepting applications for
full and part-time paid interns for the Fall internship term in the DC office.
Interns in the DC office may be asked to answer phones, run errands, research
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings and
answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and many other functions of a congressional
office.
This office is strongly committed to nurturing a diverse and inclusive workspace
for all and does not discriminate based on race, sex, color, age, religion,
disability, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or uniformed status.
Persons of all backgrounds and identities are strongly encouraged to apply.
The Fall internship term begins on September 12 and ends on December 16.
Interns are paid a monthly stipend of $600.

Page 13 of 26

To apply, please fill out the online application
on https://schneider.house.gov/services/internships and be sure to attach your
cover letter and resume.
The deadline to apply for the Fall 2022 term is August 12. Applications for future
terms are considered on a rolling basis.
MEM-376-22

Rep. Lisa McClain (MI-10) is seeking Fall interns for the D.C. office.
The Office of Congresswoman Lisa McClain is seeking qualified candidates for a
paid internship in our Washington, D.C. office for the fall. Candidates should be
detail-oriented, a team player, have strong written and verbal communication
skills, and be eager to learn about the legislative branch.
Responsibilities include leading tours, answering phones and constituent letters,
researching legislation, attending hearings and briefings and other duties as
assigned. Ties to Michigan are preferred.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter
to: bennett.danforth@mail.house.gov

MEM-375-22

District Office - Fall Internship
The Lacey Office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently
accepting applications for a paid, hybrid in-person/remote Fall internship
(September-December).
Interns will be asked to answer phones, assist the constituent services team,
attend virtual events, research projects, and aid our press team, Congresswoman,
and district staff. As a result, interns learn about constituent services and
engagement and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention
to detail, customer service skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. South Puget Sound ties are preferred, but not
required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a PDF format
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “WA10 District Office Intern” in the subject
line.
The deadline for applications is Friday, August 5, 2022. Applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early.

Page 14 of 26

This office is Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national
origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age,
military service, or other non-merit factor.
BIPOC applicants are encouraged to apply. Please no unsolicited phone calls or
drop ins.
MEM-373-22

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking full or part-time
interns to assist her legislative and press teams in Washington D.C. for Fall
2022. Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals
with availability beginning in late August.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, compiling press
clips, and assisting staff with projects in a wide array of issue areas.
Candidates should possess strong oral and written communication skills, an
ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a good sense of humor.
Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to wildinterns@gmail.com. Also include policy areas of interest, desired start
date, and availability. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis; deadline
to apply is August 5th.

MEM-370-22

The Office of Congresswoman Mikie Sherrill is currently accepting Fall 2022
internship applications for both her Washington, D.C. and Parsippany, N.J.
offices.
Interns will have the opportunity to learn about the inner workings of the
legislative branch of government through hands-on experience. Interns will assist
the office achieve its goals by performing a variety of tasks. Some tasks may
include: research on issues; drafting memos and other written documents;
assisting staff on special projects; assisting staff with congressional programs;
directing constituents to appropriate resources; and various administrative duties
(answering phones, updating databases, etc.).
Candidates for the internship program must be undergraduate or graduate college
students, have excellent written and verbal communication skills and a strong
interest in government and public service. Women, minorities and LGBTQ+
persons are encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins.
To apply please fill out the questionnaire for either the DC or District
office: https://sherrill.house.gov/services/internships

Page 15 of 26

In addition to completing the questionnaire, please email your resume and at least
one reference in PDF format to NJ11internships@mail.house.gov, with the
subject line: Office of Application (DC or District), First Name Last Name.
MEM-369-22

District Office Intern MD06
Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking high-energy, highly-organized,
and detail-oriented Interns for his offices in Cumberland, Hagerstown,
Gaithersburg and Frederick, MD.
The District Office Internship position is focused around building and cultivating
a passion for politics. Interns will be able to get hands-on experience handling
constituent cases, writing grants, attending events, and directly interfacing with
stakeholders in our district. This internship is for those who love to see the
implementation of policy as well as its creation, as well as those who feel
satisfaction in assisting others.
Primary Responsibilities:
●Answer and process all incoming calls and voicemails.
●Manage incoming caseworks requests and paperwork, and correspond with
constituents to assist in solving their concerns.
●Engage with the day-to-day operations of a Congressional office, and get handson experience with both local and Federal politics.
●Assist in the management of an assigned staff member’s casework portfolio,
reach out to federal agencies and constituents on behalf of our caseworkers.
●Attend constituent events and staff the Congressman’s events to best facilitate
outreach to our communities.
●Research policy and district statistics for internal or external reports and memos.
●Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:
●Education: Senior in High School or College Student
●Skills and Experience: Passion for the political process and a willingness to
learn more about the working of a Congressional Office. Passionate about helping
others and a dedication to public service.
To Apply:
●Visit trone.house.gov, search “internships,” and apply using our online portal.

MEM-368-22

DC Office Intern MD06
Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking high-energy, highly-organized,
and detail-oriented Interns for his Washington, D.C. office.
The DC Office Internship position is focused around building and cultivating a
passion for the minutiae of politics. Interns will be able to get hands-on
experience handling constituent cases, writing grants, attending events, and
Page 16 of 26

directly interfacing with stakeholders in our district. This internship is for those
who love to see the implementation of policy as well as its creation, as well as
those who feel satisfaction in assisting others.
Primary Responsibilities:
●Answer and process all incoming calls and voicemails.
●Manage incoming legislative requests and correspondences from government
officials.
●Engage with the day-to-day operations of a Congressional office, and get handson experience with both local and Federal politics.
●Learn the ins and outs of the various positions available on the Hill, from
Comms work to Legislative research.
●Work with our various teams on projects ranging from appropriations tracking
and bill writing, to social media drafting and press analysis.
●Work with an assigned staff buddy on more focused projects tailored to your
interests and passions.
●Other duties as assigned by the internship coordinator.
Qualifications:
●Education: High School Diploma or equivalent
●Skills and Experience: Clear interest in constituent service and outreach.
Passion for political science and Federal politics. Proficiency and interest in
policy or communications. Demonstrated engagement in the 6th District.
To Apply:
●Visit trone.house.gov, search “internships,” and apply using our online portal.
MEM-367-22

TITLE: Legislative, Press/Digital Interns, House Committee on Veterans’
Affairs (Majority)
SUMMARY: The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’
Affairs seeks legislative and press/digital interns. Responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, conducting legislative research, managing and responding to
constituent correspondence, assisting with Committee events, attending briefings
and hearings for staff, compiling press clips, drafting communications materials,
and other tasks depending on the needs of the Committee and the intern’s
interests.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be
detail-oriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the Committee
and the legislative process. In an effort to build a diverse and more inclusive
work environment, the Committee strongly encourages veterans, minority,
women, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU and MSI
students to apply.
This internship is available as a full-time or part-time in-person position.
Page 17 of 26

To apply, fill out the online form and submit a resume and cover letter via the
following: House Veterans' Affairs Committee Democrats Internship Application
Form. Applicants who apply by July 31 will be prioritized.
Applicants will be contacted if they have been selected for an interview. If
applicants have additional questions about the internship, contact
Veterans.Internships@Mail.House.Gov
MEM-362-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time digital
intern position this fall.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling
and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn are a must. This position reports to
the Communications Director. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-361-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented undergraduate or graduate student with a
passion for communications to fill a full-time press intern position this fall.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and voracious
consumer of news who thrives in a fast-paced environment. Press intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, compiling press clips, maintaining
press lists, and drafting press releases. This position reports to the
Communications Director. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences
are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter or writing sample
to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-357-22

The Office of Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-00) is seeking
motivated, organized, and hardworking individuals for its fall congressional
internship program (beginning in September and ending in December).
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
providing Capitol tours for constituents, drafting constituent correspondence,
Page 18 of 26

sorting incoming mail, attending briefings and hearings, conducting legislative
research, and other tasks as needed.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, willingness to contribute to a team environment, and eagerness to learn
about the political process and congressional affairs. Delaware ties are a plus.
To apply, please send one compiled PDF of your resume, a cover letter that
describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and 2
references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov, indicating the office (DC or
Wilmington) and the term you are applying for in the subject line. For example:
“DC Fall 2020 Internship.” Please note in the cover letter or body of the email if
the internship is for school credit.
Deadline for applications: August 12 at 11:59pm ET. No phone calls, emails, or
drop-ins please.
For more information visit: https://bluntrochester.house.gov/constituentservices/internships/
MEM-350-22

The office of Rep. Rodney Davis is seeking fall 2022 interns for the DC office.
Motivated individuals should be eager to work and ready to help with various
projects around the office. Interns will have the opportunity to learn about
congress and our government throughout their time here.
To learn more and apply, follow the link to the
site: https://rodneydavis.house.gov/internship-application
or, email kevin.cheng@mail.house.gov your resume and cover letter.

MEM-349-22

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Fall 2022.
Qualified applicants should possess strong communication skills, be interested in
learning about the legislative process, and have a willingness to work in our fastpaced office.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional
tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability
to intern.OH06@gmail.com.

MEM-348-22

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-21) D.C. office seeks interns for the
upcoming Fall 2022 semester (September 6th- December 9th).
Page 19 of 26

The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is
committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This
position demands the ability to multi-task, strong organizational skills and must
work cooperatively and courteously with others in a shared space.
Duties include: answering telephones, compiling daily press clips relevant to the
office’s priorities, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
administrative assistance to the D.C. staff.
Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties
a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF file.
Cover letter should detail reasons for applying to the position as well as
availability. A stipend will be given to accepted applicants.
Deadline to apply by is Friday, August 12, 2022, COB. A minimum of 25 hours
per week is required. All materials must be submitted
to Amaris.Graham@mail.house.gov
MEM-347-22

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office as soon as August 22nd.
Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal
team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings,
answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest.
First-hand experience in Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office
provides interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the
development of public policy. Full-time candidates with California ties and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 20 of 26

MEM-346-22

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Matt Rosendale (MT-At Large) is
currently accepting applications for full-time, paid interns for the Fall internship
session.
Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
daily administrative operations, and legislative research. Interns are also
encouraged to attend hearings, briefings, lectures, and seminars available in
Congress and around the Hill.
Ideal candidates are conservative college students or recent college graduates
with strong communication and organizational skills. Students and recent
graduates interested in learning more about our country’s legislative process are
encouraged to apply. Montana ties are preferred but by no means required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Alexandra
Schindewolf at alexandra.schindewolf@mail.house.gov with the subject line “
Fall 2022 Internship.” Please send all attachments as PDFs. The start date would
be as early as August 22th (with a flexible start and end date depending on
availability).

MEM-344-22

TITLE: Paid Communications Intern
REPORTS TO: Digital Director
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist with communications, performing research, and other office tasks.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
•Experience with graphic design and photography is preferred but is not required.
DUTIES:
•drafts social media content;
•performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
•writes and formats e-newsletters;
•assists in crafting press releases; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the supervisor.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and two references
to StevensInternshipsDC@mail.house.gov with the subject “MI 11
Communications Intern” to be considered for this position.

Page 21 of 26

The preferred start date is anticipated to be between July 18th through July 25th.
The term of this position would be up to 12-weeks.
MEM-343-22

The Committee on Education and Labor (Minority Staff) is seeking August 2022
interns
This is a valuable opportunity to learn more about issues in the committee’s
jurisdiction and how a committee functions.
Qualified applicants should possess a positive attitude, strong communication
skills, and be able to work in a fast-paced office. Responsibilities include
attending briefings for the professional staff, assisting the staff at hearings and
markups, working in the front office, and providing administrative support to the
office.
The internship session will be held for the duration of August. This internship
will be paid and can be given academic credit.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Interested applicants should
email a resume and their availability to cate.dillon@mail.house.gov with the
subject line as “August Internship Application.”

MEM-342-22

The Committee on Education and Labor (Minority Staff) is seeking Fall 2022
interns
This is a valuable opportunity to learn more about issues in the committee’s
jurisdiction and how a committee functions.
Qualified applicants should possess a positive attitude, strong communication
skills, and be able to work in a fast-paced office. Responsibilities include
attending briefings for the professional staff, assisting the staff at hearings and
markups, working in the front office, and providing administrative support to the
office.
The internship session will be held from early August to mid December. This
internship will be paid and can be given academic credit.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Interested applicants should
email a resume and their availability to cate.dillon@mail.house.gov with the
subject line as “Fall 2022 Internship Application.”

MEM-340-22

Fall Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Fall 2022. The internship is in-person and will run from
Page 22 of 26

late August to early December. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Fall 2022 Internship” to Jerome.Vainisi1@mail.house.gov, or by applying
through our website via the following
link: https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships
MEM-338-22

The office of Representative Kai Kahele (HI-02) is currently accepting
applications for Fall interns in both his Hilo, Hawaiʻi and D.C. offices from
September to November 2022.
Hawaiʻi District Office interns will be asked to answer phones, sort mail, research
legislation and stakeholder meetings, assist staff with constituent casework and
outreach activities and perform administrative work as assigned. As a result,
interns will have the opportunity to learn about constituent services and the
functions of a congressional district office.
D.C. Office interns will be asked to answer phones, research legislation, attend
virtual hearings and briefings and draft memos for the Congressman and
legislative staff. As a result, interns will have the opportunity to learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional D.C. office.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention
to detail and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment. We highly
encourage college students and recent graduates to apply. Students in high school
are eligible to apply for our Fall term. Hawai‘i ties are strongly preferred, but not
required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+, unhoused people, and
members of other marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should apply on the Congressman’s website
at https://kahele.house.gov/services/internships

Page 23 of 26

MEM-334-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for fall 2022. This is a hybrid position— hours are worked remotely and
in-person. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible
with Interns will working for approximately 10-16 weeks (August – November).
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

MEM-331-22

Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his Salem office and
Washington D.C. office in Summer 2022. During the COVID-19 pandemic,
interns may work remotely.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, recent college
graduates, students currently enrolled in graduate school. Under very rare
circumstances the office will also host high school students.
Page 24 of 26

RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail
•Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents, COVID-19 permitting
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman
•Assembling press and news clips
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research
APPLICATIONS
Please apply through the internship portal at moulton.house.gov, under the
‘Services’ tab. If you have trouble accessing the application form, please
email grace.curtiss@mail.house.gov.
You will need a cover letter and resume to apply, in addition to filling out the
online application. If you are selected for an interview, a staff member will
contact you. The application deadline is August 3, 2022 at midnight.
MEM-330-22

Team Moulton is seeking exceptional students interested in foreign policy and
national security to participate in the Fern Holland International Affairs
Fellowship Program.
This is a full-time, paid foreign policy fellowship for Summer 2022. This
opportunity is based on financial need and is only open to candidates who are
Pell-grant eligible. The fellowship is in our Washington, D.C. office. Current
undergraduate students, recent college graduates, and students currently enrolled
in graduate school are eligible.
Team Moulton is looking for hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to strengthening our democracy. This fully-funded
fellowship covers the cost of housing, transportation, and food with a stipend.
Women, People of Color, and members of other underrepresented communities
are especially encouraged to apply.
This fellowship offers an in-depth look into a career of service to our nation.
Fellows will be expected to perform rigorous research, advise senior staff and the
Congressman on important issues, and craft policies in international affairs and
national security, in addition to some regularly assigned intern responsibilities.
To apply, please fill out the internship application form at moulton.house.gov
under the ‘Services’ tab and attach a cover letter and resume.
If selected, you will be required to submit a FAFSA form. We are accepting
applications for Fall 2022 through August 3, 2022. Feel free to call our office
Page 25 of 26

with any questions you may have at (202) 225-8020 or email our internship
coordinator, Grace Curtiss (grace.curtiss@mail.house.gov).

Page 26 of 26

