________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 24, 2014
MEM-388-14

Massachusetts Democratic office seeks an undergraduate or graduate
level students as well as recent graduates for Winter/Spring 2015
internships. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents,
handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, and
assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with
correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings,
congressional hearings, receptions, and press events. All internships
are unpaid, but if your college or university offers credit hours we are
more than happy to complete any necessary evaluations.
Massachusetts ties and previous internship experience preferred.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available
hours to NewEnglandResumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-387-14

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and
Technology is seeking full-time interns starting in January 2015.
Interns are asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee
hearings and markups. Interns will work on substantive research
Page 1 of 17

projects and press matters. Additionally, interns are critical to the daily
operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones,
greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/contact-us. Please fill out the
application provided and send in a resume and two professional
references.
MEM-386-14

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard
is seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill
internship positions through April/May. Intern responsibilities
include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting Capitol
Tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting
legislative research and performing other administrative
tasks. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral
communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to
work in a fast-paced environment, an eagerness to learn about the
political process and congressional affairs, as well as full week
availability. Spanish-fluency and California ties are a plus. Please send
a resume, cover letter, a short writing sample (no longer than one
page), and dates of availability to Adam.Sachs@mail.house.gov with
“Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-385-14

The office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is seeking
applications for internships starting in January 2015. As a fast-paced
office for an active member of the Democratic leadership, we expect a
lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship
program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence,
and providing assistance to the legislative staff. Applicants must have
excellent writing and communications skills. Interested applicants
should email a cover letter and resume to tom.gibson@mail.house.gov
with the subject line “Intern Application.”

MEM-384-14

The office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is seeking
applications for internships starting in January 2015. As a fast-paced
office for an active member of the Democratic leadership, we expect a
lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship
program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence,
and providing assistance to the legislative staff. Applicants must have
excellent writing and communications skills. Interested applicants
should email a cover letter and resume to tom.gibson@mail.house.gov
with the subject line “Intern Application.”

Page 2 of 17

MEM-383-14

Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid
interns to fill positions for January through May 2015. Main
responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and
attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be
opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates
should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate
(with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity
for college students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are
preferred. Please e-mail your cover letter, resume, and references to
Samuel Grossman at samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-382-14

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is
seeking a full-time or part-time intern for the Spring of 2015. This is
an opportunity to learn about the inner-workings of a congressional
office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment. The internship
allows access to briefings and interesting events related to a wide
range of important issues. Responsibilities will include, but are not
limited to, attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the
Capitol, conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and
processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess
a professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication
skills, the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and
interest in the legislative and governmental process. To apply, please
send a resume, three references, writing sample, and cover letter to
william.washington@mail.house.gov, with the subject ‘Norton
Internship’. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-381-14

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is accepting applications
for legislative internship positions available in his Washington D.C.
office for the upcoming Spring term. This unpaid internship will
provide an invaluable hands-on experience in a Congressional office
and a greater understanding of the legislative process. Responsibilities
will include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings
on behalf of staff, giving tours of the Capitol, conducting research,
responding to constituent inquiries, and processing tour and flag
requests. Interns will also be given the opportunity to draft memos,
write letters, and become a team member in a fast-paced and collegial
office. Qualified applicants will possess a professional and courteous
demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
acute attention to detail, and interest in the legislative and
governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students seeking Capitol
Hill experience. All majors are encouraged to apply. Ties to New
York’s Fifth Congressional District are preferred, but not required.
Page 3 of 17

Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample to Jordan.Morris@mail.house.gov with “Your Last
Name-Internship App” in the subject line. Please also include dates
and times of availability.
MEM-380-14

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is
seeking a full-time or part-time Press and Social Media intern for the
Spring of 2015. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to
compiling press clips, monitoring daily news, drafting talking points
and press releases, updating social media and working closely with the
communications director. The ideal candidate will have previous
experience in public relations or journalism, possess strong written
communications skills, ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and professional manner. Please note that the internship is unpaid and
housing is not provided, but student can qualify for academic credit
depending on the requirements of the college or university. Interested
applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, short writing sample
(in the form of a speech or press release) and dates of availability with
"Norton Internship" in the subject line to
Jason.spear@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-379-14

The DC office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from
Washington’s 6th district, is looking for personable, diligent full-time
or part-time interns to start for winter session (December/January –
early spring). This is an opportunity to learn about the inner-workings
of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment.
The internship allows access to briefings and interesting events related
to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities include assisting
with constituent correspondence, producing daily press clips, and
leading tours of the Capitol. This is a unique opportunity and prime for
students or recent grads who are interested in learning about the
legislative process or may eventually want to work for the federal
government.
To apply, please send a resume, contact information for two
references, and a cover letter outlining your interest in the position to
nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within
a week. Those with Washington state ties strongly encouraged to
apply. We look forward to hearing from you!

MEM-377-14

Nevada Republican seeks an intern for the Spring 2015 semester.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining
valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the
United States Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting
constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns will also
Page 4 of 17

have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with
correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional
hearings, receptions, and press events. Our office is looking for an
intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written
and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be self-starters,
take and listen to direction, and be willing to work both independently
as well as part of a team environment. Applicants should have
working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a
willingness to do assist with daily office tasks. Nevada ties preferred.
Interns must be able to commit three full days a week (9:00am6:00pm) at minimum. Students welcome to apply. Those interested
please send resume and cover letter to
kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.
MEM-376-14

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking
highly motivated and organized applicants for a full or part-time
unpaid internship for the 2015 spring internship program. Starting
dates run from early January with flexible end dates. Candidates
should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will
mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours
of the U.S. Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or
briefings for legislative staff, and performing various administrative
tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not required. The months of the
internship may vary depending on the availability or school schedule
of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover letter to
intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2015 Spring Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-375-14

Congresswoman Annie Kuster (NH-2) seeks energetic, motivated, and
detail-oriented winter and spring interns for DC office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: staffing the front desk
area and greeting all office visitors, leading constituents on capitol
tours, processing mail, attending hearings and meetings, researching
issue areas and writing legislative briefings and memos, and providing
general administrative support for staff and the Member. New England
ties preferred. All internships are unpaid. Please send cover letter and
resume to NH02.Internship@mail.house.gov along with your dates of
availability. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-374-14

The Office of Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks interns
for Spring 2015 (Jan-May). Internship responsibilities will include:
assisting with research, processing mail, data entry, reception duties,
office errands, and other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor.
Ideal candidate will have strong oral and written communication
abilities, a willingness to learn, basic knowledge of the political
Page 5 of 17

process, and a firm opinion on the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia.
Pennsylvania ties preferred. Both full and part time will be considered.
Please send a resume, cover letter (including availability), and writing
sample to Liz Leibowitz at liz.leibowitz@mail.house.gov. Please no
phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-373-14

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her
District office for unpaid Constituent Services and Outreach
internships during the Spring 2015 term (January – April/May).
Constituent Service Internship - Constituent Service Interns will work
in the District office to assist Constituent Service Representatives.
Responsibilities include assisting with constituent files, gathering
information from federal agencies, and answering constituent calls.
S/he will monitor congressional inquiries through online databases.
Outreach Internship - The Outreach Intern will work in the District
office supporting the team with a variety of outreach projects and
activities, including event planning, and advocacy communications.
The Outreach Intern also conducts project research using the web and
traditional sources such as booth set up at events. S/he helps develop
several databases and lists of state, local/civic, and federal
organizations and government agencies. S/he must monitor local and
national media through print, online/blog and television news media.
The Outreach Intern also responds to outreach-related initiatives and
assists with general outreach efforts.
Ideal candidates for both positions will be detailed oriented, well
organized, and able to conduct research. Interns should also possess
strong written and verbal communication skills in a professional
setting. Undergraduates and recent graduates of any major with ties to
Maryland are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume,
cover letter stating your availability, and a brief and relevant writing
sample (maximum one page) by November 28th to
internship.md04@mail.house.gov.

MEM-372-14

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her
Washington, D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the
Spring 2015 term (January – April/May). Applicants should have a
familiarity with the legislative process and have a desire to learn while
being a part of a hardworking team. Ideal candidates will possess
strong writing and verbal communication skills, a demonstrated
interest in legislative issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct
research, and an enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity
to assist staff with legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings
and hearings, draft memos, sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol
Page 6 of 17

tours. Candidates with Maryland ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a brief
and relevant writing sample (maximum one page) by November 28th
to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
MEM-371-14

A congressional internship on Capitol Hill provides students with the
unique opportunity to cultivate research and writing skills while
gaining important professional experience. Interns in Congressman
Amodei’s (R-NV) office will work closely with staff to learn about the
legislative process.
Responsibilities include:
•Answering phones
•Legislative research
•Providing historical tours of the US Capitol for constituents
•Attending committee hearings and briefings
•Assisting staff with special projects
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to Lauren Currie at Lauren.Currie@mail.house.gov. There is potential
for a stipend.

MEM-370-14

The Office of Congresswoman Jackie Speier (CA-14) is seeking
winter quarter interns for the DC office. Qualified candidates will be
able to multi-task and thrive in a fast-paced work environment, while
providing high-quality “customer service” to our constituents.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, handling
constituent correspondence, answering phones, booking and leading
constituent tours, attending hearings and briefings, and assisting
legislative staff where needed. Students and recent graduates with ties
to California’s 14th district are strongly preferred; general California
ties are a must. Interested candidates should send their resume, cover
letter, and two writing samples to speier.internships@mail.house.gov
by December 12. Interns will begin January 5 or 12 depending on their
availability, and end in mid-March. Qualified candidates will be
contacted for interview. No phone calls, please.

MEM-367-14

The Office of Congressman Michael Capuano (D-MA) is seeking fulltime interns to aid our administrative and legislative teams.
Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending
legislative hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent
mail, giving Capitol tours, and assisting in any other special
projects/tasks that may arise. Applicants should be self-motivated,
reliable, hardworking, and have strong communication skills.
Massachusetts ties preferred, but not required. Previous internship

Page 7 of 17

experience is a plus.
Spring 2015 internships start early January and run through the end of
the semester (usually the middle of May). Internships are unpaid.
Academic credit is available.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a onepage writing sample to juliet.albin@mail.house.gov.
MEM-365-14

Congressman Vern Buchanan (R-FL-16) has full-time and part-time,
unpaid internships available for the spring session (January-May) in
his Washington, DC office. Qualified candidates should possess
excellent organizational and communication skills, should have a
positive attitude, and a strong work ethic. Although internships are
unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students
to receive credit at their respective college or university. All interested
individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
jillian.gates@mail.house.gov with “2015 Spring Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-364-14

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (DNY) is offering internship opportunities for students and recent
graduates starting immediately. First-hand experience in
Congresswoman Slaughter’s office will provide interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of
public policy and government affairs. Intern responsibilities include
drafting letters to constituents, attending committee hearings, writing
summary briefs, researching various issues for the legislative staff and
assisting with additional office duties.
Interns will receive unique insight into the legislative process and
parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s
position as the Ranking Member of the House Rules Committee. The
Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major
pieces of legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor,
including which amendments can be offered.
The internship provides different opportunities with staff to discuss
their experiences on the Hill and future employment strategies.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three
page writing sample to James Blum at
NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to
contact James at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-363-14

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (DNY) is offering internship opportunities for students and recent
Page 8 of 17

graduates starting immediately. First-hand experience in
Congresswoman Slaughter's office will provide interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of
public policy and government affairs. Intern responsibilities include
drafting letters to constituents, attending committee hearings, writing
summary briefs, researching various issues for the legislative staff and
assisting with additional office duties.
Interns will receive unique insight into the legislative process and
parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter's
position as the Ranking Member of the House Rules Committee. The
Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major
pieces of legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor,
including which amendments can be offered.
The internship provides different opportunities with staff to discuss
their experiences on the Hill and future employment strategies.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three
page writing sample to James Blum at
NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to
contact James at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.
MEM-361-14

Congressman Lloyd Doggett (D-TX) is seeking Internship applicants
for his Washington, DC office for Spring 2015. These positions offer a
unique opportunity to help respond to individuals who need help with
a federal problem, and to learn about broader community and national
concerns. Interns assist staff with constituent services and legislative
research. If you are interested in interning, email
elisa.santana@mail.house.gov with your resume and three references,
a writing sample, and advise when you would be available. Candidates
should have a strong work ethic and a positive attitude. Texas ties and
Spanish skills a plus.

MEM-360-14

The Office of Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson is seeking fulltime and part-time unpaid interns for the Spring 2015 semester in the
member’s Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities will include
assisting the administrative and legislative staff with writing,
legislative research, constituent services, and attending various
briefings and hearings. Candidates should be self-motivated, detail
oriented and possess strong oral and written communication skills.
This is an excellent opportunity to gain experience on Capitol Hill
while learning about the legislative process. Texas ties are preferred,
but not required. If you are interested in this internship opportunity,
please e-mail a cover letter, resume, references and a writing sample to
DCintern.tx30@gmail.com. Please no phone calls or walk-ins.

Page 9 of 17

MEM-359-14

The office of a NY Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring
interesting and creative content for the website on various topics and
other tasks as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have
excellent writing and communication skills. All interested and
qualified candidates should email a resume and three writing samples:
two previous articles and one hypothetical article about a congressman
who has secured a grant for his district. Please submit all inquiries to:
pressinterns08@mail.house.gov.

MEM-358-14

Energetic NY Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative
intern to join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid
internship in the Spring. Candidates should possess a professional and
courteous demeanor, interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, the ability to multi-task, attention to detail, and
a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office duties.
Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work
experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume,
cover letter, and a short writing sample to
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer. No
calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-356-14

Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-3) is currently seeking
interns in his Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2015 (JanuaryMay). Interns perform a variety of responsibilities, including
answering phones, receiving guests, and providing tours of the Capitol
Building. They will also research legislation for the legislative staff,
attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House. Interns should possess strong research,
writing, analytical, and interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates
should express an interest in politics and conservative values. All
internships are unpaid. However, if your college or university offers
credit hours we are happy to complete any necessary evaluations.
Interested candidates should contact Claire Trokey and email their
resume and cover letter to: claire.trokey@mail.house.gov.

MEM-355-14

The office of Congressman Albio Sires (NJ-08) seeks motivated, wellorganized interns for our Washington, DC office on a full or part-time
basis. Excellent writing and communication skills as well as good
judgment are essential. Duties will include assisting staff with
correspondence and research, attending hearings and briefings,
greeting guests, answering phones & other duties as needed. If you are
interested, please fax a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to
202-226-0792.
Page 10 of 17

MEM-354-14

MEM-353-14

Midwest Democrat is seeking interns for the spring 2015 semester.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining
valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the
United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct
legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some
Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern
responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol
Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is
unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able
to find information with little assistance, be able to work both
independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events
and policy topics, as well as an interest in American Government,
fiscal issues, education and reproductive rights. Wisconsin ties a plus.
Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00
am-6:00 pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to
Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov by Decmber 15th, 2014.
The Office of Congressman John K. Delaney is looking for highly
qualified students or recent college graduates to serve as interns in our
district offices in Gaithersburg and Hagerstown, MD for the 2015
Spring semester. Interns are an integral part of the team and are given
substantial opportunities to learn and grow in a fast-paced and active
office. Our district office interns work with us as full-fledged members
of our staff and are responsible for assisting other staff with
constituent outreach, casework, and office management. As a part of
these responsibilities, interns will be asked to answer phones, meet
with constituents, write letters, process incoming casework, and
research casework issues for field representatives. In addition, interns
may be assigned to assist in various constituent casework or work on
district-based projects of importance. As a result, interns learn about
the constituent services component of every congressional office.
The ideal candidate will be professional, responsible, and friendly.
They should be organized, eager to learn, able to work both
individually and as part of a team, perform well under pressure, and
adapt to rapidly changing situations. Preference will be given to
applicants who can work a minimum of 30 hours per week and give a
10-week minimum commitment. Specific start and end dates as well
as the weekly schedule are negotiable.

Page 11 of 17

This is an unpaid internship; however, academic credit can be
arranged through participating institutions. Interested applicants must
send a cover letter and resume to MD06.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 12 of 17

MEM-352-14

Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining
valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the
United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct
legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some
Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern
responsibilities will also include greeting constituents, handling
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours,
and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able
to find information with little assistance, be able to work both
independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail. Applicants should have working knowledge of current events
and policy topics, as well as an interest in American Government.
Wisconsin ties a plus.
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00
am-6:00 pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to
Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov by December 15th, 2014.

MEM-351-14

Washington, D.C. — Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his
Leadership office with availability beginning in January.
Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) assisting in preparing
Caucus events, answering phones, providing constituency outreach
support to Democratic Members of Congress and their staff, conducting
research, extracting and formatting large quantities of data, writing
detailed memos, attending relevant briefings and meetings, and
assisting with team projects. Applicants should be self-starters,
motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and written
communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multi-task.
Experience or interest in social media is a plus. Minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic
credit or congressional internship/fellowship program participants. The
intern should be prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please send
a cover letter and resume to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-350-14

Progressive New England Democrat is seeking highly motivated
individuals for unpaid Congressional internship for Spring 2015.
Responsibilities include drafting constituent letters, assisting legislative
Page 13 of 17

staff with research, assisting with front office duties, and various
administrative tasks. Candidates must possess strong writing and
communication skills and be able to work 3-5 days per week. Ties to
Rhode Island are strongly preferred. To apply, please send resume with
references, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
RI01Internship@gmail.com.
MEM-349-14

The Office of Congressman Reid Ribble is seeking qualified candidates
to intern full time in our Washington, D.C. office starting in January
2015. We are interested in candidates of all academic disciplines.
Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office
administration, legislative research, constituent correspondence, and
other duties as assigned. Administration will include daily tasks such as
welcoming guests, being aware of the Congressman’s and staff’s
schedules, answering phones, constituent tours, mail administration,
and other duties. Legislative research and constituent correspondence
will include being aware of current and pending legislation, researching
legislation for constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and
other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills,
strong organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work
independently, and the drive to take the initiative in a fast-paced
environment.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send resume,
writing samples, and references to jeffrey.kuckuck@mail.house.gov.

MEM-344-14

Ohio Republican seeks full time hard working intern for immediate
hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone
calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours,
attending various briefings, providing research for the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong
communication skills, ability to work in a fast paced working
environment, and have an interest in learning more about the legislative
process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly
preferred.

MEM-343-14

The Washington DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan is
currently accepting applications for the SPRING 2015. Intern
responsibilities include researching legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, answering phones,
Page 14 of 17

day to day office duties, and answering constituent letters on various
issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM
– 5:30 PM when Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when
not in session. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover
letter to MeehanDCIntern@gmail.com. The deadline to apply is
November 7, 2014. Ties to Pennsylvania’s 7th Congressional District
are preferred, but not required.
MEM-342-14

The office of Congressman Keith Ellison seeks unpaid interns to fill a
position for November 17 through February 17, 2014. Main
responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, researching legislative issues, and
attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be opportunities
to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be selfmotivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good
understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Minnesota ties strongly preferred. If
interested, please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
zach.freed@mail.house.gov.

MEM-341-14

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Tim Bishop is currently
seeking interns available to begin at the end of October 2014. Interns
should be comfortable answering office phones, greeting office visitors,
giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, assisting the legislative staff with
research, sorting mail, taking notes at hearings and briefings, as well as
assisting with general office work. Strong writing and interpersonal
skills are necessary. Applicants should be hard working, intelligent, and
enthusiastic with an interest in politics, history and government. Long
Island or New York ties are a plus, but not required. Those interested
should send a resume to ny01.internapplications@gmail.com. College
students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply. Please note this
is an unpaid position. The office of Congressman Tim Bishop is happy
to work with colleges and universities for credit.

MEM-339-14

Congressman Jerry McNerney (CA-09) is currently accepting
applications for Fall/Winter internship positions in his Washington
D.C. office. This unpaid internship will provide valuable hands-on
experience in a Congressional office and a greater understanding of the
legislative process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol,
conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and
processing tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a
professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills,
the ability to multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the
Page 15 of 17

legislative and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. All majors are encouraged
to apply. Ties to California’s Ninth Congressional District are
preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume
and cover letter to nick.sullivan@mail.house.gov with “CA-09
Internship” in the subject line. Include dates of availability.
MEM-338-14

The Office of Representative Kevin Brady (TX-08) is currently seeking
a paid full-time intern (part-time also possible- but may not be paid)
for our Washington, D.C. office. Qualified candidates are well
organized, with good oral and written communication skills, and
possess a strong interest in learning about the political process and
congressional affairs. Duties include but are not limited to, answering
phones, compiling briefing binders, batching mail, performing
legislative research, and attending briefings. Interns interact heavily
with constituents so a positive attitude is a must. Applicants must be
detail oriented with a strong work ethic and an eagerness to represent
the 8th district of Texas. Previous Hill experience not required.
Interested Candidates should send a resume and cover letter to:
TX08intern@gmail.com.

MEM-337-14

Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-3) is currently seeking interns
in his Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2015 (January-May). Interns
perform a variety of responsibilities, including answering phones,
receiving guests, and providing tours of the Capitol Building. They will
also research legislation for the legislative staff, attend hearings and
briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the
House. Interns should possess strong research, writing, analytical, and
interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates should express an interest in
politics and conservative values. All internships are unpaid. However,
if your college or university offers credit hours we are happy to
complete any necessary evaluations. Interested candidates should
contact Claire Trokey and email their resume and cover letter to:
claire.trokey@mail.house.gov.

MEM-336-14

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level
students as well as recent graduates with an interest in government and
public policy to apply for its Fall 2014 internship. Working closely
with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain firsthand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee
and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House
of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff
with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight,
Page 16 of 17

member services, and other projects as well as providing general front
office support. Please note that this is not a paid internship. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available hours to
CHADem.Intern@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA
Dem Internship.”
MEM-335-14

Moderate Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full or parttime unpaid congressional internship for Fall 2014. Duties will include
conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front
office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates
must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. San Diego
residents or strong ties to California are preferred. Please send a
resume, cover letter and writing sample to
CA52.internships@gmail.com with “Fall Congressional Internship” in
the subject line.

MEM-334-14

Conservative Fall & Spring Internship. The office of Representative
Stephen Fincher (TN-08) is looking for motivated interns for the 2014
Fall and 2015 Spring semesters in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern
responsibilities include assisting the staff with general office duties,
attending briefings and hearings, answering phones, sorting mail,
giving Capitol tours, and performing various other tasks based on
ability and interests. Applicants must possess strong communication
skills, have a positive attitude and be well-organized. Internship may be
full-time or part-time to fit applicant's schedule. Interested candidates
should send a cover letter and résumé to TN08.Intern@mail.house.gov.
Tennessee ties preferred, but not required.

MEM-333-14

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated
intern to join his Washington, DC office from November through
February. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners,
and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written communication
skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include
assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and
meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US
Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and
managing tour and flag requests. Full-time candidates with California
ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged
to apply. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover
letter and dates of availability to
Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 17 of 17

