________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 24, 2019

MEM-262-19

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for internships in Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with
research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the
Communications Director with drafting talking points, creating graphics for
social media, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning in September
2019. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter.
Page 1 of 8

MEM-261-19

A senior-ranking Republican member on the Committee of Ways & Means is
seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships for Fall of 2019. Interns
will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand
knowledge of the legislative process. D.C. responsibilities include leading Capitol
tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending
briefings and hearings. Florida ties are strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to
housegopinternshipfl16@outlook.com No phone calls or drop-ins will be
considered.

MEM-260-19

The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking fulltime paid interns for Fall of 2019 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates
will be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication
skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence,
Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Interns are paid a monthly stipend.
The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well
as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be
willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more
about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
wi06resumes@gmail.com

MEM-259-19

Congressman Sam Graves (MO-06) is actively seeking full-time and part-time
fall interns to serve in his Washington, DC office. Interns will work closely with
our D.C. staff and gain experience working on legislative research, press work,
and constituent services.
Current college students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply, with
preference given to those with connections to Missouri’s 6th District. Students
interested in applying should send their resume to Chase Hite at
chase.hite@mail.house.gov

MEM-257-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Sean Casten (IL-06) is seeking
candidates for a paid internship for Fall of 2019. Interns will observe the inner
workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the
legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering
phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings,
and working on special projects.
Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to
find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well
as part of a team and have strong attention to detail.

Page 2 of 8

Interested applicants should visit the Congressman’s website
https://casten.house.gov/services/internships/ or email
Casten.Internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject
line. Please fill out the provided applications and attach a resume and cover letter.
If you believe you are eligible for financial assistance, please also explain in 2-3
paragraphs as to why you believe you should receive assistance.
Applications due by July 15th at midnight. No drop ins, please. This office is an
equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or
sexual orientation. Full and part-time candidate with Illinois ties are preferred.
Do not hesitate to contact the office if you have any questions regarding our
internship program, 202-225-4561.
MEM-255-19

The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting
applications for full-time internships for the fall 2019 session. Working closely
with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand
knowledge of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional
committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced front office, answering
phones, and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting staff with
hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research
projects, and various other tasks as assigned.
Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and
possess an energetic, team player attitude. Candidates with previous Hill
experience are preferred. Note that Committee internships are unpaid positions.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to:
var.internship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-254-19

The Democratic Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks full or
part-time, unpaid Legal Interns for a mid-August or early September start date,
running through the end of the 2019 calendar year. Responsibilities may include
conducting legislative research, attending briefings and hearings for staff,
preparing and assembling materials for Committee hearings and events, and other
tasks as assigned or needed.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have
excellent writing and communications skills. An interest in environmental law is
strongly desired; this internship is geared towards those in 2L or 3L programs.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Fall
Legal Intern” in the subject line by July 10, 2019. Please include your
approximate dates of availability in the message, and how many days per week
you would be available. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse
candidates are encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins please.

Page 3 of 8

MEM-253-19

The Democratic Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks full or
part-time, unpaid Interns for a mid-August or early September start date, running
through the end of the 2019 calendar year. Responsibilities may include
conducting administrative tasks for the committee, attending briefings and
hearings for staff, conducting research projects, preparing and assembling
materials for Committee hearings and events, and other tasks as assigned or
needed.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have
excellent writing and communications skills. An interest in environmental,
climate change, or science policy is strongly desired.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Fall
Intern” in the subject line by July 10, 2019. Please include your approximate
dates of availability in the message, and how many days per week you would be
available. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-251-19

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01), a Senior Member of the Energy and
Commerce Committee and Natural Resources Committee, seeks undergraduate or
graduate students for full-time or part-time internships in her Washington, D.C.
office. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail,
attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research
assistance to the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have strong communication skills and an interest in the
legislative process. Colorado ties are preferred but not required. The ideal
candidate will be able to intern at least two full days per week. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
Blaise.Hokkanen@mail.house.gov

MEM-249-19

“The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate-level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for a
Fall 2019 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives.
Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings
(hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone inquiries and
providing support to all Committee staff. Background in science is a plus.
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter to
house.science.committee@mail.house.gov.”

Page 4 of 8

MEM-248-19

The office of Congressman Larry Bucshon (IN-08) is currently seeking applicants
for internships in the Congressman’s D.C. office for the fall of 2019. Duties
include drafting constituent correspondence, greeting constituents and answering
phones, performing legislative research, leading tours of the Capitol, attending
policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional tasks to
assist the Congressman’s staff.
We’re looking for college students or recent graduates who are motivated, detailorientated, and ready to work in a fast paced setting. A positive attitude and an
interest in politics are a must. District 8 or Indiana ties are preferred but not
required.
Please email a resume & cover letter describing your interest in the position to
connor.roberts@mail.house.gov

MEM-247-19

The Democratic Staff of the House Natural Resources Committee is currently
seeking full-time Legislative Interns for our Fall/Winter session which runs from
September-December. Interns are offered a stipend and are eligible for metro
benefits. Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above
all, we seek interns who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction and demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills.
A Legislative Internship offers a unique set of opportunities including the chance
to attend committee hearings, markups, briefings, and meetings, in addition to
gaining firsthand experience with the legislative process at the Committee level.
Primary duties include:
•Researching legislative policy issues
•Answering phone calls
•Sorting and distributing mail
•Conducting background research
•Performing stakeholder outreach
•Compiling data and statistics
•Assembling committee documents
•Tracking House floor proceedings
To apply for our Fall/Winter session, send a cover letter, resume, and short
writing sample to Carlyn LeGrant at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Fall Legislative Internship Application”
The deadline to apply is July 8th, 2019.

MEM-246-19

Congressman Andy Levin (D-MI) is seeking a Digital Media Intern for a
temporary paid position in his Washington, D.C. office. The intern will assist
with the greater communications operation, but will focus on digital media
content creation. Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to social media
content generation, website maintenance, analytics, photography, videography,
media monitoring and staffing the member. Candidates will have a keen eye for
Page 5 of 8

design, a desire to grow and learn in the political communications space,
knowledge of graphic design and video editing, a positive attitude and a sense of
humor.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a
resume, cover letter, a writing sample, graphic design sample and a link to a
video using the subject line “Digital Media Intern” to MI09.Resumes@gmail.com
MEM-244-19

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Fall 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties
are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please.
Applications must be received by COB July 1st. To apply, email a single PDF
including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and cover letter listing your
availability to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov

MEM-241-19

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks
a full-time, paid interns for the fall semester. Interns are asked to work with staff
to help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on
substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters.
Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including
tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
https://science.house.gov/contact/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-240-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Frank Lucas (OK-3) is seeking
candidates for a paid internship for Fall of 2019. Interns will observe the inner
workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the
legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering
phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings,
and working on special projects. Oklahoma ties are strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to Jacob.Rainbolt@mail.house.gov,
with "Internship Application" in the subject line.

MEM-236-19

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for
the Fall 2019 session in his Capitol Hill office. The spring session dates are
August 26th- December 13th. The internship schedule is flexible to accommodate
classes. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and
briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as
well as assist with other constituent services.
Page 6 of 8

Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First
Congressional District are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to
Curran.smolinsky@mail.house.gov before July 5th. Please specify what your
internship schedule may look like.
MEM-233-19

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office. Candidates should be collegial, professional,
quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written
communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include
assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing
memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-227-19

Congressman Dwight Evans (PA-03) is seeking highly motivated interns for the
Fall of 2019. Strong communication skills required. Must be dependable and a
team player. Duties include answering constituent phone calls and inquiries,
attending congressional briefings and hearings, conducting research for
legislative staff, compiling press clips for the communications team, and leading
Capitol tours. Interns will gain valuable professional experience and inside
knowledge of the legislative process on Capitol Hill.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Philadelphia
or Pennsylvania ties preferred but not required. Qualified candidates should send
a resume and cover letter to Matthew.Holcombe@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Fall 2019 Internship.”

MEM-226-19

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks full or
part-time legislative and press interns for fall 2019 to start in early August.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to conducting legislative research,
Page 7 of 8

answering phones, attending briefings and hearings for staff, compiling press
clips, drafting content, and other tasks depending on the needs of the Committee
and the intern’s interests. Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written
communications skills as well as a desire to help veterans and learn about the
House and legislative process.
Submit a resume and cover letter to veterans.internships@mail.house.gov. Please
include in your cover letter how many days a week you would be available to
intern as well as your preferred start and end dates. Indicate in the subject line
whether you are applying for a legislative or press internship. Student veterans
preferred, but not required.
Internships are unpaid, so interns will be required to be receiving academic credit
from their respective college or university or be sponsored by an organization and
have outside funding.
MEM-219-19

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Fall 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks.
District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop
ins, please. Applications must be received by COB July 1st.
To apply, email a single PDF including your resume, 1-2 page writing sample,
and cover letter listing your availability to FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov

Page 8 of 8

