________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 24, 2023

MEM-393-23

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) is seeking full or part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
research. This is a paid internship that complies with the House Paid Internship
Program.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: McClintock
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-389-23

The Democratic Staff of the U.S. House Select Committee on Strategic
Competition between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party seeks
qualified undergraduate students and recent graduates for paid internships for the
Summer and Fall 2023 sessions. This position is hybrid (in-office and remote).
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legislative research, providing
support to investigations, drafting memoranda, and performing other policy and
administrative tasks as necessary. Interns play a key role in the office and will
work closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Page 1 of 20

Our ideal candidates are organized, committed, and eager to join a fast-paced
environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, research
and writing skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well
under pressure in a team environment.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. A background and/or interest in subject areas related to the People’s
Republic of China is strongly preferred.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to SCCDems.resumes@mail.house.gov. Please put
“[Summer/Fall] 2023 Intern Application” in the subject line. In your cover letter,
please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes. For the Summer
session, the Committee is seeking to hire interns as soon as possible.
MEM-388-23

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking fall interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams with
drafting, and other tasks as assigned.
Successful candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working,
detail-oriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player.
Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Interns will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall DC Intern” in the subject line. No
phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-385-23

Congressman Cliff Bentz (OR-02) is seeking Fall interns for his Washington
D.C. Office.
Congressman Bentz is a member of the House Judiciary Committee and the
House Natural Resources Committee. Ideal candidates will be college students or
recent graduates who are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detail-oriented,
enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and have customer service experience.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations
and legislative research. Although no two days are the same, an intern may be
expected to answer phones, greet Oregonians, attend policy meetings with other
staff, and assist in managing constituent correspondences and administrative
operations. Interns may also lead tours of the U.S. Capitol and attend committee
hearings.
Page 2 of 20

Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide
valuable experience for future endeavors. The internship will generate the
opportunity to foster excellent connections, learn about many issues affecting our
state and country, gain expertise in any policy areas you might be interested in,
and get a detailed look at what makes the United States the most enduring
democracy in the world.
Desired Availability: Applicants should be able to commit to at least 20 hours per
week. Office hours are 9:00AM – 5:00PM weekdays. The internship is in-person.
All interested applicants are asked to fill out the application form found on the
Congressman’s website: https://bentz.house.gov/services/internships.
MEM-380-23

Committee on House Administration – Majority Staff
Title: Legal Intern
Reports to: General Counsel/Deputy Staff Director
Job Summary: This temporary position performs a key role in assisting
committee staff with the development and execution of the Committee on House
Administration’s strategy with respect to elections, legislative oversight, and
Capitol security issues, as well as ensuring that the committee’s activities are
operated in conformance with applicable statutes, House Rules, and Committee
Rules. Goals of this position include development of the incumbent's legal
research, writing, and advice skills, exposure to the Committee's areas of
jurisdiction, and increased knowledge of the Legislative Branch.
Major Duties:
•Legal research as directed by General Counsel or other members of the legal
team.
•Writing tasks to include plain-English advice and memoranda.
•Committee hearing/meeting monitoring and preparation assistance.
•As the Congressional calendar warrants, assistance to General Counsel with
respect to the debate of legislation either in Committee or on the Floor of the
House.
•Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
•Ability to work full-time and in-person at our Washington, D.C. office.
•Enrolled at an accredited U.S. law school (or a recent graduate).
•Authorization to work in the United States.
•Demonstrated interest in developing legal research and writing skills and open to
mentoring and constructive, productive feedback.
•Ability to initiate and maintain positive working relationships with colleagues.
•Ability to complete assigned tasks and prioritize those tasks in an efficient
manner in a high-pressure environment that may require tight deadlines.
•Dedicated focus on strong communication.
Page 3 of 20

•Ability to act with integrity and in a fair and equitable fashion toward all
Members, staff, and stakeholders.
•Anticipates and adjusts for problems.
•Creative and has a willingness to learn and grow.
Benefits:
•Paid stipend.
•Transit benefits.
•Class credit (if available through the law school).
* This is a congressional position. Applicants' partisan affiliation may be
considered.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of
work being performed by incumbents assigned to this job. This is not intended to
be an exhaustive list of all the responsibilities, duties, and skills required. The
duties may be changed and other duties may be assigned.
To apply, please send a resume and writing sample
to Hannah.Fraher@mail.house.gov.
MEM-378-23

LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP
Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking enthusiastic highly
motivated part time legislative interns to work in person Washington, DC office
for the fall 2023 session.
Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day operations of
our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
legislative and communications staff. This includes attending congressional
hearings, writing memos, administrative tasks, answering phones, sorting mail,
and assisting staff.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and
editing skills. Preferred applicants have District ties, though not required. This is
a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application
via https://meeks.house.gov/services/internships with a resume, cover letter, up to
2-page writing sample, no later than Wednesday July 26th at 11:59 PM.

MEM-377-23

PRESS/DIGITAL INTERNSHIP
Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking an enthusiastic, highly
motivated press/digital intern to work in person in the Washington, DC office for
the fall 2023 session.
Page 4 of 20

Press/Digital Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day
operations of our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities
to assist our communications staff. This includes, but is not limited to attending
press conferences, compiling press clips, drafting social media posts, drafting
press releases, talking points and other written materials, answering phones, and
sorting mail.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual and have strong writing and editing
skills. A working knowledge of digital content creation products (Adobe Creative
Suite, Canva, or equivalent products) is a plus.
Preferred applicants have District ties, though not required. This is a paid
opportunity.
Please submit your application
via https://meeks.house.gov/services/internships with a resume, one-page writing
sample and graphic design sample no later than Wednesday July 26th at 11:59
PM.
MEM-376-23

The DC office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently
accepting applicants for paid and unpaid fall internships (September – December
2023). The DC office offers two types of internships:
LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP
Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff by preparing briefing notes and
memos, researching legislation, tracking legislative activity, providing mail
program support, answering phones, inputting casework inquiries, attending
hearings, and advancing the Congresswoman’s legislative agenda.
Ideal candidates for this internship possess strong communication skills, an
excellent attention to detail, an ability to adapt and succeed in a fast-paced
workplace, and a good sense of humor. Ties to Washington State are preferred,
but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF document
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Fall Internship-[LAST NAME]” in the
subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship you are applying
for.
The deadline for applications is Monday, July 31, 2023, at 5 PM PT, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are
incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity,
Page 5 of 20

national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information,
age, military service, or another non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants and
individuals in underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no
unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.
PRESS INTERNSHIP
Press Interns assist the communications staff by compiling media clips, drafting
social media posts and press releases, creating digital content, answering phones,
inputting casework inquiries, and aiding the Congresswoman’s communications
efforts. Experience working in communications is a plus.
Ideal candidates for this internship possess strong communication skills, an
excellent attention to detail, an ability to adapt and succeed in a fast-paced
workplace, and a good sense of humor. Ties to Washington State are preferred,
but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF document
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Fall Internship-[LAST NAME]” in the
subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship you are applying
for.
The deadline for applications is Monday, July 31, 2023, at 5 PM PT, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are
incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity,
national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information,
age, military service, or another non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants and
individuals in underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no
unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-375-23

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergrad students and recent graduates for legislative interns for the
Fall 2023 session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well
as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.

Page 6 of 20

Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fastpaced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a
sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time
candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly
encouraged to apply. Interns will receive a stipend, and applicants may request
the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your
cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and
whether you are available to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Fall 2023
Legislative Intern Application” in the subject line.
The deadline for applications is July 31, 2023. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-373-23

The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated
candidates for a paid Fall 2023 internship position in our D.C. office.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills,
can multi-task, and is committed to being a team player. Responsibilities will
include answering phones, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the needs of
the Congresswoman’s staff.
The internship will run through the Fall semester, from 9am-6pm when Congress
is in session and from 9am-5pm when Congress is not in session. Ties to
Nevada’s First District are strongly preferred.
The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status. Women, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of
other historically marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and short (1-2 page)
writing sample in a single document to Ciara.Donovan@mail.house.gov with
“[LAST NAME, FIRST NAME] Fall 2023 Internship Application” in the subject
line. No calls or drop-ins, please.

Page 7 of 20

Applications will be accepted until Friday, August 11th with applications
considered on a rolling basis.
MEM-372-23

The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly
motivated, proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications
team.
Applicants must be available to begin in early September. Qualified candidates
will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay attention to detail, be
responsive and punctual, and have solid writing and editing skills. Preferred
applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and are willing to perform and
follow through on a wide variety of tasks. A monthly stipend is available.
• Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
• Position can be virtual, in person, or hybrid
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and
Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Photoshop or Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Drafting short newsletters
*Editing written materials, such as newsletters or press releases
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should please send resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples,
and a graphic sample (if applicable)
to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com

MEM-371-23

The office of Congressman Emanuel Cleaver, II (D-MO) is accepting
applications for a paid in-person fall internship. Current college students and
recent college graduates are welcome to apply.
Responsibilities include sorting constituent mail, answering phones, attending
hearings and briefings, leading tours, drafting constituent response letters, and
assisting the legislative staff. Ideal candidates will have strong written and
interpersonal skills, a positive work ethic, and the ability to manage multiple
tasks simultaneously. Kansas City and Missouri ties are a plus.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and a one-page writing sample in
a single pdf to MO5internships@mail.house.gov with “Cleaver Internship
Summer 2023” as the subject. Candidates must include their intended start and
end date in their cover letter. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis until
Friday, August 4th. Please, no phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins.

Page 8 of 20

The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-368-23

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for the fall of 2023. This is an in-person opportunity, with some hybrid
work-from-home hours possible. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

MEM-366-23

PRESS AND DIGITAL INTERN
The House Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time digital
media and traditional press intern position this fall.

Page 9 of 20

The intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content creation,
graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and administrative tasks
as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling
and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn are a must.
This position reports to the Communications Director. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
MEM-364-23

Office of Congresswoman Lori Trahan (MA-03)
Washington, D.C. Office
In D.C., our internship program runs throughout the fall, spring, and summer
terms. Hours can be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules but
generally run 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM with options for full-time and part-time
employment.
General Internship
In D.C., intern responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislation,
attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on various
issues before the House. Interns will also assist in various administrative tasks as
needed. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.
Press Internship
In D.C., press interns assist the driven press team by developing social media
content, drafting press releases, sorting press clips, creating digital content, and
assisting the team with a variety of projects as needed. Interns will work closely
with communications staffers and learn about the press operations in the office.
Candidates should have a foundation of technical knowledge on social media
platforms. Communications, journalism, or public relations studies are a plus.
Submission of a sample graphic is recommended but not required.
District Office
In the district, located in Lowell, our internship program runs throughout the fall,
spring, and summer sessions. Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate
students' course schedules but generally run 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM with the
options for full-time and part-time employment.
Intern responsibilities include answering phones, responding to constituent letters
on various issues, assisting with resolving constituent casework, researching daily
Page 10 of 20

press clips, and drafting memos as needed. Interns will gain comprehensive
knowledge of Massachusetts’ 3rd District, as well as the services the district
office provides.
To Apply
Candidates for the fall internship program should be extremely motivated,
flexible, and detail-oriented, with the availability to begin in late August. District
ties are preferred but not required. Candidates who demonstrate strong oral and
written communication skills, the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced workflow,
and an interest in public service are encouraged to apply.
You may only apply to one office each session. Previous applicants are
encouraged to re-apply, as past applications are not kept on file. The application
deadline for the Fall term is August 15th, 2023. Applications are considered on a
rolling basis.
To apply, please complete the following form
via https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/. Additionally, please email your
cover letter and resume as PDF documents to: LT.Internship@mail.house.gov. In
the subject line, please include which internship you are applying for, such as
“Fall District Office Internship Application.”
Our office is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to
be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, gender identity, religion, sexual orientation, age,
disability, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status under
applicable laws. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds to apply.
MEM-362-23

Congressman Dan Newhouse (R-WA-04) is currently seeking paid congressional
interns for the Fall 2023 term.
The internships are in-person and will run from September to the end of
November. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to undergraduate and recent
college graduates.
Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, opening and sorting mail,
greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative, legislative, and
communications tasks, and producing a daily memo.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, ability to conduct research, strong writing skills, and be able to work in a
fast-paced work environment. District ties will be considered however are not
required.

Page 11 of 20

Interested applicants should send their resumes, cover letters, and any writing
samples with the subject line “Fall 2023 Internship”
to Paige.Ash@mail.house.gov.
MEM-361-23

The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a driven,
detail-oriented, hardworking, and engaged individual to work with her team.
This internship will be primarily in-person in the Washington, DC office with
potential for some occasional remote work. The timing of the internship is
flexible based on the candidate’s schedule but would ideally start in late August
or early September and could last up to 16 weeks. The intern would work with
the Congresswoman’s dynamic team to improve the lives of Seventh District
constituents and communities.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Constituent services: assist the front office staff with answering constituent
questions over the phone and through the mail, draft correspondence, and assist
with other office administration tasks;
• Legislative research: work with the legislative team to conduct research on issue
areas, write memos, and learn about the legislative process;
• District research: research and compile information for district events and
outreach;
• Communications: collaborate with the Communications team on tasks as needed
such as writing letters and tracking social media accounts; and
• Other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES:
• Responsible, reliable, punctual
• Has knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs
• Able to problem solve, think quickly, adapt, and handle sensitive information
HOURS & COMPENSATION: Candidates will work approximately 30 hours a
week. The schedule is flexible and based on candidate’s schedule. This is a PAID
internship; the office will pay an hourly rate for applicants not supported by
outside fellowships.
TO APPLY: Please submit a resume and a 1-page cover letter that answers the
following questions in a single PDF:
• What, do you feel, is the biggest problem facing VA-07?
• How do you want to impact the community?
Please include the dates you are available, and any other scheduling constraints
(e.g. mornings or afternoons only) in your application.
Email this information to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Fall 2023 Internship – First Name, Last Name.”
DEADLINE: Applications received by July 31, 2023 will be considered.

Page 12 of 20

The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger is an equal opportunity employer.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against because of race,
religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical disability, sexual
orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender expression) identity, color,
marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or any other classification
protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.
MEM-357-23

Congressman Jerry Nadler (NY-12) is seeking paid undergraduate student
interns for the Fall 2023 semester in his Washington, DC office.
Applicants should be interested in learning the daily, detailed operations of a
congressional office: responding to constituent problems and concerns, writing
letters, drafting policy memos, legislative research, and performing general office
tasks. Excellent communication skills are important.
Interns must be able to commit to at least 25 hours per week and should have
completed their first year of college. This internship will run from September
2023 – December 2023.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample
to NY12.Internship@mail.house.gov by July 28th, 2023. In your cover letter,
please note your availability on each day of the week, your legislative interests,
and why you would like to work for Congressman Nadler.
Congressman Nadler’s office strives to ensure that our internship class reflects
the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds
are strongly encouraged to apply. Congressman Nadler’s office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.

MEM-356-23

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the fall internship session.
The start date would be as early as Aug 3 (flexible depending on availability)
with a flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and have
access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.

Page 13 of 20

Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to paxton.antonucci@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in your cover letter that
you’re applying for a fall internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume],
[Full Name_Cover Letter].
MEM-353-23

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks
full or part-time paid interns for Fall 2023. This position will include a
combination of telework and in-office work as safety and logistics permit.
Duties/Responsibilities:
Interns will work on substantive projects under the direction of Committee Staff
while also serving a general administrative function. Interns will help staff
prepare for hearings and markups, take notes on relevant committee activities,
and work on research, oversight, and press-related projects. Interns will also
perform administrative tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and
filing official documents.
Qualification/Skills:
Candidate should be detail-oriented and possess strong oral and written
communication skills. The position requires an ability to multitask and adapt to a
fast-paced environment. A background and/or interest in subject areas within the
committee’s jurisdiction is strongly preferred.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter
to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov. Applicants will be accepted on a rolling basis.
No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-350-23

Congressman Kevin Mullin’s (CA-15) D.C. office is seeking an in-person, parttime, paid press intern for Fall 2023.
The press intern will work closely with the Press Secretary and occasionally the
legislative team.
Applicants should be organized, creative, familiar with current events, and detailoriented. Responsibilities include answering telephones, compiling daily press
clips, creating content for social media, drafting press releases, newsletters, and
other written materials, maintaining press lists, clipping floor and hearing
remarks, and designing graphics.
The ideal candidate is team-oriented, has written and oral communication skills,
experience with graphic design, and relevant communications experience. A

Page 14 of 20

strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
This position pays $15 per hour and will be based on an approximately 25-hour
work week. Interested applicants should send their resume and a cover letter
explaining their interest and any relevant experience
to Mullininternships@gmail.com with the subject line “Mullin Fall Press
Internship Application.”
California ties are preferred, but not required. The deadline to apply is July 28th,
2023. Due to the large volume of applicants, only those applicants who are
selected for interviews will be contacted.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
MEM-349-23

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting
applications for paid legislative internships for the fall semester.
The ideal candidate will have excellent communication and written skills, interest
in the legislative process, resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fastpaced environment. Ties to the Bay Area or California are preferred, but not
required.
Responsibilities include answering phones, research, drafting constituent
correspondence, attending policy briefings and hearings, recommending
legislation to the Congressman, and other tasks as assigned. The Fall term begins
late-August or early-September and ends mid- to late-December with flexible
start and end dates. Work will be in-person and is compensated at $15 per hour.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as
one PDF to MullinInternships@gmail.com. Email subject line should follow the
following format: LastName, FirstName – Fall Internship. Additionally, please
note your availability and any ties to the Bay Area or California in the body of
your email. The deadline to apply is July 25th, 2023. Due to the large volume of
applicants, only those applicants who are selected for interviews will be
contacted.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-348-23

The Office of Congressman Maxwell Alejandro Frost is hiring an intern in our
Washington, D.C. office for the fall 2023 semester.

Page 15 of 20

Interns will gain invaluable educational experience from working in Congress.
The hours can be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but we
generally require 35 hours a week and pay $18 an hour.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They may be asked to answer phones, run
errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings
and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.
District and Florida ties preferred. Women, people of color, and other members
of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should apply
via https://frost.house.gov/services/internships The deadline to apply for the fall
session is July 31, 2023.
MEM-347-23

Congressman Barry Moore (AL-02) is seeking part-time OR full-time interns for
the Fall 2023 semester in both his Washington, D.C. and District offices.
The internships are based in the Washington, D.C., Andalusia, Wetumpka, Troy,
and Dothan, Alabama offices. They are open to college students of all majors and
designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates
with an interest in public service. Hours are flexible to accommodate course
schedules, but generally run from 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, a passion for public service, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Intern responsibilities include answering the phones, drafting constituent letters,
listening to hearings and briefings, assisting the press & leg team, conducting
research, and administrative work as needed. Interns will gain an understanding
of the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and class schedule/availability
to Internships.AL02@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Intern
Application 2023 (Office Location).” Please specify in the email and subject line
which office you are applying for.

MEM-341-23

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for the Fall 2023 semester.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Page 16 of 20

Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample at the following link: cartwright.house.gov/services/internships
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-338-23

Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Fall 2023.
The internship is in-person and will run from mid-August to mid-December.
Dates are flexible. This internship is open to undergraduate students and recent
college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Fall 2023 Internship” to Grace.Looney@mail.house.gov, or by applying
through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships

MEM-334-23

The Office of Congressman Brian Mast (R-FL-21) is currently accepting
applications for the part-time summer internship program in the Washington,
D.C. office. The internship will run from August to December.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting
staff with administrative duties, projects, legislative research and drafting
constituent correspondence.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a
general understanding of the legislative process, and possess strong written and
oral communication skills. Florida ties are not necessary.

Page 17 of 20

Interested applicants should send their resumes and a cover letter
to mckayla.swan@mail.house.gov. Please use the subject line “Summer 2023
internship.”

MEM-333-23

A GOP Texas Member of Congress seeks a paid, full-time Press/Digital Fellow
for the fall semester.
Responsibilities include drafting digital content and graphics, assisting with the enewsletter, media monitoring, and assisting the Press Assistant and
Communications Director with various communications-related tasks.
The ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills and experience using Canva
and/or Adobe Creative Suite.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and both a writing and
digital sample to maddie.bruno@mail.house.gov

MEM-331-23

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (DC-00) is seeking to
hire a motivated, detail-oriented, current college undergrad student, graduate
student, or recent graduate wishing to gain constituent-oriented internship
experience in the DC District Office.
District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, conducting research,
assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the
District Director. As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions
of our impactful District office.
The term of this internship will be from September 5th, 2023---December 14th,
2023. The internship is paid full-time internship, interns must work at least 30
hours a week and will be provided a travel stipend. Typical hours for internships
are Monday through Thursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm, although hours may be
flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, 1 writing sample on a
current issue, and at least one reference to norton.casework@mail.house.gov.
The deadline to apply is 9:00 am EST, Tuesday, August 11th. District ties are
encouraged but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.

Page 18 of 20

MEM-322-23

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Fall 2023.
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
*Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
*Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 20 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District.
The deadline to submit applications is July 28, 2023, at 11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ+
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ+
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-597-22

House Democrat seeks a paid Legislative Fellow to assist senior legislative staff
with a wide variety of legislative topics and tasks. The Legislative Fellow will
gain experience in preparing for committee hearings and markups; developing
and advancing legislation; drafting speeches; and meeting with constituents and
other stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will possess superb written and oral communication skills;
have some policy experience; and will enjoy collaborating with others in a fastpaced environment.

Page 19 of 20

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to housedemjobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Fellow” in the subject line.

Page 20 of 20

