________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 11, 2019

MEM-130-19

Congressman Vern Buchanan is looking for looking for full time, unpaid interns
for his Washington DC office. Candidates should be motivated, flexible and
detailed oriented with immediate availability. Florida ties are a plus but not
required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phones, leading Capitol
tours, up-keeping mail databases, writing memo’s, and assigned duties from full
time staff. Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written
communication skills.
Please email your resume, available start date, and weekly availability to
housegopinternshipFL@outlook.com

MEM-125-19

U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ), member of the Ways and Means Committee,
seeks summer interns for his Washington, DC office. This internship term runs
from the start of June through the start of August. Duties include sorting and
processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phone calls, attending briefings and
hearings, researching legislative issues, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting our
press team, and drafting constituent correspondence. Ties to New Jersey are
strongly preferred, but not necessary.
Page 1 of 11

Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the
Ways and Means Committee. He holds a leadership position on the Democratic
Steering and Policy Committee. This internship is an opportunity to work in a
veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. We are very open to interns
working in the areas that interest them most and taking on increasing
responsibility as the summer progresses. Interested applicants should send a
resume and cover letter to Christopher Hadad
(Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).
All applications are due by April 12th, 2019.
MEM-124-19

Internship with Senior Foreign Affairs Committee/Financial Services
Committee Member
Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-30) seeks highly motivated, professional, and
dedicated interns who are passionate about government and politics. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Tasks include
answering the phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail, leading Capitol
tours, addressing constituent concerns, and attending briefings and supporting
staff as needed. Ties to California’s 30th Congressional District are a plus, but
not required. Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter and resume to
Brads.Interns@mail.house.gov. All applicants will be considered without regard
to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age.
We are currently seeking interns for:
Spring: March- June 3
Summer: June- August

MEM-122-19

Position: California Republican seeks Spring/Summer 2019 Interns
Description: California Republican is currently accepting applications for
full/part-time interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly
qualified candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the
office, intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the
phones, give tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent
communication, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and
attend hearings and briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid but the
office will provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic
credit at their respective college or university. Interested candidates should email

Page 2 of 11

a resume and cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.

MEM-120-19

The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking
undergraduate interns for summer of 2019. Interns perform a variety of tasks that
support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include,
but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing
including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup
preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and
meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft
legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and
staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily
news clips. Applicants should be able to start in April/May and commit through
July. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship
applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov. Please
visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships for more
information. Applicants should aim to submit their materials by March 30, 2019.

MEM-118-19

The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting
applications for full-time internships for current vacancies and for the summer
2019 session. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the
opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the legislative process and the innerworkings of a congressional committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced
front office, answering phones, and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include
assisting staff with hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations,
legislative research projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates
must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic,
team player attitude. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred. Note
that Committee internships are unpaid positions. Please send a cover letter,
resume, and short writing sample to: var.internship@mail.house.gov
No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-117-19

The Office of Congressman Ralph Norman (SC-5) is currently seeking interns
for Spring or immediate our Washington D.C. office. Applicants must be
motivated, professional, dependable and hold strong written and verbal
communication skills. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering
phones, corresponding with constituents, leading U.S. Capitol tours, attending
Congressional hearings, assisting the legislative staff, and participating in a
legislative project. Internships are unpaid. Successful candidates will be mature,
personable, detail-oriented, and self-starters. Interns will have the opportunity to
learn more about the legislative process and work in a fast-paced congressional

Page 3 of 11

office. South Carolina ties preferred. Interested applicants should send resume,
cover letter, and availability to Kimberly.Hammond@mail.house.gov
MEM-115-19

The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking fulltime interns for Summer of 2019 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates
will be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication
skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence,
Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are unpaid, but serve to
provide professional and educational value to participants. The office is flexible
in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well as work with
Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to
work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the
legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume and availability to
patrick.konrath@mail.house.gov.

MEM-114-19

Congresswoman Lauren Underwood (IL-14) is delighted to announce summer
internship opportunities in her Washington, DC and West Chicago, IL offices.
Internships are designed to offer students and recent graduates direct participation
in public service through supporting our offices' constituent engagement and
services, administrative responsibilities, and research.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, assist
with correspondence, coordinate and conduct tours, research legislation, assist
with constituent casework, and attend hearings and briefings on various issues.
Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, flexible, and possess the ability
to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Summer internships are available from mid-May through mid-August, with start
and end dates tailored to accommodate an academic calendar year. Internship
hours run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. on weekdays. Please note that interns are
expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per week. A limited number of paid
positions are available for internship applicants who are not sponsored by outside
organizations.
To apply, please submit a single PDF including your resume, cover letter, and
writing sample of your choice to IL14.Internship@gmail.com by March 15, 2019.
Preference will be given to applicants with ties to the Illinois 14th.
For questions about internships please email IL14.Internship@gmail.com, or call
our office (202) 225-2976.

Page 4 of 11

MEM-110-19

The office of Congresswoman Kendra Horn (OK-05) is currently accepting
applications for our internship program. We are looking for a highly motivated,
personable and professional interns. Tasks include answering the phones,
handling incoming and outgoing mail, leading Capitol tours, addressing
constituent concerns, attending briefings and supporting staff as needed. Our
interns are provided with first hand experiences and gain invaluable insight into
the legislative process, the importance of casework and the value of constituent
and community outreach.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing
skills, who pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic and works well
on a team. Successful candidates would spend 25-40 hours per week interning in
the DC office. Oklahoma ties a plus. Women and minority candidates are
particularly encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard
to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability
with the subject line “Internship Application” to
victoria.bautista@mail.house.gov or if you have any further questions.

MEM-107-19

Capitol Hill internships provide valuable opportunities for college students and
new graduates to experience our nation's legislative process first hand. The
majority of current Hill staffers, from chiefs of staff to legislative assistants,
started off as personal office and committee interns.
Representative Mark Amodei (NV-02) offers the opportunity for college students
and recent graduates to participate in internships in his Washington, D.C. office.
Successful candidates must have excellent organizational, personal, writing and
communication skills. Nevada ties are a plus, but are not required. Special
consideration will be given to applicants from Nevada’s 2nd Congressional
District or students attending institutions of higher education in Nevada.
Internships can be a great opportunity to learn the legislative process, experience
life in Washington, D.C., and see how your government works. Responsibilities
include answering phones, providing constituents tours of the U.S. Capitol,
legislative research, assisting the communications director, and aiding staff for
special projects as needed. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend
committee hearings, briefings, and staff meetings. This rewarding experience
offers students and recent graduates the opportunity to learn about and contribute
to the day-to-day operations of a Congressional office. Furthermore, full-time
interns may have to opportunity to receive a monthly stipend.
Currently seeking interns for:

Page 5 of 11

Spring: March - May
If you are interested in interning in our Washington, D.C. office, please submit
your resume and cover letter to Congressman Mark Amodei’s intern coordinator
at: Jessica.Kleitsch@mail.house.gov
MEM-106-19

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full-time Interns in
our Washington, D.C. office to begin in May. Interns in our office perform
legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational
experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending
policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research,
producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members
on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! Candidates
of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please submit a form on
our website at: https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressionalinternship-application or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2019 Pocan Summer Internship” in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-105-19

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Spring 2018.
The internship is scheduled to run during March through May/June, depending on
the availability of the applicant.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are
considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain
experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a
Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting
constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and hearings.
Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing
sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with
"2018 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be
accepted.

MEM-099-19

“Washington, D.C. — Congresswoman Veronica Escobar (TX-16) is seeking a
professional, dependable, and enthusiastic student or recent graduate for an
unpaid communications internship working closely with the press team on a
Page 6 of 11

variety of tasks. Duties will include drafting and posting Committee web content
and social media, basic photography, drafting press releases and statements, press
list maintenance, compiling and distributing daily press clips, media monitoring,
and other communications and administrative tasks as assigned.
Communications, journalism, public relations, public affairs, or political science
majors and recent graduates preferred. Prior communications intern experience a
plus.
Please send a resume, brief cover letter, and one short writing sample to
carlos.murillo@mail.house.gov”

MEM-098-19

The Republican staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for spring 2019 Interns. The dates of the internship will be March 1,
2019 through May 31, 2019. We are seeking individuals who are dependable,
politically conservative, professional, and who have a strong work ethic and
positive attitude. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support
by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional
and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. These materials should be in PDF format. Please
visit republicans-budget.house.gov for the application and more information.

MEM-094-19

The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated,
personable and professional legislative intern for the Summer 2019 session.
Tasks include answering the phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail,
addressing constituent concerns, attending briefings and supporting legislative
staff as needed. Serving as an intern in a Congressional office is an exciting
opportunity! Our interns are provided with first hand experiences and gain
invaluable insight into the legislative process, the importance of casework and the
value of constituent and community outreach.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing
skills, who pay close attention to detail, media relations experience and digital
media expertise. Successful candidates would spend 25-40 hours per week
interning in the DC office. Maryland ties a plus.

Page 7 of 11

To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability to
employment@mail.house.gov. If you have further questions, please call the
Intern Coordinator at (202) 225-4016.
MEM-093-19

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff are seeking
motivated and reliable digital interns to fill positions in the spring, summer, and
fall. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation,
website maintenance, analytics, photography, videography, and performing other
press and administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess
skills in Adobe programs (Photoshop, Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro,
Audition, and After Effects), CMS, CSS, HTML, manual photography, analytics,
and an ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment. Candidates of
all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please fill out all the fields in
the following form with “Digital” as the internship type :
https://oversight.house.gov/about/internships-and-fellowships

MEM-091-19

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek detailoriented students or recent graduates with a passion for communications to fill
press intern positions in the spring, summer, and fall. The ideal candidate should
be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced
environment. This position reports to the deputy press secretary and broader
communications team. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please fill out all the fields in the following form with “Press” as the
internship type: https://oversight.house.gov/about/internships-and-fellowships

MEM-089-19

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for legislative and press internships in
Washington, DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the
ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a
solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with
research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as
necessary.
For Press Interns:
Intern would support Communications Director by drafting written materials such
as press releases, creating graphics for social media, tracking media coverage,
and assisting with media inquiries and research. Successful candidates will have
an interest in politics, communications, and new media, with excellent written
communication skills.

Page 8 of 11

If you are interested in a press internship, please include a short writing sample
with your application.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning in May,
2019. To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to
Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter.

MEM-023-19

The office of Congressman Pete Stauber MN-08 is seeking qualified intern
applicants for both Spring and Summer of 2019. Interns will assist the legislative
and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Full time interns are
preferred but we will accept applicants that wish to work part-time as well.
Minnesota ties are preferred but not required to apply. If you are interested send a
1 page cover letter and resume to sam.kaardal@mail.house.gov with
“Spring/Summer Internship Application” as the subject. If you would like to learn
more about Congressman Stauber you can visit his website.

MEM-021-19

The Office of Congressman Matt Gaetz (R-FL) is seeking interns for the spring
semester in Washington, DC office. Although all internships in all offices are
unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. Our interns' responsibilities are
varied but substantive. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation
for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, run errands,
and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Congressman
Gaetz serves on the Armed Services Committee, Judiciary Committee, and the
Budget Committee. Interns will be able to get a broad perspective of these issue
areas and the federal government in action. As a result, interns learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session. Students will leave the internship with a greater
understanding of how a Congressional office works, how constituent
relationships are forged and maintained, and how the legislative process works.
Students should be highly motivated, ready to learn, and eager to work in a fastpaced environment. Please apply by emailing your resume and a cover letter to
alexis.dejarnette@mail.house.gov

MEM-010-19

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Summer 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
Page 9 of 11

administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties
are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please. Applications
must be received by COB March 1st. To apply, email a single PDF including
your resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and cover letter listing your availability to
FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-008-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is
seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming spring
semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and
communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases,
answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability
to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political
process and congressional affairs. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of
availability to PA13.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “ Your Name – DC Internship
Application” OR “ Your Name – DISTRICT Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please note which office you will be applying with in the subject
line.

MEM-001-19

Rep.-elect Antonio Delgado (NY-19) is seeking applicants for a full-time press
internship for Winter/Spring 2019. Applicants will ideally be available to work
from 8:30 am - 4:30 pm Monday-Friday. Responsibilities will include tracking
press coverage, monitoring and drafting social media content, updating and
maintaining press contact lists, writing press releases, and other research duties as
needed. New York ties are a plus. Please send your resume and cover letter with
the subject line "Press Internship" to pressresumesny19@gmail.com as soon as
possible, but no later than close of business on Tuesday, January 8th.

MEM-514-18

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks
a Communications Intern to assist with the Committee’s press operations.
Additionally, this intern will be critical to the daily operation of the office and
assist with standard administrative duties. The ideal candidate will be detailoriented, creative, able to work under tight deadlines, reliable, and have excellent
writing and communications skills. Familiarity with social media is strongly
desired.
This is a paid, full-time position. Please send resume, cover letter, and writing
sample to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov with “Communications Intern” in the
subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

Page 10 of 11

MEM-359-18

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently
seeking undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for the Spring of 2019.
Specifically, we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal
interns and fellows for the education policy team and graduate and legal interns
and fellows for the labor policy team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that
support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include,
but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing
including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup
preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and
meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft
legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and
staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily
news clips. Applicants should be able to start in January and commit through
April/May. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and
internship applicant information form to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. If you
are applying for a graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short,
relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
Applicants should aim to submit their materials by November 2, 2018.

MEM-316-18

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office in August. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter
and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov

Page 11 of 11

