________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 10, 2017

MEM-363-17

The Office of Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) is currently seeking full – or
part – time interns for the Spring 2018 semester in Washington DC. Intern
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to
the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should
send a resume, cover letter, two references, and work availability with the subject
line “Spring 2018 Internship” to Nick Vargish at nick.vargish@mail.house.gov.

MEM-362-17

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internships.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are
considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain
experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a
Page 1 of 8

Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting
constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and
hearings. Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their
internship through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter,
writing sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov
with "2017 Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be
accepted.
MEM-361-17

Democratic Member of Congress seeks applicants for full or part-time unpaid
congressional interns for Fall 2017 and Spring 2018. Duties will include
conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties,
and administrative tasks. Interns will have the opportunity to attending meetings,
hearings, and briefings to remain informed about current legislative
issues. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. New
York and Brooklyn ties are ideal. Please send your resume and cover letter to
ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.

MEM-360-17

The House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific
is seeking candidates for an internship with the Republican majority.
Undergraduates, graduate, and recent graduates with a demonstrated interest in
U.S. policy towards the Asia-Pacific will be considered. The internship will be
full-time.
The Subcommittee intern is expected to be motivated and entrepreneurial, a
strong writer and communicator, detail oriented, and able to produce high quality
work products under time constraints. Daily duties will include, but are not
limited to, conducting background research, database maintenance, fact checking,
content editing, and proofreading. The intern will also assist with the preparation
and execution of subcommittee hearings, which will include conducting research
and analysis, organizing documents for staff and members, and assisting staff in
the hearing room.
Proactive interns will be able to take advantage of this opportunity to enhance
their knowledge of Asia policy and professional life on Capitol Hill by
participation in hearings, briefings, and meetings, as well as other opportunities.
Interns are expected to demonstrate a high level of professionalism and
reliability. All internships are uncompensated, but staffs are happy to support
interns seeking class credit for their work.
Information about the subcommittee’s membership and recent activities can be
found at http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/subcommittees/asia-and-pacific.
Interested candidates should send a resume and a cover letter explaining their
interest in the subcommittee’s work, qualifications for the position, and hours of
availability to hfac.asia.internship@gmail.com.
Page 2 of 8

Compensation: Unpaid
Citizenship: U.S. Citizenship is required
MEM-359-17

The Office of Congressman Tom MacArthur (NJ-03) is currently seeking full or
part-time spring interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should
possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include:
assisting in constituent services, attending Congressional hearings and briefings,
leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative
staff with research. New Jersey ties are preferred, but not required. Interested
candidates should complete the application at https://macarthur.house.gov/. No
phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-357-17

Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking
motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions for the Spring. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates
should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be
willing to work both independently as well as part of a team
environment. Louisiana ties are a plus but not required. If you are a student we
are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for academic credit.
Please send a résumé and cover letter in PDF form to
LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-356-17

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04) seeks highly
motivated full or part-time intern for Fall 2017, available to start in October.
Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented,
and professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will:
answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the
US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative
research. Internships are unpaid, but arrangements may be made to earn academic
credit. Interns will also participate in professional development activities within
the office.
Please send a resume, cover letter, three professional references and a brief
writing sample to OR04.InternCoordinator@mail.house.gov. Candidates with
Oregon ties are strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

Page 3 of 8

MEM-351-17

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting
and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned.
The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and three writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject
“Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-350-17

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns to fill Fall and Spring
positions. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral
communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fastpaced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and
congressional affairs. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, attending briefings, conducting
legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as
necessary. California ties are a plus.
Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
Robert.Clark@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-348-17

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) seeks undergraduate or graduate
students for full-time or part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, DC
office. As a fast-paced office for an active member of the Democratic leadership,
we expect a lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship
program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail,
attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research
assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess excellent
writing and communications skills, strong attention to detail, and an interest in
the legislative process. Colorado ties preferred but not required. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to
CO01.scheduler@mail.house.gov.

MEM-347-17

The Office of Congressman Tom O’Halleran (D-AZ) is seeking interns to join
his Washington, D.C. office for the spring 2018 semester.
Interns will have the opportunity to actively follow the legislative process by
attending hearings and briefings, and conducting legislative research on behalf of
the legislative team. They will work alongside a robust legislative staff to provide
constituent services by drafting constituent correspondence, composing memos,
answering phone calls and inputting constituent mail. Interns are encouraged to
explore their legislative interests and capitalize on the numerous unique
opportunities available on the Hill.
Intern Responsibilities include:
• Legislative research
Page 4 of 8

•
•
•
•
•

Attending hearings and briefings
Inputting and organizing constituent communication
Drafting constituent correspondence
Guiding tours of the Capitol
Answering phones and general office duties

Qualified candidates will process a strong interest in policy or communications.
They will be self-starters with robust writing and oral skills, as well as a friendly
demeanor. Internships can be full or part time, with the opportunity to earn
academic credit. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter
indicating availability to Maggie.oleary@mail.house.gov. Spring semester
candidates should submit their applications by November 1st, 2017.
MEM-345-17

The office of Congressman Robert Pittenger (R-NC) is currently accepting
applications for legislative interns. Candidates should be highly qualified and
have excellent writing, research, and interpersonal skills. Ideally, candidates
should also be motivated, analytical, and meticulous. This is an unpaid position,
but interns will have the opportunity to collaborate with the legislative staff on
various projects and regularly attend hearings, briefings, and meetings.
Responsibilities also include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
corresponding with constituents, and other miscellaneous tasks for the
legislative staff. Internships can be full or part-time with flexible hours to
accommodate student course schedules. Academic credit may also be available
based on the candidate's academic institution.
Interested candidates should email a resume to Drew.Nirenberg@mail.house.gov.

MEM-344-17

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Fall 2017. Duties will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic
administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication
skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are preferred. Please send a
resume, cover letter and writing sample
to md06.internships@mail.house.gov with “Fall Congressional Internship” in
the subject line.

MEM-342-17

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for
the Spring 2018 semester in the Capitol Hill office. Interns will have the
opportunity to attend committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist
in the constituent correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent
services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First
Page 5 of 8

Congressional District are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should
e-mail their resume and cover letter to katie.mazzola@mail.house.gov before
October 16, 2017.
MEM-341-17

The office of Congressman Walter B. Jones (NC-03) is currently seeking
applicants for an internship in either his Washington, D.C. or Greenville, N.C.
office for the Spring 2017 term. Interns in the Washington office help draft
constituent correspondence, attend briefings and Congressional hearings, and
function as a key part of the staff. Interns also assist with answering phone calls,
providing tours of the Capitol, and organizing the mail that the office receives. In
the state office, interns will interact with constituents, work with federal agencies,
and participate in outreach projects in order to resolve problems facing the people
of Eastern North Carolina, as well as assist the staff with various administrative
tasks. We’re looking for college students or recent graduates who are motivated,
detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fast paced setting. The ideal candidate
possesses strong organizational, communication, and writing skills, as well as the
ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure in a team
environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a must. Although the
internship is unpaid, you will gain valuable professional experience and an inside
look at the lawmaking process on Capitol Hill. Academic credit is available for
qualifying students. North Carolina and/or military ties are preferred, but not
required. Interested candidates should apply at www.jones.house.gov by
November 1st, 2017.

MEM-340-17

The Republican staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of
the House of Representatives seeks candidates for law student, graduate student,
and undergraduate student internships for fall 2017. Interns will have the
opportunity to participate in substantive work on investigations and legislation,
attend hearings and briefings, and participate in an intern education program.
Undergraduate interns will also rotate through assisting in the front office on a
recurring basis.
Fall internships are available immediately and typically run through the middle of
December, although specific dates will be determined a case-by-case basis.
Interns must be available at least three days a week, and preference will be
afforded to those available full time.
The strongest candidates will exhibit an excellent work ethic, discretion in
working on confidential matters, and be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about
the Committee’s work.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter detailing their
interest in the position to Cameron.Connor@mail.house.gov and
Michael.Watson@mail.house.gov. Graduate students and law students are
encouraged to include an unedited writing sample.

Page 6 of 8

MEM-338-17

The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Democratic Staff is
seeking a motivated and reliable digital intern to fill a fall position. This is an
excellent opportunity to those who are interested in digital design, social media,
technology, and the congressional process. Intern responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, content creation, analytics, photography, videography, and
performing other press and administrative tasks as necessary. Successful
candidates will possess skills in Adobe programs, CMS, manual photography,
analytics, and an ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Please send a résumé and
portfolio to Oversight.Democrats@mail.house.gov, with “Digital Intern” in the
subject line.

MEM-337-17

The Office of Representative Jason Lewis (MN-02) is accepting applications for
unpaid Full-Time/Part-Time Interns to work Fall 2017 in his district office in
Burnsville, MN. In the district office, interns may be asked to carry out a variety
of duties including day-to-day office work such as answering phones, writing
letters, and assisting with constituent intake. In addition, interns may be assigned
to assist with constituent casework or work on district-based projects of
importance.
Strong candidates will be motivated, meticulous, and eager to learn. Internships
can be part-time with flexible hours to accommodate student course schedules.
Internships are unpaid, but academic credit may also be available based on the
candidate’s academic institution. Interested candidates should email a resume and
cover letter to angela.sedlacek@mail.house.gov.

MEM-336-17

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess
strong written and verbal communication skills. Position duties include: attending
Congressional hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones,
sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with research. Although all internships
are unpaid, we are happy to work with current students to receive college credit.
Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to hannah.cooke@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-325-17

The office of Congressman Buchanan is looking for full and part time spring
interns who are available to start late December 2017 or early January 2018.
Please email resumes to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.

MEM-321-17

The Office of Congressman Tom Suozzi (NY-03) seeks an unpaid press and
digital intern to assist a fast-paced communications operation. Qualified
candidates should have an interest in communications, strong computer skills,
and good writing and editing abilities.

Page 7 of 8

Specific tasks include:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Helping put together our monthly e-newsletter;
Assisting with media monitoring and building press lists;
Drafting press releases and related media materials;
Developing social media content and graphics;
Conducting research for communications and legislative staff; and
Answering phones and writing constituent correspondence.

Interested applicants should send a resume and two writing samples to
graham.long2@mail.house.gov.
MEM-320-17

The office of Representative Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) seeks full-time interns in
his Washington, DC office for the 2017 Fall session, starting immediately. Ideal
candidates possess strong written and verbal communication skills, organizational
skills, an attention to detail, and a positive attitude. Main responsibilities include
overseeing tour and flag requests, giving tours, attending briefings, helping with
graphic design, processing mail and letters, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and helping with other office duties. California ties are preferred,
but not required. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
Courtney.bradway@mail.house.gov.

MEM-268-17

Congressman John Conyers, Jr. (MI-13), Dean of the House of Representatives,
Ranking Member on House Judiciary Committee, and longtime advocate for Dr.
Martin Luther King, Jr.’s vision of “Jobs, Justice, and Peace,” seeks full-time or
part-time unpaid interns/fellows with interest and/or background in
macroeconomic policy, in particular a focus on promoting a full employment
economy (see goo.gl/QP5xLV); AND/OR interest and/or background in
international relations and a deep commitment to promoting de-escalation of
conflict abroad through diplomatic engagement. While absolutely not required,
grassroots advocacy experience, web design skills, foreign language skills
(particularly Spanish, Haitian Creole, Portuguese, Arabic, Russian, or Korean),
and/or graduate degrees in a relevant field are preferred. The position will
include significant research, writing, event planning, and creative thinking to
advance Congressman Conyers’ agenda. This is a policy-oriented position -administrative tasks will be kept to a minimum. To apply, send a resume and
brief cover letter (and, if possible, a brief writing sample on a relevant topic),
highlighting your passion, relevant experience, and potential work availability to
JobsJusticePeace2017@gmail.com. Women, minorities, immigrants, individuals
with disabilities, individuals from economically disadvantaged backgrounds, and
veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. If you are not sure whether you are
qualified, but are interested, please do not hesitate to apply.

Page 8 of 8

