________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 16, 2023

MEM-525-23

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Spring 2024 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
Page 1 of 20

attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other congressional
offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability
to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.
MEM-524-23

Spring Press Internship ---Congressman Dan Goldman offers internships in his Washington D.C. To apply,
please submit your resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample as one PDF
below.
We are proudly an office that is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, military status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Special consideration will be given to candidates with ties to NY-10 and those
who speak a second language so please include this information in your cover
letter.
Spring Priority Application Deadline: Friday, November 10th at 5pm.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Intern responsibilities may include but are not limited to:
•Compiling daily press and TV/Radio clips
•Drafting press releases
•Transcribing the Congressman’s public remarks
•Maintaining the office’s press list and identifying new contacts
•Supporting our Digital Manager in social media and graphic design projects
•Answering phones
•Batching emails and drafting responses to constituents
•Assisting staff with events
Applicant Requirements
•Effective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the office
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
•Attention to detail
•Willingness to learn new skills and tasks and be flexible in supporting Member
and all staff in various roles.
https://goldman.house.gov/services/internships

Page 2 of 20

Please do not call in or come to our office to ask the status of your application.
We will contact applicants to provide them with next steps.
MEM-523-23

Legislative Internship/Clerkship ---Congressman Dan Goldman offers internships and clerkships in his Washington
D.C. To apply, please submit your resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample as one PDF.
We are proudly an office that is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, military status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Special consideration will be given to candidates with ties to NY-10 and those
who speak a second language so please include this information in your cover
letter.
Spring Priority Application Deadline: Friday, November 10th at 5pm.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Intern responsibilities may include but are not limited to:
•Answering phones
•Batching emails and drafting responses to constituents
•Assisting staff with events
•Researching legislation and legislative ideas
•Giving Capitol Tours.
•Attending briefings and hearings for staff and drafting memos about them
Applicant Requirements
•Effective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the office
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
•Attention to detail
•Willingness to learn new skills and tasks and be flexible in supporting Member
and all staff in various roles.
https://goldman.house.gov/services/internships
Please do not call in or come to our office to ask the status of your application.
We will contact applicants to provide them with next steps.

MEM-522-23

Legislative Intern

Page 3 of 20

The Democratic Staﬀ of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualiﬁed undergrad students and recent graduates for legislative interns for the
Spring 2024 session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staﬀ
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staﬀ and member brieﬁngs. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staﬀ at hearings and markups, as well
as attend brieﬁngs on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fastpaced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a
sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time
candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly
encouraged to apply. Interns will receive a stipend, and applicants may request
the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your
cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and
whether you are available to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Spring 2024
Legislative Intern Application” in the subject line.
The deadline for applications is October 27, 2023. Please no phone calls or dropins.
MEM-521-23

Fern Holland International Affairs Fellowship:
Team Moulton is seeking exceptional students interested in foreign policy and
national security to participate in the Fern Holland International Affairs
Fellowship program.
This is a full-time, paid foreign policy fellowship for Spring 2024. This
opportunity is only open to candidates who are Pell Grant-eligible. The
fellowship is in our Washington, D.C. office. Recent college graduates, and
students currently enrolled in graduate school are preferred. Under very rare
circumstances, the office will also hire undergraduate students.

Page 4 of 20

Team Moulton is looking for hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to strengthening our democracy. This fully-funded
fellowship covers the cost of housing, transportation, and food with a stipend.
Women, people of color, and members of other underrepresented communities
are especially encouraged to apply.
This fellowship offers an in-depth look into a career of service to our nation.
Fellows will be expected to perform rigorous research, advise senior staff and the
Congressman on important issues, and craft policies in international affairs and
national security, in addition to some regularly assigned intern responsibilities.
To apply, please fill out the internship form below:
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd1NOVxgvmGvGyH_1u4e35RUk
weWU24Rmu7gA0Y3HOxKXTkjQ/viewform
If you have trouble accessing the application form above, please email Brenna
Goss (brenna.goss@mail.house.gov)
If selected, you will be required to submit a FAFSA form. We are accepting
applications for Spring through November 15, 2023 at 11:59pm. Feel free to call
our office with any questions you may have at (202) 225-8020 or email Brenna
Goss.
MEM-520-23

Digital Communications Internship:
Congressman Seth Moulton is seeking a driven Digital Production Intern to join a
fast-paced communications team for Spring 2024.
The internship is in-person and based out of our Washington, D.C. office.
Preference will go to applicants available to join us for a minimum of 20 hours
per week during the Spring semester. A financial stipend will be provided.
RESPONSIBILITIES
•Clipping and preparing videos from press hits and hearings
•Assisting in drafting social media graphics, copy, and posts
•Drafting press releases and our biweekly newsletter
•Helping maintain and updating the Congressman’s website
•Conducting research and providing staff support for the communications team
•Candidates should be familiar with Adobe Illustrator or Photoshop **(please
indicate both or which on your resume)
•Have strong written and oral communications skills
•Have advanced creativity and artistic ability
•Ability to handle multiple tasks on tight deadlines
•Be a team-player

Page 5 of 20

APPLICATIONS
Applicants can access the application here:
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd1NOVxgvmGvGyH_1u4e35RUk
weWU24Rmu7gA0Y3HOxKXTkjQ/viewform
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and three or more samples of your digital
work. Note that applications are due at 11:59pm on November 15, 2023.
If you have trouble accessing the application form above, or if you have any
questions please email Michael Suchecki (michael.suchecki@mail.house.gov)
MEM-519-23

Spring Internship:
Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his Salem office and
Washington D.C. office in Spring 2024.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, current graduate
students, and recent college graduates. Under very rare circumstances the office
will also host high school students. Interns receive a stipend distributed based on
total hours worked.
D.C. RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail.
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman.
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
•Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research.
DISTRICT RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
•Assisting the Casework Team on a variety of casework requests involving
federal agencies.
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research and attending community events.
APPLICATIONS
Applicants can access the application
here: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd1NOVxgvmGvGyH_1u4e35
RUkweWU24Rmu7gA0Y3HOxKXTkjQ/viewform

Page 6 of 20

Applicants can find more information on the internship portal
at moulton.house.gov under the ‘Services’ tab. All applications are due on
November 15, 2023 at 11:59pm.
If you have trouble accessing the application form above, please email Brenna
Goss (brenna.goss@mail.house.gov).
MEM-518-23

Congressman Barry Moore (AL-02) is seeking part-time OR full-time interns for
the Spring 2024 semester in both his Washington, D.C. and District offices.
The internships are based in the Washington, D.C., Andalusia, Wetumpka, Troy,
and Dothan, Alabama offices. They are open to college students of all majors and
designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates
with an interest in public service. Hours are flexible to accommodate course
schedules, but generally run from 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, a passion for public service, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Intern responsibilities include answering the phones, drafting constituent letters,
listening to hearings and briefings, assisting the press & legislative team,
conducting research, and administrative work as needed. Interns will gain an
understanding of the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and class schedule/availability
to Internships.AL02@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring Intern
Application 2024 (Office Location).” Please specify in the email and subject line
which office you are applying for.

MEM-516-23

Spring Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Spring 2024. The internship is in-person and will run
from mid-January to mid-May. Dates are flexible.
This internship is open to undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.

Page 7 of 20

Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Spring 2024 Internship” to Grace.Looney@mail.house.gov, or by applying
through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships
MEM-515-23

The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a driven,
detail-oriented, hardworking, and engaged individual to work with her team.
This internship will be primarily in-person in the Washington, DC office with
potential for some occasional remote work. The timing of the internship is
flexible based on the candidate’s schedule but would ideally start in mid-January
or early February and could last up to 16 weeks. The intern would work with the
Congresswoman’s dynamic team to improve the lives of Seventh District
constituents and communities.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Constituent services: assist the front office staff with answering constituent
questions over the phone and through the mail, draft correspondence, and assist
with other office administration tasks;
• Legislative research: work with the legislative team to conduct research on issue
areas, write memos, and learn about the legislative process;
• District research: research and compile information for district events and
outreach;
• Communications: collaborate with the Communications team on tasks as needed
such as writing letters and tracking social media accounts; and
• Other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES:
• Responsible, reliable, punctual
• Has knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs
• Able to problem solve, think quickly, adapt, and handle sensitive information
HOURS & COMPENSATION: Candidates will work approximately 30 hours a
week. The schedule is flexible and based on candidate’s schedule. This is a PAID
internship; the office will pay an hourly rate for applicants not supported by
outside fellowships.
TO APPLY: Please submit a resume and a 1-page cover letter that answers the
following questions in a single PDF:
• What, do you feel, is the biggest problem facing VA-07?
• How do you want to impact the community?
Please include the dates you are available, and any other scheduling constraints
(e.g. mornings or afternoons only) in your application.
Email this information to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Spring 2024 Internship – First Name, Last Name.”
DEADLINE: Applications received by October 31, 2023 will be considered.
Page 8 of 20

The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger is an equal opportunity employer.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against because of race,
religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical disability, sexual
orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender expression) identity, color,
marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or any other classification
protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.
MEM-514-23

Legal Fellowship
The Washington D.C. office of Rep. Ken Buck (CO-04) is seeking a legal fellow
for the fall semester.
The legal fellow will have a substantive role in the Judiciary Committee
portfolio, including all hearings and markups. The portfolio also includes
technology and telecommunications. The ideal candidate is at least a 2L and able
to commit to at least 20 hours per week, with some longer days depending on
Judiciary Committee activity. Candidates must be either in law school or have
graduated from a law school.
The paid fellowship lasts 4 months with the option to go from December through
March or January through April, the candidate must commit to staying all 4
months, in-person. Our office encourages you to work with your school for this
experience to count as course credit towards graduation.
Job responsibilities include communicating with Judiciary Committee staff and
other offices to advance the congressman’s legislative agenda; briefing the
congressman on all committee related activity; reviewing legislation and making
policy recommendations to the congressman (always in coordination with the
chief of staff); drafting House floor/committee remarks; drafting letters to other
government bodies or the private sector; and coordinating with the
communications team to publish the congressman’s legislative work.
This is a unique opportunity to work for a senior member of the House Judiciary
Committee. In this role, you will be able to build relationships in congress with
other staffers and with national interest groups. An individual who appreciates a
fast pace and a dynamic workload will thrive in this role.
Qualifications:
•Candidates must be either in law school at the 2L level or above, or have
graduated from law school.
•Competitive applicants will have strong written and interpersonal
communication skills.
•Candidates must be able to work in-person, in Washington, DC for four months.

Page 9 of 20

All interested applicants should e-mail their resume, cover letter, and writing
sample to Stephanie Gross at Stephanie.Gross@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Spring 2024 Legal Fellow”. Please send all attachments as PDFs.
MEM-513-23

Congressional Internship
The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Ken Buck (CO-04) is currently
accepting internship applications for the Spring of 2024. Typical duties will
include answering phones, leading Capitol tours, researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering
constituent letters on a variety of issues. The ideal candidate for this paid
internship will be team-oriented and have strong written and verbal
communication skills.
Students and recent graduates interested in learning more about our country’s
legislative process are encouraged to apply. The Congressman sits on the
Judiciary Committee and the Foreign Affairs Committee, making this an ideal
opportunity for those interested in law and/or foreign policy. Colorado ties are
preferred but by no means required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume, and cover letters
to stephanie.gross@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring 2024
Internship.”

MEM-511-23

The House Natural Resources Committee Democrats seek full-time interns for
Spring 2024 (January – May).
Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we
seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
eager to learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research,
prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aid
communications.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the
needs and concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and
orientations. Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and
social inequality in the U.S., and has a passion for working to dismantle these
systems.
Primary responsibilities include:
•Assist with administrative duties
•Assist with legislative and policy projects
•Research legislation, regulations, and public law
•Assist with communications and outreach

Page 10 of 20

•Respond to requests for information
•Attend briefings, meetings, and hearings on behalf of staff
The position is based in Washington, D.C. Interns will be expected to work inoffice when Congress is in session and as needed. The position comes with a
monthly stipend of $3,200 plus transit benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring process are encouraged to request an accommodation at any
time during those processes.
To apply, address your application materials to Rachel Jones (Staff Assistant)
at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “HNRC Spring
Internship Application – First Name Last Name” by close of business on Friday,
October 20, 2023. Include a cover letter, résumé, a short writing sample, and your
availability during the Spring Internship timeframe (January – May).
Due to the volume of applicants, we will only be reaching out to candidates who
are being actively considered for this position.
MEM-509-23

Washington, D.C., Office Intern
The Washington, D.C., Office of Congressman Adam B. Schiff (CA-30) is
seeking professional, enthusiastic, and hardworking interns to assist staff with
administrative and legislative work.
The Winter/Spring 2024 term runs from early January through late April and is
open to undergraduate students and recent college graduates. Interns typically
work three days per week, with flexibility to accommodate class schedules.
Interns will receive a stipend. Academic credit is also available.
Responsibilities
•Front office duties, including answering telephones, sorting mail, greeting
visitors, and assisting with the Congressman’s meetings
•Compiling press clips and assisting the communications team
•Processing and drafting responses to constituent correspondence
•Attending briefings and conducting policy research as requested by legislative
staff
•Performing various other tasks to ensure the office functions smoothly
To Apply
To apply for an internship with Congressman Schiff, please fill out the internship

Page 11 of 20

application form on our website (schiff.house.gov/help/internships) by 11:59pm
PST on November 15, 2023.
Please note that we always receive more applications than we can accommodate
and that applicants with ties to the 30th District are given preference. Candidates
from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
MEM-504-23

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking full-time paid interns for the
Spring 2024 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings,
performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various
projects. Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public
service and progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by
an outside organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter stating availability,
short writing sample, and three references
to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with the subject “2024 Spring
Internship Application – FirstName LastName” by Sunday, November 5th.

MEM-503-23

TITLE: Legal Intern
REPORTS TO: General Counsel/Deputy Staff Director
JOB SUMMARY: This temporary position performs a key role in assisting
committee staff with the development and execution of the Committee on House
Administration’s strategy with respect to elections, legislative oversight,
copyright, and Capitol security issues, as well as ensuring that the committee’s
activities are operated in conformance with applicable statutes, House Rules, and
Committee Rules. The goals of this position include the development of the
incumbent’s legal research, writing, and advice skills, exposure to the
Committee's areas of jurisdiction, and increased knowledge of the Legislative
Branch.
MAJOR DUTIES:
•Legal research as directed by the General Counsel or other members of the legal
team.
Page 12 of 20

•Writing tasks to include plain English advice and memoranda.
•Committee hearing/meeting monitoring and preparation assistance.
•As the congressional calendar warrants, assistance to the General Counsel with
respect to the debate of legislation either in Committee or on the Floor of the
House.
•Other duties as assigned.
REQUIREMENTS:
•Enrolled at an accredited U.S. law school (or a recent graduate).
•United States citizenship.
•Demonstrated interest in developing legal research and writing skills and open to
mentoring and constructive, productive feedback.
•Ability to initiate and maintain positive working relationships with colleagues.
•Ability to complete assigned tasks and prioritize those tasks in an efficient
manner in a high-pressure environment that may require tight deadlines.
•Dedicated focus on strong communication.
•Ability to act with integrity and in a fair and equitable fashion toward all
Members, staff, and stakeholders.
•Anticipates and adjusts for problems.
•Creative and has a willingness to learn and grow.
BENEFITS:
•Paid stipend.
•Transit benefits.
•Class credit (if available through the law school).
APPLICATION: To apply, please send a resume and writing sample
to Hannah.Fraher@mail.house.gov.
* This is a Congressional position. Applicants’ partisan affiliation may be
considered. *
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of
work being performed by incumbents assigned to this job. This is not intended to
be an exhaustive list of all the responsibilities, duties, and skills required. The
duties may be changed, and other duties may be assigned.
MEM-502-23

The Office of Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) seeks
exceptional students that are committed to public service to serve as interns in our
DC and DE offices this spring. The spring internship is from January 2024 –
May 2024 and is open to college students and recent graduates.
In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will vary and include answering
phones, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending
hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on various issues before
the House of Representatives. As a result, interns learn about the legislative
process and the many other functions of a congressional office. In the district
Page 13 of 20

offices, interns may be asked to help with day-to-day office work such as
answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition,
interns may be assigned to work on various constituent casework issues and
Delaware-based special projects.
To apply, please send one compiled PDF of your resume, a cover letter that
describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and the
contact information for two references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov,
indicating the office (DC, Wilmington, or Georgetown) and the term you are
applying for in the subject line (i.e. “DC Spring 2023 Internship – NAME”).
Please note in the cover letter or body of the email if the internship is for school
credit. No phone calls, emails, or drop-ins please.
MEM-501-23

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Spring 2024 session.
The internship would begin on January 2 and last until April 28. Our specific
dates are tentative on the release of the official House schedule.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge of the
day-to-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled in
an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend.
The internship is an ideal fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or
government – however, any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns
will assist the legislative staff by conducting policy research, answering phones,
leading tours, and helping with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should address their application materials to Katonya
Pettaway at Interns.NC03@gmail.com. Applications should include a cover
letter, resume, and what the individual’s internship schedule may look like.

MEM-492-23

"The Washington D.C. Office of Congressman Anthony D’Esposito is looking
for highly motivated individuals for their spring internship program.
Candidates should be able to work efficiently in high stress, fast moving
environments and handle multiple projects at the same time. Duties include
answering phones and speaking with constituents, greeting guests in the front
office, assisting the legislative and communications teams, and leading
Page 14 of 20

constituent tours. Interns will get a unique look behind the scenes of the federal
legislative process and will gain valuable public policy experience. Ties to the
district are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should submit their applications
via https://desposito.house.gov/services/internships for consideration."
MEM-486-23

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the spring internship session.
The start date would be as early as the beginning of January (flexible depending
on availability) with a flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on
availability and have access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to paxton.antonucci@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in your cover letter that
you’re applying for a fall internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume],
[Full Name_Cover Letter].

MEM-484-23

PRESS AND DIGITAL INTERN
The House Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time digital
media and traditional press intern position this fall.
The intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content creation,
graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and administrative tasks
as necessary. Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such
as Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as
compiling and interpreting social media analytics.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment and willingness to
learn are a must. This position reports to the Communications Director.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Page 15 of 20

To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
MEM-480-23

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for the spring of 2024.
This is an in-person opportunity, with some hybrid work-from-home hours
possible. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

MEM-479-23

The Democratic staff of the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is
seeking law students for full-time or part-time internships.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, participate directly in the
Page 16 of 20

oversight process, and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the
House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive Branch officials and stakeholders for the purpose of taking notes. Law
students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff.
Applicants should have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, and
possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Hours can be flexible,
but applicants willing to work full-time are preferred.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Spring 2024 Legal Internship” in the subject line. Please attach the resume
and cover letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.
MEM-476-23

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Winter 2024.
•The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
•Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
•Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
•Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 20 hours per week during the semester.

Page 17 of 20

How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District. The deadline to submit applications is November 10,
2023, at 11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ+
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ+
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-475-23

Paid Internship Opportunity: Office of Congressman Chris Pappas NH-01
Serving as an intern on our team is an exciting opportunity to work closely
alongside staff and develop professional skills in a Congressional office setting.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work
cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written
communications skills.
An internship in the Washington, DC office encompasses a variety of tasks and
assignments such as answering phones, greeting visitors, giving tours, writing
letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be assigned to
work with the legislative team and outreach staff to assist with legislation, special
projects, writing, and/or research. As a result, interns learn about the legislative
process and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Apply
To apply for an internship, please submit your resume, cover letter, and one short
writing sample (no longer than two pages total)
to Pappas.Internships@mail.house.gov with “[Last Name] Internship Application
– [Winter/Spring] 2024 ” in the subject line.
In your email, please also specify your specific dates and times of availability as
well as which office you’re applying for. The deadline for Winter/Spring 2024
applications is Sunday, October 22 at 11:59 pm.
Winter/Spring Interns will begin in the first few weeks of January and end in
May. Start and end dates are flexible.
Current appropriations law prohibits the use of federally appropriated funds to
pay the compensation of U.S. government employees whose post of duty is in the
Page 18 of 20

continental U.S. unless that person, generally:
1.Is a U.S. citizen;
2.Is a lawful permanent resident and has applied for (or affirms that he or she will
apply for) citizenship within six months of first becoming eligible to apply (and
the person must complete the citizenship process within two years of applying,
but delays attributable to the processing of the application do not count toward
the two-year deadline);
3.Is admitted as a refugee or is granted asylum and has filed a declaration of
intention to become a lawful permanent resident and subsequently a citizen when
he/she is eligible to do so; or
4.Is a person who owes allegiance to the U.S. (e.g., nationals of American Samoa,
the Swains Island, or the Northern Mariana Islands; and nationals who meet other
requirements described in 8 U.S.C. § 1408).
See Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022, Pub. L. No. 117-103, div. E tit. VII,
§ 704 (2022).
MEM-465-23

Fall 2023 Legal Fellow – The Office of Congresswoman Cherfilus-McCormick,
a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee (HFAC) and Ranking
Member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Subcommittee on Technology
Modernization (HVAC) seeks a seeks a full or part time legal fellow to work on
their legislative team for the Fall of 2023 with an interest in either foreign affairs,
health care, housing, or economic development.
Primary responsibilities include supporting senior legislative staff in developing
legislative proposals, working with constituents and stakeholders, tracking
legislation, drafting letters, and participating in comprehensive research.
Candidates should have exceptional writing, research and analytical skills.
Demonstrated interest in working on policy issues – such as foreign affairs
(Africa and Western Hemisphere with a special focus on Haiti), health care,
housing, or economic development – is preferred. This is a full-time position
based in Washington, D.C.
Education/Experience:
•Must be currently enrolled in a Juris Doctor program.
•Congressional experience, including internships, is preferred.
Expectations:
•Full (preferred) or part time availability;
•Maintain a good working relationship with the legislative department;
•Meet attendance requirements as established by the Office; and
•Ability to work in a fast-paced environment while completing long termprojects.
Compensation:
$3,000 monthly stipend.

Page 19 of 20

To Apply:
Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. The Office will contact
the best-qualified candidates to begin the interview process. To apply, please
email Fabian.Lucero@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2023 Legal Fellow” in the
subject line and the following materials: (1) cover letter, (2) resume, (3)
transcript, (4) two references including name, current title and organization,
phone number and email.
The Office of Representative Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick is an equal
opportunity employer. The Office does not discriminate on the basis of an
individual’s race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service. The
Office is committed to diversity and inclusion. Individuals from all backgrounds
are encouraged to apply.

Page 20 of 20

