________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 17, 2023

MEM-233-23

"The office of Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke (NY-09) is seeking a
Washington D.C. based, in-person, full-time, paid Digital Press Intern for the
upcoming Summer 2023 session. Team Clarke expects the ideal candidate to be
driven, team-orientated, and interested in diving into the inner workings of
Capitol Hill.
This position requires applicants to have the ability to multitask, strong
organizational skills, and possess high degrees of professionalism and diligence.
Responsibilities include compiling daily press clips, answering telephones, and
working alongside the communications team to draft social media collateral,
including copy, graphics, and other materials. Applicants may hold interests in or
have previous experience working with policy areas such as environmental
sustainability, racial justice, cybersecurity, immigration, infrastructure, affordable
housing, Caribbean issues, and health care.
Interested applicants should send their resume and two writing samples
to clarke.comms@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Clarke Digital
Internship.” New York ties strongly preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Page 1 of 10

Deadline to apply is May 26, 2023. Due to the large volume of applicants, only
those applicants who are selected for interviews will be contacted."
MEM-232-23

The Democratic staff of the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is
seeking passionate and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time
internships.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly
in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative
operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive Branch officials and stakeholders for the purpose of taking notes. Law
students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff.
Applicants should have an interest in public service and a desire to learn. They
also must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be selfmotivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Hours
can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the office full-time are preferred.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs
to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov, with “Summer 2023 Legal Internship” in the
subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the file name using the
following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.

MEM-231-23

The Office of Congressman Brian Mast (R-FL-21) is currently accepting
applications for part-time internships during the Summer 2023 term at the
Washington, D.C. office.
The internship will run from May through mid-August.

Page 2 of 10

Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting
staff with administrative duties, projects, legislative research and drafting
constituent correspondence.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a
general understanding of the legislative process, and possess strong written and
oral communication skills. Florida ties are not necessary.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and a brief writing sample in one
pdf to mckayla.swan@mail.house.gov. Please use the subject line “Summer 2023
internship.” The application deadline is May 1, 2023.
MEM-228-23

Summer internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be held in-person in both
the Washington, DC, and Burnsville offices.
All interns are paid a stipend and provided with the necessary technology for
their work. Schedules are flexible to accommodate course schedules and
academic programs; however, a minimum availability of 20-25 hours per week is
highly preferred.
All interns will have the opportunity to work with staff in both offices over the
course of the internship and the program is easily tailored to fit interns’ policy
interests and career goals. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative
process, learn about all the different functions of a congressional office, and gain
hands-on professional experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s
Second Congressional District.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident
and effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong
writing skills. They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with
the general public.
Application Instructions:
• To apply for an internship in the Washington, DC or Burnsville office, please
email a combined PDF of your resume and one-page cover letter
to craig.internships@mail.house.gov. Please format your email subject line as
“FirstName.LastName – Rep. Craig [DC or District] Internship.”
• Please include which office you are applying for (Burnsville or Washington,
DC) and your weekly availability between the hours of 8:00am and 6:00pm in
your cover letter.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented
backgrounds to apply. Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status.
Page 3 of 10

For Summer internships, applications must be submitted no later than 11:59pm
CT on Sunday, April 30, 2023. Late submissions will not be considered nor
accepted. If you have any questions regarding the internship program or the
application process, please email craig.internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-212-23

Summer Press Intern – Office of Congressman Eric Swalwell (CA-14)
The Office of Rep. Eric Swalwell (CA-14) seeks a press intern for the upcoming
Summer 2023 term from May to August. Interns are eligible for a stipend. The
ideal candidate will have strong written and oral communication skills,
familiarity with graphic design including Canva and Adobe creative suite, and
relevant internship experience related to communications, government, or
campaigns.
Duties include assisting with editing video clips, creating digital content,
developing social media content and helping the team with a variety of projects
as needed throughout the week. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fastpast environments, and a willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
Hours are flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules; generally, a fulltime fellowship would run from 9:00AM to 5:00PM ET. at least three days a
week.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. To apply please email
resume, cover letter, and two examples of previous digital media or graphic
design products to Cassie.Baloue@mail.house.gov with “Press intern” in the
subject line.

MEM-204-23

SUMMARY:
The Office of Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley (MA-07) seeks a highly
motivated Communications Intern to support the Congresswoman’s district
office from May – September. The Communications Intern supports the office’s
fast-paced and dynamic communications operation, including content capturing,
photographing and livestreaming events, and media monitoring. This position
also assists with various administrative duties at the request of the
Congresswoman, the District Director, and Deputy District Director.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Support implementation of digital communications for the Congresswoman;
• Support maintenance of digital and photo archives;
• Capture photos and film videos to use on social media and public facing
platforms for community events;
• Support with logistics for town halls, press conferences, and other public-facing
engagements, both virtual and in-person;
Page 4 of 10

• Support on administrative functions of the office such as constituent calls,
casework and data entry.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Our office prioritizes building a diverse team committed to advocating for the
residents of the Massachusetts 7th. Experience with digital, graphic design, press,
organizing, or advocacy experience is strongly recommended. As a practice as an
office, we do not require any pre-requisite degrees. Ties to Massachusetts
preferred, but not required.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong communications skills, including writing, editing, and proofreading;
•Experience creating content for social media platforms (Instagram, TikTok,
Twitter);
•Experience with photography and/or videography;
•Experience in customer service or advocacy/organizing;
•A commitment to the inclusive and progressive values of the office;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•20 hours weekly, divided between the Boston District Office and community
events in the MA 7th.
•Intern must be able to travel within Massachusetts 25% of the time
•Noise levels in the office are usually moderate
•Ability to work in small a workstation without an expectation of privacy.
•Proof of COVID 19 vaccine & booster is required prior to start date.
• This role is based in Boston, MA in the Congresswoman’s District office.
COMPENSATION & QUALIFICATIONS:
Our office is committed to building a team with diverse lived and professional
experience that well equips our team to serve the Massachusetts 7th. Candidates
are encouraged to apply and describe in their cover letter how their experience
translates to the needs of the office and the role. Ties to the MA 7th are
considered but not required. Intern candidates must be at least 18 years old.
While we are happy to sponsor course credit when available, enrollment in a
higher education institution is not required. All internships in our office come
with a stipend of $18/hour, paid at the close of each month.
Program runs mid-May to early September. Schedule can be negotiated to
accommodate school commitments if relevant.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please send a cover letter, resume, 3 references and digital/communications
portfolio (optional) to intern.pressley@mail.house.gov, subject line
“Communications Internship Boston Summer 2023” no later than May 1st
2023..Please do not call or stop into the office. If you have any questions or
would like to submit a recommendation for a candidate, please email.
Page 5 of 10

MEM-190-23

Congressman Dan Goldman offers internships in both his Washington D.C. and
District Offices in Manhattan and Brooklyn.
To apply, please submit your resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample as
one PDF at https://goldman.house.gov/services/internships
We are proudly an office that is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, military status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Special consideration will be given to candidates with ties to NY-10 and those
who speak a second language so please include this information in your cover
letter.
Summer Priority Application Deadline: Monday, April 3rd at 5pm. Applications
will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Intern responsibilities may include but are not limited to:
•Answering phones
•Batching emails and drafting responses to constituents
•Assisting staff with events
•Researching legislation and legislative ideas
•Giving Capitol Tours if in DC
•Assisting with resolving constituent issues with federal agencies (casework) in
NYC
•Attending briefings and hearings for staff and drafting memos about them
Applicant Requirements
•Effective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the office
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
•Attention to detail
•Willingness to learn new skills and tasks and be flexible in supporting Member
and all staff in various roles.
Additionally, Interns and Law Clerks, depending on their location and
specialization will assist with casework/constituent services, press or legislative
assignments where needed.

MEM-188-23

DC Office – Summer Internships

Page 6 of 10

The DC office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently
accepting applicants for paid and unpaid summer internships (June - August
2023). The DC office offers two types of internships:
Legislative Internships
Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff by preparing briefing notes and
memos, researching legislation, tracking legislative activity, providing mail
program support, answering phones, inputting casework inquiries, attending
hearings, and advancing the Congresswoman’s legislative agenda.
Press Internships
Press Interns assist the communications staff by compiling clips, drafting social
media posts and press releases, creating digital content, and aiding the
Congresswoman’s communications efforts. Experience working in
communications is a plus.
-Ideal candidates for these internships possess strong communication skills, an
excellent attention to detail, an ability to succeed in a fast-paced workplace, and a
good sense of humor. Ties to Washington State are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF document
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “DC Summer Internship-[LAST NAME]” in
the subject line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship you are
applying for.
The deadline for applications is Tuesday, April 18, 2023, at 5 PM PT, but
applicants are encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are
incomplete or submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is an Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not
discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity,
national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information,
age, military service, or another non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants and
individuals in underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no
unsolicited phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-186-23

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Spring 2023 session. This internship would start
immediately and last until early May 2023.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge of the
day-to-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled in
an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an ideal
fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government – however,
any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the legislative
Page 7 of 10

staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping
with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. This will be an in-person
internship. Interested candidates should apply through our
website https://gregmurphy.house.gov/services/internships
MEM-178-23

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks
interns for the upcoming Summer 2023 term.
Responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings, drafting and editing
constituent correspondence letters and memos, conducting research for the
legislative staff, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing
support for the day-to-day activities of the office. Our interns have the
opportunity to work either in person or virtually, but preference will be given to
applicants who can commit to working in person. Interns are paid via a monthly
stipend.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal-opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and one short writing
sample to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants should
indicate their availability for Monday-Friday. The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM
ET on Friday, April 21st, 2023.

MEM-174-23

The Office of Congresswoman Laurel Lee (FL-15) is currently seeking
candidates for a paid Spring 2023 internship in her Washington D.C. office.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering and logging
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, drafting constituent letters,
performing legislative research, leading Capitol tours, and assisting with
communications tasks. The internship provides a valuable opportunity to
contribute to the daily operations of a congressional office and gain first-hand
experience with the legislative process.
Ideal candidates will be team-players who have a strong work ethic, quality
written and verbal communication skills, possess a positive attitude and a
Page 8 of 10

commitment to exceptional constituent service. Florida ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested candidates should submit their cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Hannah.So@mail.house.gov.
MEM-143-23

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for Summer 2023.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, (including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample) to https://cartwright.house.gov/services/internships.htm. No phone calls
or drop-ins please.

MEM-054-23

Summer Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Summer 2022. The internship is in-person and will run
from late May to early August. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Summer 2022 Internship” to Jerome.Vainisi1@mail.house.gov, or by
applying through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships

MEM-597-22

House Democrat seeks a paid Legislative Fellow to assist senior legislative staff
with a wide variety of legislative topics and tasks. The Legislative Fellow will
gain experience in preparing for committee hearings and markups; developing
and advancing legislation; drafting speeches; and meeting with constituents and
other stakeholders.
Page 9 of 10

The ideal candidate will possess superb written and oral communication skills;
have some policy experience; and will enjoy collaborating with others in a fastpaced environment.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to housedemjobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Fellow” in the subject line.

Page 10 of 10

