________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 19, 2024

MEM-073-24

The Office of Congresswoman Grace F. Napolitano (D-CA) is seeking candidates
for a paid Summer internship in our Washington D.C. office.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communication skills,
eager to learn, detail oriented, and passionate about public service. Women,
people of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include:
-Answering phones
-Writing letters to constituents on a variety of policy topics
-Assisting constituents with matters related to federal agencies
-Researching legislation for the Member and the staff
-Attending hearings and briefings
The ideal candidate will be available from late May until July / August and can
work from 9am – 6pm ET when Congress is in session and from 9am – 5pm ET
when Congress is not in session. Students with ties to the district or to Southern
California are strongly preferred.
To apply for an internship please email Sam.Schiller@mail.house.gov by
midnight on March 8th, 2024, with a resume and cover letter in a single PDF file.
Page 1 of 14

Please have your email subject line read “Spring Internship Application – (First
Name, Last Name).”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-069-24

“The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) is seeking full or parttime interns for his Washington, D.C. office.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
research. This is a paid internship that complies with the House Paid Internship
Program.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: Summer 2024
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.”

MEM-067-24

“The office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is now accepting
applicants for Summer Congressional Internships in our Washington, DC office.
Successful applicants will be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work
ethic, and interact well with constituents. In addition, applicants should have a
strong interest in the legislative process and the function of Congress. A monthly
stipend will be provided to individuals selected for the internship.
Internship duties in the Washington, DC office may include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
• Attending congressional hearings and policy briefings
• Answering constituent letters on various issues before the House
• Helping the communications/press team
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents and other guests
• Other projects as assigned by the staff
To apply, please email your resume to Wisconsin.resumes@mail.house.gov
Ties to the state of Wisconsin are preferred, but not required. “

MEM-062-24

Congresswoman Hillary Scholten is looking for highly motivated and driven
interns for Summer 2024.

Page 2 of 14

Opportunities are available for both her Washington, D.C. office and her district
office in Grand Rapids.
To apply, please submit your resume, cover letter, and one reference in one PDF
to MI03Internships@mail.house.gov. The subject line must include your full
name and which office you are interested in for your application to be considered.
Interns will receive a monthly stipend. The deadline for applications is Friday,
March 29th at 5:00 p.m.
DC OFFICE
Hours will typically be 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. when Congress is in session and 9 a.m. to
5 p.m. when Congress is out of session. Interns are expected to work full time but
hours can be flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules. The D.C.
Office internship allows interns to get involved with the legislative process.
Responsibilities include:
•Answering phone calls and greeting constituents and stakeholders that enter the
office
•Logging phone calls, mail, and other correspondence into our database
•Drafting letters addressing constituent concerns
•Putting together daily news clips
•Assisting the legislative staff with research and compiling information
•Giving Capitol tours
•Attending hearings and briefings
•Any other tasks assigned by the Internship Coordinator
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Ties to Michigan’s 3rd Congressional District/West Michigan are a plus.
DISTRICT OFFICE- Grand Rapids
The district office is open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday. Interns
are expected to work a minimum of 16 hours weekly, in no less than 4 hours
blocks. This is to accommodate their academic schedules. District office interns
will engage with constituents and the community while being at the intersection
of the federal government.
Responsibilities include:
•Answering phone calls and greeting constituents and stakeholders that enter the
office.
•Logging phone calls, mail, and other correspondence into our database
•Drafting letters addressing constituent concerns
•Monitoring local news and social media for current activities in the district
•Assisting the district staff with research
Page 3 of 14

•Attending meetings with local stakeholders or constituents
•Interacting with government agencies to resolve constituent issues
•Any other tasks assigned by the Internship Coordinator
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Ties to Michigan’s 3rd Congressional District/West Michigan are a plus.
MEM-061-24

DC Press Internship
Rep. Katie Porter (CA-47) seeks a highly motivated intern for her DC office
spring press internship program. This internship is expected to start by April 1
and we are open to end dates in June. The ideal candidate is highly organized,
creative, able to multitask, has strong written and verbal communication skills, an
interest in communications, and able to learn and use Adobe Premiere Pro and
Photoshop.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
•Compile daily press clips
•Draft social media posts, press releases, and other written materials
•Clip and caption video content for digital platforms
•Design graphics for use across social media platforms
•Research media contacts/reporters and pitch stories to press
•Answer incoming phone calls to log opinions, connect staffers to outside
stakeholders, and direct callers to appropriate resources
•Enter and organize incoming constituent messages from mail and voicemail into
the IQ database
•Respond to constituent messages through phone calls or emails as needed
•Perform other duties as assigned by the communications staff
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Ties to Orange County/Southern California are
a plus.
Interns are expected in the office from 9 am to 5 pm, however hours are flexible
based on a student’s course schedule. Interns will receive a monthly stipend. To
apply, send a cover letter, resume, and a small portfolio with a writing sample
and 2-3 graphics, videos, or other creative content
to CA47.Internship@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2024 DC Press Internship” in
the subject line.
The deadline for submission is Sunday, February 25th at 11:59 PM EST. No
phone calls.
Page 4 of 14

MEM-058-24

The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a driven,
detail-oriented, hardworking, and engaged individual to work with her team.
This internship will be primarily in-person in the Washington, DC office with
potential for some occasional remote work. The timing of the internship is
flexible based on the candidate’s schedule but would ideally start in mid-May and
could last up to 12 weeks. The intern would work with the Congresswoman’s
dynamic team to improve the lives of Seventh District constituents and
communities.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Constituent services: assist the front office staff with answering constituent
questions over the phone and through the mail, draft correspondence, and assist
with other office administration tasks;
• Legislative research: work with the legislative team to conduct research on issue
areas, write memos, and learn about the legislative process;
• District research: research and compile information for district events and
outreach;
• Communications: collaborate with the Communications team on tasks as needed
such as writing letters; and
• Other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES:
• Responsible, reliable, punctual
• Has knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs
• Able to problem solve, think quickly, adapt, and handle sensitive information
HOURS & COMPENSATION: The schedule is flexible and based on candidate’s
schedule. This is a PAID internship; the office will pay an hourly rate for
applicants not supported by outside fellowships.
TO APPLY: Please submit a resume and a 1-page cover letter that answers the
following questions in a single PDF:
• What, do you feel, is the biggest problem facing VA-07?
• How do you want to impact the community?
Please include the dates you are available, and any other scheduling constraints
(e.g. mornings or afternoons only) in your application.
Email this information to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Summer 2024 Internship – First Name, Last Name.”
DEADLINE: Applications received by March 8, 2024 will be considered.
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger is an equal opportunity employer.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against because of race,
Page 5 of 14

religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical disability, sexual
orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender expression) identity, color,
marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or any other classification
protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.
MEM-052-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for the summer of 2024. This is an in-person opportunity with some
hybrid work-from-home hours possible. A majority of the program is spent in the
office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

MEM-051-24

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full time interns for the summer internship session. The start

Page 6 of 14

date would be starting in early to late May with a flexible end date. interns are
paid a stipend based on availability and have access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to nj02internships@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in your cover letter that
you’re applying for a spring internship and format the files as [Full
Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter].
MEM-050-24

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Summer Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting constituent correspondence
•Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
•Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
•Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample (no more
than 1-2 pages), and two references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “Summer Legislative Internship, NAME” by March 30th, 2024.
Please include availability in the cover letter and compile all application materials
into one PDF document.

MEM-048-24

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Summer 2024 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
Page 7 of 14

including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other congressional
offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability
to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov
MEM-047-24

Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his Salem office and
Washington D.C. offices.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, current graduate
students, and recent college graduates. Interns receive a stipend distributed based
on total hours worked.
D.C. RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail.
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman.
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
•Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents.
•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research.
DISTRICT RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk.
•Assisting the Casework Team on a variety of casework requests involving
federal agencies.
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings.
Page 8 of 14

•Assembling press and news clips.
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research and attending community events.
APPLICATIONS
Applicants can access the application here, through a google form:
https://moulton.house.gov/services/internship-application
Applicants can find more information on the internship portal
at moulton.house.gov under the ‘Services’ tab.
All applications are due on March 10th, 2024, and will be reviewed after the
application period closes.
If you have trouble accessing the application form above or have other questions,
please email Bridget Pegg (bridget.pegg@mail.house.gov.)
MEM-045-24

The Office of Congressman Brian Mast (R-FL-21) is currently accepting
applications to fill a part-time and unpaid internship vacancy during the Spring
2024 semester at the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting
staff with administrative duties, projects, legislative research and drafting
constituent correspondence. We are seeking an intern who can work during
standard business hours, preferably on Mondays and Wednesdays.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a
general understanding of the legislative process, and possess strong written and
oral communication skills. Florida ties are not necessary but preferred.
Interested candidates should submit their resume and at least one (no more than
three) writing samples to joseph.harrington@mail.house.gov

MEM-043-24

The Washington, D.C., Office of Congressman Adam B. Schiff (CA-30) is
seeking professional, enthusiastic, and hardworking interns to assist staff with
administrative and legislative work.
The Summer 2024 term runs from May through August and is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates. Interns typically work three
days per week, with flexibility to accommodate class schedules. Interns will
receive a stipend. Academic credit is also available.
Responsibilities
•Front office duties, including answering telephones, sorting mail, greeting
visitors, and assisting with the Congressman’s meetings
•Compiling press clips and assisting the communications team
Page 9 of 14

•Processing and drafting responses to constituent correspondence
•Attending briefings and conducting policy research as requested by legislative
staff
•Performing various other tasks to ensure the office functions smoothly
To Apply
All applicants should apply by March 15 at 11:59 p.m.
at https://schiff.house.gov/help/internships
Please note that we always receive more applications than we can accommodate
and that applicants with ties to the 30th District are given preference. Candidates
from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
MEM-038-24

The Office of Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) seeks
exceptional students that are committed to public service to serve as interns in
our DC and DE offices this summer. The summer internship is from June 2024 –
August 2024.
In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will vary and include answering
phones, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending
hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on various issues before
the House of Representatives. As a result, interns learn about the legislative
process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
In the district offices, interns may be asked to help with day-to-day office work
such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with media clips. In
addition, interns may be assigned to work on various constituent casework issues
and Delaware-based special projects.
To apply, please send one compiled PDF of your resume, a cover letter that
describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and the
contact information for two references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov,
indicating the office (DC, Wilmington, or Georgetown) and the term you are
applying for in the subject line (i.e. “DC Summer 2024 Internship – NAME”).
Please note in the cover letter or body of the email if the internship is for school
credit. No phone calls, emails, or drop-ins please.

MEM-037-24

The Office of Congresswoman Summer Lee is committed to investing in the next
generation of public leaders and citizen activists. Congressional internships offer
a comprehensive learning opportunity to understand better how congressional
offices and the legislative process work. Both in the Washington, DC, and
District Office, the internship program is designed to be a learning experience in
which students are exposed to various areas including constituent services,
Page 10 of 14

scheduling, office administration, press and communications, and legislative
policy.
Typical duties will include answering phones, leading Capitol tours (Washington,
D.C.-based), researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on a variety of
issues. The ideal candidate for this paid, part-time internship will be teamoriented and have strong written and verbal communication skills.
Students and recent graduates who are interested in the legislative process are
highly encouraged to apply. The Congresswoman is on the Oversight and
Accountability Committee and the Space, Science, and Technology Committee.
Ties to Pennsylvania’s 12th Congressional District are preferred, but not
necessary.
All applicants should apply by March 15, 2024
at: https://summerlee.house.gov/internships
MEM-036-24

Internships are available in both the Washington, D.C. and Little Rock, AR
offices of Congressman French Hill. Applications should be submitted by March
1, 2024 but early applications are encouraged.
In Washington, interns will work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill office, gaining
valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S.
Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, answering
constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol building tours,
and assisting staff with administrative tasks. D.C. internships will be
approximately 5 weeks for Session One (late May - late June) and Session Two
(early July - early August).
Interns in D.C. also will have the opportunity to:
• Conduct research on various legislative issues
• Assist with mail correspondence
• Attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events
• Assist with our communication team edit and write newsletters, blogs, and
memos
• Guide constituents on Capitol tours
In Little Rock, interns will work closely with district office staff in various
constituent services areas and will have the opportunity to:
• Focus on constituent services
• Assist in answering constituent phone calls
• Assist staff with outreach and special projects as needed

Page 11 of 14

Internships in Little Rock will be for 8 weeks (late May - late July). Interns have
a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral
communication skills. Social media and other communications experience a plus.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing
to work both independently and as part of a team. Applicants should have
working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to
assist with daily office tasks.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and two references
to ar02.applications@mail.house.gov to apply. When submitting your
application, please indicate which office location and which summer 2024 term
(if applicable) you are applying for.
MEM-035-24

The Office of Congressman Maxwell Alejandro Frost is hiring an intern in our
Washington, D.C. office for the spring 2024 semester. Interns will gain
invaluable educational experience from working in Congress. The hours can be
flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but we generally require 35
hours a week and pay $18 an hour.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They may be asked to answer phones, run
errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, fulfill tasks for
communications staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent
letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the
legislative process and the many functions of a congressional office.
District and Florida ties preferred. Women, people of color, and other members
of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should apply on our website
via https://frost.house.gov/services/internships and indicate which term they wish
to apply for. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-034-24

The Democratic staff of the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is
seeking passionate and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time
internships.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly
in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative
operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive Branch officials and stakeholders for the purpose of taking notes. Law
Page 12 of 14

students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff.
Applicants should have an interest in public service and a desire to learn. They
also must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be selfmotivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Hours
can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the office full-time are preferred.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Summer 2024 Legal Internship” in the subject line. Please attach the
resume and cover letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.
MEM-022-24

House Democrat seeks a paid Legislative Fellow to assist senior legislative staff
with a wide variety of legislative topics and tasks.
The Legislative Fellow will gain experience in preparing for committee hearings
and markups; developing and advancing legislation; drafting speeches; and
meeting with constituents and other stakeholders. The ideal candidate will
possess superb written and oral communication skills; have some policy
experience; and enjoy collaborating with others in a fast-paced environment.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to housedemjobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Fellow” in the subject line.

MEM-016-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking full-time paid interns for the
Summer 2024 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
Page 13 of 14

responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings,
performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various
projects. Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent
communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public
service and progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr. unless funded by
an outside organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter stating availability,
short writing sample, and three references
to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with the subject “2024 Summer
Internship Application – FirstName LastName” by Sunday, March 31st.

Page 14 of 14

