________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 28, 2015
MEM-307-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04) seeks highly
motivated interns, full time or part time, for Fall 2015. Successful candidates
will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented, and professional.
Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will:
answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; lead tours of the
US Capitol building; attend hearings and briefings; and assist with legislative
research. Internships are unpaid, but arrangements may be made to earn academic
credit.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
OR04.InternCoordinator@mail.house.gov.
Candidates with Oregon ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-306-15

Democratic Congressman Mike Honda is seeking interns for the fall.

Page 1 of 26

Interns will:
- Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting incoming mail,
greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
- Assist in the preparation of letters to constituents.
- Perform legislative research.
- Respond to requests from constituents.
- Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
- Sit in on meetings with stakeholders.
- Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the legislative process.
Candidates with full-time availability are highly preferred. Additionally, ties to
the Bay Area and additional languages are preferred.
Congressman Mike Honda represents California’s 17th Congressional District,
which includes much of Silicon Valley. He serves on the prestigious
Appropriations Committee’s subcommittees on Commerce, Justice, and Science
and on Energy and Water. He is a champion of progressive ideals has a strong
focus on education, civil rights, and science and technology policy.
Applicants should email a resume and cover letter to:
bayareademocrat@gmail.com.
MEM-305-15

The Office of Congressman Trent Franks (R-AZ) seeks Fall 2015 interns for his
Washington D.C. office. Candidates should be energetic, hard-working, eager to
learn, and able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interns will be responsible for answering phones, speaking with constituents
about legislative affairs, scheduling and giving Capitol tours, attending briefings,
and supporting the legislative staff. Other responsibilities may include editing or
writing briefs, doing research on current legislation, planning events on the Hill,
and responding to constituent mail.
Interested candidates should email a current resume to
Chelsea.Patterson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-304-15

Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for January through May 2016. Main responsibilities include
answering phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
researching legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There
will also be opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest.
Candidates should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate
(with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college
students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred.
Please e-mail your cover letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at
samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.
Page 2 of 26

MEM-301-15

Louisiana Republican seeks full and part time intern(s) to start immediately in
Washington, DC office. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
greeting constituents, answering phone calls, opening and sorting mail,
scheduling and guiding US Capitol Building tours, and assisting staff with
administrative tasks. Interns are also provided the opportunity to conduct
legislative research and attend briefings, hearing, and press events.
Ideal candidate will have excellent written and verbal communication skills,
strong work ethic, ability to multi-task, and a positive attitude.
Southern ties preferred, but not necessary.
Those interested please send resumes to Ann.Pierce@mail.house.gov with “Intern
Application” in the subject line.

MEM-291-15

The Washington, DC, office of a high profile Member of Congress has unpaid
Press internship openings to begin immediately until end of the year.
Press interns are expected to work long hours and commit between 3-5 days per
week. Internship duties include, but are not limited to compiling and daily clips,
drafting press releases and op-eds, proofreading and editing, maintaining press
lists, updating Member's communications calendar, website and social media
platforms. Intern may also assist with answering phones, incoming and outgoing
mail, addressing constituent concerns, and assisting the Legislative/District office
staff. Strong writing skills are needed and familiarity with new media and
website development is a plus. Priority will be given to those with journalism or
communications education/experience.
The ideal candidate will be creative, motivated, mature, detail-orientated, and
possess the ability to multi-task under high pressure. This is a great opportunity
for college students and recent graduates. Women and minorities, especially
those with Spanish language fluency, are highly encouraged to apply.
To apply for the position, please send your cover letter, resume and writing
sample addressed to the Comm. Director at ny13intern@gmail.com with the
subject: Press Intern.

MEM-290-15

Congressman Himes’ Washington D.C. office (CT-04) seeks motivated interns
available to start immediately. Potential interns should be able to work
independently, have good communication skills, and have an interest in the
legislative process. Tasks will include fielding constituent inquiries, drafting
memos and letters, attending briefings, leading tours of the capitol and helping
with administrative tasks. Interns will also have the opportunity to learn more
about and focus on their issues of interest, through letter-writing and briefings.
Interns will work closely with the Staff Assistant, Legislative Correspondent,
Legislative Assistants, and Scheduler on day-to day tasks and special projects.
Page 3 of 26

Connecticut ties and full time availability preferred but not required.
Interested parties should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to
Kamilah.Tisdale@mail.house.gov.
MEM-289-15

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid full-time press intern
with exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring
interesting and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks
as assigned. The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills.
All interested and qualified candidates should email a resume and two writing
samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject “Press Internship” to:
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-288-15

Southern Republican is seeking interns for the Fall 2015 semester to join the
Washington, DC office. Ideal candidates will have excellent written and verbal
communication skills as this position involves significant constituent interaction.
Applicants must be detail oriented, professional, and highly organized.
Responsibilities include scheduling and conducting Capitol tours, processing
constituent mail, answering phones, conducting general administrative tasks, and
supporting policy staff with various projects.
Interested applicants may send a resume and cover letter to
eliza.thurston@mail.house.gov.

MEM-287-15

Congressman Tim Walz (MN-01) is seeking prospective interns available to start
immediately. Applicants should be highly-motivated, well-organized and eager
to assist with the legislative, communications and administrative needs of the
office. Such duties include, but are not limited to, attending briefings, answering
phones, drafting constituent response letters, conducting research, giving tours of
the Capitol and various other administrative tasks. Applicants should possess an
interest in the legislative process, as well as strong written and verbal
communications skills. Minnesota ties are a plus, but not required.
Applications accepted for both full and part-time positions (min. 20 hours per
week). This is an unpaid position.
To be considered, please send a resume, cover letter and at least three (3)
references ASAP to: alyssa.berg@mail.house.gov.

MEM-286-15

Midwest Republican is currently seeking interns in his Washington, D.C. office
for fall 2015 (September-December). Interns perform a variety of
responsibilities, including answering phones, receiving guests, and providing
tours of the Capitol Building. They will also research legislation for the
legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on
Page 4 of 26

various issues before the House. Interns should possess strong research, writing,
analytical, and interpersonal skills. Moreover, candidates should express an
interest in politics and conservative values.
All internships are unpaid. However, if your college or university offers credit
hours we are happy to complete any necessary evaluations.
Interested candidates should email their resume and cover letter to
MOCongressionalInternship@gmail.com.
MEM-283-15

Congressman John Carney (DE-At-Large) is seeking full-time and part-time
unpaid interns starting immediately. Interns will gain exposure to the activities
of a Capitol Hill office and develop meaningful relationships with members of
the staff. Duties include responding to constituent mail and phone calls, leading
U.S. Capitol tours, performing legislative research, compiling press clips, and
helping with other office tasks. No minimum time commitment is required,
though preference will be given to applicants who can work at least 15 hours a
week. The office offers flexibility for those seeking full-time employment who
may need to leave the office during the day for interviews or networking
activities.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
carney.scheduling@mail.house.gov.

MEM-282-15

Intern needed to start immediately. Stipend available. Please indicate any
connections to Minnesota in your cover letter's first paragraph.
We are seeking energetic and proficient interns in the Washington, D.C. office of
Congresswoman Betty McCollum (MN04). An internship in Congresswoman
McCollum’s office will provide valuable experience to students as they prepare
for their professional careers. Interns have the opportunity to work with and assist
all members of the staff, including legislative, administrative, outreach and press
duties. Washington, DC interns will be encouraged to take advantage of the
many hearings, workshops and seminars that are held on Capitol Hill.
In addition, we are happy to work with your college or university to arrange for
academic credit. Applicants should be highly motivated and enthusiastic, as there
are far more applicants than available positions.
Minnesota ties are strongly preferred.
Responsibilities include:
• Supporting administrative staff: answering phones, database entry, and sorting
mail.
• Supporting legislative staff: tracking constituent correspondence, drafting
letters, and conducting light research.
Page 5 of 26

• Attending briefings and hearings for legislative staff.
• Compiling news clips.
• Promoting constituent outreach efforts by communicating with constituents and
constituent groups, attending meetings and events, and drafting correspondence.
Hours:
• Internships are available year‐round.
• They are available on a part‐time or full‐time basis. Minimum 25 hours a week.
• Transportation and housing are the responsibility of interns.
Application process:
Applicants should send a cover letter, available hours and a resume.
Those interested in a Washington, DC internship should email
scheduler_mn04dc@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate any Minnesota ties in the first paragraph of your cover letter.
MEM-281-15

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the fall 2015 semester. Interns will work in
a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of
the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence, as well as
attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid.
Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able
to find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as
well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and
resume. Availability must be in cover letter.

MEM-280-15

Midwest Democrat is seeking interns for the fall 2015 semester.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure
and knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress.
Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with
correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional
hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will also include greeting
constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving
Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid.

Page 6 of 26

Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information
with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a
team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working
knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American
Government, fiscal issues, education and reproductive rights.
Wisconsin ties a plus.
Requirements:
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week
(9:00 am-6:00 pm).

MEM-279-15

Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to
Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov by September 18, 2015.
Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available full-time and part-time, unpaid
internships for the 2015 Fall and 2015 Winter semesters in his Washington, D.C.
office beginning immediately. Interns will work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill
office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and
the U.S. Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents,
answering constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol
building tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have
the opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist with correspondence, as
well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Interns will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Social media and other communications experience a
plus. Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be
able to work both independently and as part of a team. Applicants should have
working knowledge of current events and policy topics as well as a willingness to
assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Those interested please send resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.

MEM-278-15

Congresswoman Mimi Walters (CA-45), a Republican freshman member who
holds a GOP leadership positon, seeks part-time interns to start immediately in
her DC office. Responsibilities will include but are not limited to administrative
duties, legislative research, helping with mail, assisting with tours and other
constituent services.
Preference is for an individual who can work part-time from now through
December. California ties are preferred, but not necessary.

Page 7 of 26

If interested please send a resume and a brief cover letter to
InternshipsCA45@gmail.com with “Internship Application” in the subject line.
MEM-277-15

Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks part time/full time hard working intern
for fall 2015. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone
calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending
various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication
skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest
in learning more about the legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov.
Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.

MEM-275-15

Northeastern House Democrat seeks a full-time intern to start immediately in
Washington, D.C. office. Duties will include drafting constituent
correspondence, sorting mail, answering telephones, attending legislative
briefings, assisting the legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned.
Ideal candidates will have strong written and verbal communications skills, the
ability to multi-task, and a positive attitude.
Please email cover letter, resume, and availability to
housedeminterns@gmail.com.

MEM-274-15

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently
seeking undergraduate interns for Fall 2015. Interns perform a variety of tasks
that support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may
include, but are not limited to, legislative research, assembling information,
assisting staff during hearing and markup preparation and execution, and
attending hearings, markups, briefings and meetings. Media work may include
assisting staff to organize and staff Committee press conferences and assisting
with the production of daily news clips relating to Committee’s
issues. Undergraduate Interns are also trained to perform administrative duties,
such as answering phones, and sorting and distributing mail.
Applicants should be able to start in September and commit through midDecember.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter and resume to
jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.

MEM-272-15

The office of Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (NE-01) is seeking full and part-time
interns for the fall semester in its DC office. Interns engage in a variety of tasks,
and their responsibilities are assigned based on interests, capabilities, and the
Page 8 of 26

needs of the office. Interns will have the opportunity to hone their legislative
research and writing skills and interact with senior legislative staff; attend
hearings and briefings on Capitol Hill; assist with media/communications tasks
and gain proficiency in IQ; and participate in our office’s top priority, constituent
outreach, by leading tours, greeting visitors, and answering phones. Exceptional
interns in the past have gotten opportunities to write constituent letters and
contribute to constituent and staff meetings on and around Capitol Hill.
If you are interested in applying for one of the most robust internship programs
on the Hill, please submit a cover letter including the reason you would like an
internship in Congressman Fortenberry’s office, your résumé, two writing
samples, and references to NE01internships@gmail.com.
MEM-271-15

The Office of Congressman Paul D. Tonko offers unpaid internship
opportunities for students and recent college graduates seeking to gain a better
understanding of the legislative process. Interns in our office are offered a
comprehensive learning opportunity that goes above and beyond a normal
internship on Capitol Hill.
Part of an intern’s responsibilities in our office are fairly typical, including
answering phones and helping with our mail program. However, they are also
offered the opportunity to research and draft constituent correspondences on a
wide variety of issues, provide Capitol tours to constituents, attend briefings both
for staffers and for their own learning purposes, and assist with research for
legislative staff members.
Every intern plays a critical role in the day-to-day operation of the office, and
staff members do everything they can to ensure they receive a beneficial and
rewarding experience here in our office.
Ideally looking for an intern who can start immediately or in early September and
can intern at least 3 full days a week. Full-time preferred.
If you have any questions regarding our internship program, please do not
hesitate to contact James Johnson by email at: james.johnson@mail.house.gov or
by phone at (202) 225-5076.

MEM-270-15

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting
and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned.
The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and two writing samples.
Please submit all inquiries with the subject “Press Internship” to:
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
Page 9 of 26

MEM-269-15

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
fall. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest
in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask, attention to detail, and a sense of humor.
Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional
briefings and hearings, responding to constituent correspondence, drafting policy
memos, and general office duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous
internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity employer.
No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-268-15

Arizona Republican is seeking fall semester interns for his Washington D.C.
office. Duties of interns include answering telephones, greeting visitors,
conducting tours, sorting mail, and assisting staff members with projects as
needed. Applicants should be organized, should have strong time management
and writing skills, and should be able to complete tasks with minimal
supervision. Arizona ties and previous Hill experience a plus but not required.
Please send a cover letter, one-page resume, and a two- to three-page writing
sample to GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com with “Internship Application” in the
subject line. No phone calls please.

MEM-267-15

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for Spring of 2016.
Ideal candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and
professional. Intern will work directly with the communications director and
members of the media.
Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and
developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide
professional and educational value to participants.
Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as
work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to
work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the
legislative process. Candidates with photography and graphic design experience
strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
No phone calls, please.

Page 10 of 26

MEM-266-15

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking full-time
interns for her Washington D.C. office for Spring of 2016.
Ideal candidate would be professional, dependable and possess a strong writing
skills and work ethic. Responsibilities include phone assistance, constituent
correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Positions are unpaid
and serve to provide professional and educational value to participants.
Office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as
work with LA’s on issues of their interest. Candidates must be willing to work in
a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative
process.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
No phone calls, please.

MEM-260-15

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a full- or parttime national security intern for Fall 2015. This is an unpaid position in the
Congresswoman’s Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates should be well-organized, have good oral and written communication
skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about the legislative process,
homeland security, defense, and intelligence issues. The intern will assist in the
day-to-day operations of a D.C. Congressional office by supporting staff
members with constituent communication, and will also assist with legislative
research and administrative activities.
National security policy experience and Hawaii ties are appreciated but not
required. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter detailing
availability to Christine.Wagner@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2015 Internship
Application” in the email subject line. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-259-15

The district offices of Congressman Rod Blum (R IA-01) are seeking candidates
for an unpaid internship to assist with day-to-day operations in Cedar Rapids,
Dubuque, or Cedar Falls, Iowa. Responsibilities include administrative office
duties, researching legislation, planning and attending district events, recording
constituent input, and attending meetings throughout the district.
Part-time or full-time positions are available.
The ideal candidate will be professional, responsible, have strong writing skills,
and above all, be dedicated to upholding the principles of the Constitution.
Interested applicants should send their resume and cover letter, including desired
office placement, to: Alexah.Rogge@mail.house.gov.

MEM-258-15

The Office of Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster (NH-02) is seeking qualified
Page 11 of 26

candidates to intern full time and part time in our Washington, D.C. office.
Interns will have a chance to experience first-hand the operations of a U.S.
Congressional office, learn about the legislative process, and gain Capitol Hill
experience.
Responsibilities include administrative tasks such as answering phones,
welcoming guests, and leading constituent tours.
In addition, interns will be required to conduct legislative research, draft
constituent correspondence and vote recommendations, attend briefings and
hearings and other projects as needed.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to the Northeast—especially New
Hampshire—are preferred, but not required.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter,
resume, writing sample, and references to NH02.Internship@mail.house.gov.
Please include “Last Name, First Name - Internship Application” in the subject
line and include your available start and end dates and weekly schedule in the
email.
MEM-257-15

The Office of Congressman Curt Clawson (R-FL) is seeking full-time and parttime interns for the 2015 fall semester (August – December) in its Washington,
D.C. location.
The ideal candidate will have excellent research and writing skills, be able to
multi-task, and interact well with constituents. Interns will have the opportunity
to gain experience working on Capitol Hill, learn about the legislative process,
and attend briefings of interest. Responsibilities include answering the phone,
guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence, and
supporting the legislative and communications staff on various projects.
Internships are unpaid, but the office will fill out any necessary forms for students
to receive academic credit.
Hours are 8:30 – 5:30 on available days, ideally Monday/Wednesday or
Tuesday/Thursday with alternate Fridays.
Please contact Emily.Manning@mail.house.gov with a resume and one-page
writing sample to apply.

MEM-256-15

Senior New Jersey Republican Congressman is seeking interns for his
Washington, DC office.
Applications being accepted for Fall semester, and throughout the year.
Page 12 of 26

Intern duties will include, but are not limited to: answering constituent letters on
various issues, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings and answering phones.
Interns will also conduct Capitol tours for visitors.
Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
Congressional office.
Candidates must be highly motivated; detail oriented, and possess strong
communication and organizational skills, while having a strong work ethic to
complete tasks on a deadline.
The internship is unpaid.
Interns can receive college credit based on policy of the educational institution.
Flexible work schedules are available, but full days preferred.

MEM-252-15

Please send resumes and cover letters to Stephen Bradford at
NJ05Internship@mail.house.gov.
The Office of Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14) is seeking full and part-time interns for
fall 2015 in our Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong
written and verbal communication skills and a strong work ethic.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting the staff with
general office duties, answering phones, responding to constituent mail,
researching legislative issues, leading Capitol Hill tours, and attending briefings
and hearings.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
Ryan.Diffley@mail.house.gov, please use the subject “Fall 2015 Intern”.

MEM-250-15

Congressman Mike Honda represents California’s 17th Congressional District,
which includes much of Silicon Valley. He serves on the prestigious
Appropriations Committee’s subcommittees on Commerce, Justice, and Science
and on Energy and Water. He is a champion of progressive ideals has a strong
focus on education, civil rights, and science and technology policy.
Democratic Congressman Mike Honda is seeking interns for the fall.
Interns will:
- Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting incoming mail,
greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
- Assist in the preparation of letters to constituents.
- Perform legislative research.
- Respond to requests from constituents.
- Attend briefings, hearings, and special events.
- Sit in on meetings with stakeholders.
- Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the legislative process.

Page 13 of 26

Candidates with full-time availability are highly preferred.
Additionally, ties to the Bay Area and additional languages are preferred.
POC for resumes submission: Bayareademocrat@gmail.com.
MEM-247-15

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) seeks undergraduate or graduate
students for full-time or part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, DC
office. As a fast-paced office for an active member of the Democratic leadership,
we expect a lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship
program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail,
attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research
assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess excellent
writing and communications skills, strong attention to detail, and an interest in
the legislative process. Colorado ties preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to CO01.scheduler@mail.house.gov.

MEM-243-15

West Virginia Republican Congressman is accepting applications for interns for
his Washington, D.C. office. Duties will include answering telephones, greeting
visitors, conducting tours, processing flag requests and assisting D.C. staff with
various projects. Applicants should have excellent organizational skills, time
management skills, and writing skills. West Virginia ties are preferred.
Please send a cover letter and resume to WV03Job@gmail.com with “Intern”
listed in the subject header. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-242-15

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks fall interns for her Washington, D.C.
office. Interns will work in a fast-paced and fun congressional office, gaining
valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress. Intern
responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent phone
calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting
with constituent correspondence. Additionally, interns will have the opportunity
to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and briefings for the
legislative staff.
The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Prospective interns should be able to commit at least 16 hours per week.
Washington state ties are a plus, but are not required.
Interested applicants should send a current resume and cover letter to
Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.

MEM-241-15

The Office of Congresswoman Marcia L. Fudge is looking for a motivated
unpaid press intern in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern responsibilities
include assisting the staff with general office duties, attending briefings and
Page 14 of 26

hearings, assisting communications team with research and writing support,
compiling news clips, drafting press releases, developing copy for the web,
answering phones, sorting mail, and giving Capitol tours.
Applicants must possess strong writing and communication skills, have a positive
attitude and be well-organized.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resumé, and writing sample to
OH11pressjobs@mail.house.gov. Ohio ties preferred, but not required.
MEM-240-15

The House Committee on Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific
seeks interns for the fall and winter 2015 terms.
The subcommittee intern is expected to be motivated and entrepreneurial, have
strong written and oral communication skills, be detail-oriented, technically
savvy, and perform a variety of tasks. The intern will assist with daily
subcommittee operations such as research, database maintenance, fact checking,
content editing, and proofreading. The intern will also assist with preparation and
execution of subcommittee hearings such as conducting research and analysis,
scheduling, and organizing documents for staff and members.
Proactive interns will be able to take advantage of this opportunity by
participation in hearings, briefings, and meetings, as well as other opportunities to
enhance their knowledge of Asia policy and professional life on Capitol Hill.
Interns are expected to demonstrate a high level of professionalism and
reliability. All internships are unpaid.
Information about the subcommittee’s membership and recent activities can be
found at http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/subcommittees/asia-and-pacific.
Interested candidates should send a resume and a cover letter explaining interest
in the subcommittee’s work and qualifications for the position to
hfac.asia.internship@gmail.com. Applications will be accepted as late as
September 30, but will be considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-239-15

The Majority Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a
full-time or part-time Communications Intern for the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include compiling press clips, drafting talking points and
press releases, updating the website and working closely with the legislative staff.
The ideal candidate will possess strong written communications skills, the ability
to work in a fast-paced environment, professionalism and a good sense of humor.
Interested applicants should send your resume, short writing sample and
completed application, including essay, found on our website,
http://veterans.house.gov/internship-opportunities to Jessica Eggimann at
(varinternship@mail.house.gov) with "Press Intern" in the subject line.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Page 15 of 26

MEM-238-15

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Fall 2015. Duties will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic
administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication
skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are preferred.
Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to
CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “Fall Congressional Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-236-15

MEM-233-15

Interns based in Washington, D.C. will focus on learning about the legislative
process and the federal government by working closely with the legislative,
communications and constituent services staff members.
Interested candidates should email their cover letter, resume, a short writing
sample and a letter of recommendation to LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov.
Congressman Coffman (R-CO) seeks hard-working, enthusiastic legislative
interns for the Fall 2015 semester in his Washington, DC office. Interns are
responsible for: giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering constituent calls,
sorting constituent correspondence, assisting legislative staff with research and
writing, processing U.S. flag requests, attending Congressional briefings and
hearings, and attending events with the Congressman as necessary.
Applicants should have strong written and oral communication skills, exceptional
interpersonal skills, and have demonstrable interest in public policy and
government. Attractive applicants will have completed at least 60 credit hours of
undergraduate coursework. Those with Colorado ties and professional
proficiency in Spanish are encouraged to apply.
Although the internship is unpaid, this is a great way to learn about the legislative
process and begin a career on the Hill.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to
ColoradoRepublican06@gmail.com.

MEM-232-15

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
Fall. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor, interest
in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities include, but
are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to constituent
correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office
duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to
NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.
Page 16 of 26

Equal opportunity employer. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-231-15

Nevada Republican Congressman is seeking an intern for his Washington, DC
office. Applications being accepted for Fall term, and throughout the year.
Intern duties will include, but are not limited to answering constituent letters on
various issues, researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings and answering phones. Interns will also learn
about the buildings 'on the hill' and conduct tours for visitors.
Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
Congressional office. Candidates must be highly motivated; detail oriented, and
possess strong communication and organizational skills, while having a strong
work ethic to complete tasks on a deadline.
The intern experience can support a college education as well as receive credit
through the intern’s college. Flexible work schedules are available and can be
discussed. Minimum is 3 full days a week.
Training for all aspects of the intern position will be provided.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to: Deborah.hansen@mail.house.gov.

MEM-230-15

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Luis V. Gutiérrez is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill internship positions in the
fall of 2015. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering
phones, conducting Capitol Tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings,
conducting legislative research and performing other administrative tasks.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast paced
environment, an eagerness to learn about the legislative process, as well as a
minimum four day per week availability. Internships are unpaid.
Spanish-fluency and Illinois ties are a plus.
Please send a résumé, cover letter, and dates of availability to
Julissa.Santoy@mail.house.gov with “Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-229-15

Congressman Vern Buchanan (R-FL-16) has full-time and part-time, unpaid
internships available for the fall session (August - December) in his Washington,
DC office. Duties include but are not limited to answering telephones, greeting
visitors, conducting tours of the Capitol, researching legislative issues and writing
letters. There will also be opportunities to experience Washington DC and attend
briefings, classes and hearings.
Qualified candidates should possess excellent organizational and communication
skills, should have a positive attitude, and a strong work ethic. Although
Page 17 of 26

internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for
students to receive credit at their respective college or university.
All interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
jillian.gates@mail.house.gov with “2015 Fall Internship” in the subject line.
Include in your cover letter why you would like to intern for Congressman
Buchanan’s Washington Office, why you believe you are qualified, and your
availability. Potential candidates will be contacted via email.
MEM-228-15

Democratic Leadership Office seeks highly motivated, part-time or full time
interns for Fall 2015. Intern responsibilities include administrative duties and a
few legislative duties as necessary. Administrative support includes sorting mail,
preparing briefing binders, setting up events, and other special projects as
assigned by staff.
The position requires the ability to multitask, strong organizational skills, and a
desire to work in a fast-paced environment.
The internship is unpaid, but interns will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience in
a Democratic Leadership office.
Please send a resume and cover letter to deminternship@gmail.com.
Please no drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.

MEM-226-15

Congresswoman Chellie Pingree (ME-01) is currently seeking full- or part-time
interns for the 2015 fall semester in her Washington, DC office. Interns will
assist in the day-to-day operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting
members of staff with constituent communication, legislative research, and
administrative activities. They will also serve as a tour coordinator and
occasionally act as a guide of the United States Capitol to Maine constituents
visiting Washington.
Qualified candidates will possess an interest in the legislative process, excellent
writing and communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a willingness to
learn and take on new tasks.
The internship is unpaid, though interns will be an essential component to the
effectiveness of the office and will be considered an integral member of the team.
Maine ties are preferred, but not necessary.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample
to evan.johnston@mail.house.gov with the subject line Fall Internship.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. Please no drop bys or phone
calls.

MEM-225-15

Internships are currently available in Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren’s (CA-19)
Washington, D.C. office for the 2015 Fall Semester. Congresswoman Lofgren
represents California’s 19th Congressional District, which lies in the heart of
Page 18 of 26

California’s “Silicon Valley”.
Interns have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a busy
Congressional office and gain invaluable work experience.
This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the legislative process.
Interns’ responsibilities will vary—in addition to answering phones and running
errands around the Capitol, interns will have the opportunity to attend hearings
and briefings, research legislation for legislative staff, and answer constituent
letters on various issues before the House.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent writing and analytical skills, a
demonstrated work ethic, and ability to function in a fast-paced environment. A
successful candidate will be motivated, able to multitask, and have the ability to
work well under pressure. Full-time internship positions are available beginning
August 24, 2015. Internships are unpaid.
California-19 and/or California ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should apply through http://lofgren.house.gov.
MEM-224-15

The Office of Congressman John Ratcliffe (TX-04) is currently seeking interns
for the Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2015 semester. Intern responsibilities
include but are not limited to, assisting staff with general office duties, attending
hearings/briefings for staff members, answering phones, sorting through mail,
drafting response letters, and giving tours of the U.S. Capitol.
Candidates should be highly motivated and have good communication skills.
This position is unpaid, but does offer a great educational experience for anyone
with aspirations of working on the Hill. Having Texas ties is a plus.
All interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
Robert.peters@mail.house.gov.

MEM-223-15

Moderate Southern Democrat seeks applicants for part-time and full-time unpaid
congressional internships in Washington, DC.
Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos and
responses to letters from constituents, assisting constituents and visitors to the
office, assisting with day-to-day operations at the office, answering phones,
leading tours of The US Capitol, running errands and performing basic
administrative tasks.
Candidates should possess superior written and verbal communication skills and
an interest in learning the intricacies of the legislative process.
Part-time interns will be expected to commit to at least two full day shifts
(9:00am to 6:00pm) per week, Monday through Friday.
Ties to Florida are preferred, though not required.
Page 19 of 26

Interested parties should submit a resume as well as two professional references
to FloridaDemResumeRepository@gmail.com.
MEM-222-15

Florida Republican seeks an intern for the Fall 2015 semester. Interns will work
in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge
of the legislative process and the United States Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone
calls, opening and sorting mail, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, as well as
attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings and receptions.
Our office is looking for an intern with a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing
to work both independently as well as part of a team.
Applicants should have a willingness to assist with daily office tasks.
Florida ties preferred, but not required. Interns must be able to commit three full
days a week (9:00am-6:00pm during Session and 9:00am-5:00pm during
Congressional Recess) at minimum. Students welcome to apply.
Those interested please send resume and cover letter to
FL26Internships@gmail.com.

MEM-220-15

The Office of Representative Amash is seeking bright, liberty-minded students to
intern this fall. Regular hours for interns are 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. on voting days and
9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on nonvoting days. Our office may accommodate interns who
are available only part time.
Successful applicants will have a positive attitude and friendly demeanor, possess
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and demonstrate a strong
commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, and the defense of the
Constitution.
Responsibilities may include leading U.S. Capitol tours, answering phones,
entering data, attending legislative briefings and other meetings, and assisting
staff with legislative research and correspondence. Interns will have the
opportunity to interact with me on a daily basis and will learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
To request more information, or to apply for an internship, please contact my
office at mi03.internship@mail.house.gov. Required application materials
include a résumé, cover letter, and two short writing samples.
Please include "Rep. Amash Internship" in the subject line for all applications.
Page 20 of 26

MEM-219-15

The Democratic office of the Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students as well as
recent graduates with an interest in government and public policy to apply for its
Fall 2015 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), elections oversight, member
services, and other projects as well as providing general front office support.
Please note that this is not a paid internship.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available hours to
CHADem.Intern@mail.house.gov with the subject headline, “CHA Dem
Internship.”

MEM-216-15

Florida Republican is seeking interns for early September through December
2015. Qualified candidates will be hardworking, motivated self-starters, detailoriented, and professional with strong communication and writing skills. Daily
duties as an intern will include, but are not limited to, providing general
constituents services in the form of answering phone calls and sorting mail,
leading Capitol tours, conducting research for staff members, drafting constituent
correspondence, and attending hearings.
Florida ties are a plus but not a requirement. This internship is unpaid, however,
individuals will gain invaluable work experience.
Please send a resume and cover letter to
FloridaConservativeRepublican@gmail.com with subject line “Intern” for
consideration.

MEM-215-15

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Roybal-Allard is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill internship positions through
December 18th.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting Capitol Tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting
legislative research and performing other administrative tasks.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, an eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs, as well as full-week availability.
Spanish-fluency and California ties are a plus.
Please send a résumé, cover letter, a short writing sample (no longer than one
page), and dates of availability to jhostyn.duval@mail.house.gov with “Intern” in
the subject line.
Page 21 of 26

MEM-214-15

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
seeking interns for the fall starting in September. Interns are asked to work with
staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups. Interns will work on
substantive research projects and press matters. Additionally, interns are critical
to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones,
greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/contact-us.
Please fill out the application provided and send in a resume and two references.

MEM-212-15

A Democratic California Congressman is seeking interns to join his Washington,
D.C. team for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship starting as soon as possible,
for a duration of three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: assisting with scheduling, answering phone calls,
attending briefings and writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the
U.S. Capitol. A hard-working intern in our office will eventually move on to
assisting staff with more complex legislative and press-related projects.
Candidates with California ties, especially to the San Fernando Valley, and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail resume and cover letter in PDF format to
Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-211-15

Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks full time hard working intern for fall
2015. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls,
assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various
briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication
skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest
in learning more about the legislative process.
Send a resume and a cover letter to Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov.
Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.

MEM-209-15

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with
immediate availability, and a preference for those who can stay two-three months.
Page 22 of 26

New Mexico ties are a plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor.
Candidates with New Mexico ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample to
michelle.serrato@mail.house.gov.
MEM-208-15

Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his Leadership
office. Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) transcribing videos,
collecting press clips, live-streaming briefings, supporting the Operations team in
preparing Caucus events, answering phones, providing constituency outreach
support to Democratic Members of Congress and their staff, conducting research,
extracting and formatting large quantities of data, writing detailed memos,
attending relevant briefings and meetings, and assisting with team projects.
Applicants should be motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and
written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multi-task.
Experience or interest in social media is a plus. Women and minorities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic credit or
congressional internship/fellowship program participants.
The intern should be prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to
caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-206-15

The Office of Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks interns for Fall 2015
(September-December). Internship responsibilities will include: assisting with
research, processing mail, data entry, reception duties, office errands, and other
duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor. Ideal candidate will have strong oral
and written communication abilities, a willingness to learn, basic knowledge of
the political process, and a firm opinion on the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia.
Pennsylvania ties preferred. Both full and part time will be considered.
Please send a resume, cover letter (including availability), and writing sample to
Colleen Carlos at colleen.carlos@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or dropins.

MEM-205-15

Florida Democrat seeks a full-time, unpaid press intern for the Washington, D.C.
Page 23 of 26

office. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, motivated, and able to multitask efficiently. Applicants should possess strong written and oral
communication skills. Preference will be given to candidates with Florida ties
and those who speak Spanish.
Daily responsibilities may include:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Updating website content;
Compiling daily press clips;
Video filming and editing;
Conducting research projects;
Drafting press materials (including e-newsletters, background
information, and press releases);
Assisting with press events; and
Transcribing interviews.

This is an excellent opportunity for a candidate to gain substantive press
experience with an extremely active Member of Congress.
Please prepare a cover letter addressing prior press experience and interest, a
résumé and a one-page writing sample.
Email the .PDF formatted materials to DCInternships.Grayson@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate “Press Intern” in the subject line.
MEM-204-15

Senior Democratic Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-30) seeks highly motivated,
full and part-time interns for Fall 2015. Interns are responsible for both
administrative and legislative duties. Legislative support includes preparing
materials for hearings, attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies
and congressional offices, and researching legislation for the Member and
Legislative Staff. Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting
visitors, leading tours and sorting mail. Candidates should be professional,
possess strong oral and written communication skills, have the ability to
multitask, and have a good sense of humor. Ties to California’s 30th
Congressional District are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter and resume to
brads.interns@mail.house.gov with “CA-30 Internship” as the subject.

MEM-202-15

Florida Democrat seeks intern for the Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2015
semester. Candidates should be motivated, enthusiastic, and possess strong
interpersonal skills. The internship will provide exposure to all areas of a
legislative office. Interns will be responsible for assisting the team with phones,
mail, tours, flag-requests, and related front office duties.
Additional tasks, including drafting constituent correspondence, research
projects, and attending hearings may be assigned on a case-by-case basis.
Page 24 of 26

This is a great opportunity for individuals who are interested in learning about the
workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative process in a busy office.
Both full and part-time internships are available.
Please email cover letter, résumé and two writing samples to
DCInternships.Grayson@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate “FALL 2015 Semester” in the subject line.
MEM-201-15

California Congressman Jared Huffman is seeking current college students or
recent college graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for a full-time or
part-time fall semester internship. We are seeking motivated, organized, and
reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-today duties. Such duties include attending briefings and hearings, answering
phones, drafting constituent correspondence letters, doing legislative research,
and various other tasks. The internship is unpaid, though interns will gain
valuable Hill and office experience and will have access to many unique Hill
opportunities. California ties are preferred, but not necessary.
Please send a resume and cover letter to DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov.
Please no drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.

MEM-200-15

Congressman Matt Cartwright (D-PA) is seeking unpaid interns for his
Washington, DC office for the Fall 2015 term (August/September December). Intern duties include answering the phone, writing letters, attending
legislative briefings, and assisting staff members with special projects.
Attention to detail and strong writing and grammar skills are required.
Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are especially encouraged to apply, although
all applications will be considered equally regardless of state or district.
Prospective candidates should apply online and submit a resume and cover letter
to http://cartwright.house.gov/services/internships.
No phone calls or drop ins, please.

MEM-198-15

Colorado Republican is seeking interns for late August through December of
2015. Interns are paid if they do not receive college credit for their internship.
Qualified candidates should be detail-oriented, hardworking, and professional
with strong communication and writing skills. Intern responsibilities include
providing constituent tours, drafting correspondence, attending various briefings,
providing research for legislative staff, and assisting the front office staff.
Please send a resume and cover letter to CODCIntern@gmail.com.

MEM-164-15

Conservative Republican seeks highly motivated fall interns for DC office.
Successful candidates will be organized, hard-working, and detailoriented. Intern will be responsible for assisting staff with legislative and
administrative duties such as greeting visitors, drafting constituent
Page 25 of 26

correspondence, answering phones, and leading Capitol tours. Interns will also
have opportunities to attend staff briefings and committee hearings to gain
firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. The position is unpaid, and the
intern is responsible for finding housing in the DC area. Florida ties preferred.
If interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and available dates to
fl11internship@gmail.com. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

Page 26 of 26

