________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 17, 2023

MEM-375-23

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergrad students and recent graduates for legislative interns for the
Fall 2023 session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well
as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fastpaced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a
sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time
candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly
encouraged to apply. Interns will receive a stipend, and applicants may request
the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
Page 1 of 21

Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your
cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and
whether you are available to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Fall 2023
Legislative Intern Application” in the subject line.
The deadline for applications is July 31, 2023. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-373-23

The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated
candidates for a paid Fall 2023 internship position in our D.C. office.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills,
can multi-task, and is committed to being a team player. Responsibilities will
include answering phones, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the needs of
the Congresswoman’s staff.
The internship will run through the Fall semester, from 9am-6pm when Congress
is in session and from 9am-5pm when Congress is not in session. Ties to
Nevada’s First District are strongly preferred.
The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status. Women, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of
other historically marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and short (1-2 page)
writing sample in a single document to Ciara.Donovan@mail.house.gov with
“[LAST NAME, FIRST NAME] Fall 2023 Internship Application” in the subject
line. No calls or drop-ins, please.
Applications will be accepted until Friday, August 11th with applications
considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-372-23

The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly
motivated, proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications
team.
Applicants must be available to begin in early September. Qualified candidates
will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay attention to detail, be
responsive and punctual, and have solid writing and editing skills. Preferred
applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and are willing to perform and
follow through on a wide variety of tasks. A monthly stipend is available.
• Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
• Position can be virtual, in person, or hybrid
Page 2 of 21

Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and
Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Photoshop or Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Drafting short newsletters
*Editing written materials, such as newsletters or press releases
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should please send resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples,
and a graphic sample (if applicable)
to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com
MEM-371-23

The office of Congressman Emanuel Cleaver, II (D-MO) is accepting
applications for a paid in-person fall internship. Current college students and
recent college graduates are welcome to apply.
Responsibilities include sorting constituent mail, answering phones, attending
hearings and briefings, leading tours, drafting constituent response letters, and
assisting the legislative staff. Ideal candidates will have strong written and
interpersonal skills, a positive work ethic, and the ability to manage multiple
tasks simultaneously. Kansas City and Missouri ties are a plus.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and a one-page writing sample in
a single pdf to MO5internships@mail.house.gov with “Cleaver Internship
Summer 2023” as the subject. Candidates must include their intended start and
end date in their cover letter. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis until
Friday, August 4th. Please, no phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins.
The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-370-23

The Office of Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) is seeking Fall interns for in-person
positions.
Responsibilities will include communicating with constituents, generating
engaging content for the Member’s official social pages (including Facebook,
Twitter, and Instagram), designing graphics, conducting legislative research,
preparing policy memos for both the Member and legislative staff, drafting
constituent letters, and potentially guiding U.S. Capitol tours. Additional
responsibilities – such as creating short video clips or pitching legislative

Page 3 of 21

initiatives – are considered based on collaborative goal-setting conversations
between interns and their supervisors at the beginning of the internship.
This is a unique opportunity to gain both legislative and communications
experience in a supportive, collaborative, and enriching environment. Ideal
applicants will be skilled communicators who are kind, curious, and enthusiastic.
In addition, experience with conducting research, as well as a background in
iMovie, the Adobe creative suite, and TweetDeck, will also be evaluated.
All interns are paid $17.00 per hour for a maximum of 40 hours a week, however
hours are flexible based on the needs of the applicant and the office. The Office
of Rep. Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate
based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age,
or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a short writing sample (no more
than 2-pages), 2 sample tweets on a current event, a sample graphic (optional)
and availability to ca17operations@mail.house.gov no later than Friday, July
21st.
MEM-368-23

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for the fall of 2023. This is an in-person opportunity, with some hybrid
work-from-home hours possible. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.

Page 4 of 21

To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.
MEM-366-23

PRESS AND DIGITAL INTERN
The House Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time digital
media and traditional press intern position this fall.
The intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content creation,
graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and administrative tasks
as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling
and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn are a must.
This position reports to the Communications Director. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-364-23

Office of Congresswoman Lori Trahan (MA-03)
Washington, D.C. Office
In D.C., our internship program runs throughout the fall, spring, and summer
terms. Hours can be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules but
generally run 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM with options for full-time and part-time
employment.
General Internship
In D.C., intern responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislation,
attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on various
issues before the House. Interns will also assist in various administrative tasks as
needed. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.

Page 5 of 21

Press Internship
In D.C., press interns assist the driven press team by developing social media
content, drafting press releases, sorting press clips, creating digital content, and
assisting the team with a variety of projects as needed. Interns will work closely
with communications staffers and learn about the press operations in the office.
Candidates should have a foundation of technical knowledge on social media
platforms. Communications, journalism, or public relations studies are a plus.
Submission of a sample graphic is recommended but not required.
District Office
In the district, located in Lowell, our internship program runs throughout the fall,
spring, and summer sessions. Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate
students' course schedules but generally run 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM with the
options for full-time and part-time employment.
Intern responsibilities include answering phones, responding to constituent letters
on various issues, assisting with resolving constituent casework, researching daily
press clips, and drafting memos as needed. Interns will gain comprehensive
knowledge of Massachusetts’ 3rd District, as well as the services the district
office provides.
To Apply
Candidates for the fall internship program should be extremely motivated,
flexible, and detail-oriented, with the availability to begin in late August. District
ties are preferred but not required. Candidates who demonstrate strong oral and
written communication skills, the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced workflow,
and an interest in public service are encouraged to apply.
You may only apply to one office each session. Previous applicants are
encouraged to re-apply, as past applications are not kept on file. The application
deadline for the Fall term is August 15th, 2023. Applications are considered on a
rolling basis.
To apply, please complete the following form
via https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/. Additionally, please email your
cover letter and resume as PDF documents to: LT.Internship@mail.house.gov. In
the subject line, please include which internship you are applying for, such as
“Fall District Office Internship Application.”
Our office is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to
be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, gender identity, religion, sexual orientation, age,
disability, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status under
applicable laws. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds to apply.

Page 6 of 21

MEM-362-23

Congressman Dan Newhouse (R-WA-04) is currently seeking paid congressional
interns for the Fall 2023 term.
The internships are in-person and will run from September to the end of
November. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to undergraduate and recent
college graduates.
Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, opening and sorting mail,
greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative, legislative, and
communications tasks, and producing a daily memo.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, ability to conduct research, strong writing skills, and be able to work in a
fast-paced work environment. District ties will be considered however are not
required.
Interested applicants should send their resumes, cover letters, and any writing
samples with the subject line “Fall 2023 Internship”
to Paige.Ash@mail.house.gov.

MEM-361-23

The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a driven,
detail-oriented, hardworking, and engaged individual to work with her team.
This internship will be primarily in-person in the Washington, DC office with
potential for some occasional remote work. The timing of the internship is
flexible based on the candidate’s schedule but would ideally start in late August
or early September and could last up to 16 weeks. The intern would work with
the Congresswoman’s dynamic team to improve the lives of Seventh District
constituents and communities.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Constituent services: assist the front office staff with answering constituent
questions over the phone and through the mail, draft correspondence, and assist
with other office administration tasks;
• Legislative research: work with the legislative team to conduct research on issue
areas, write memos, and learn about the legislative process;
• District research: research and compile information for district events and
outreach;
• Communications: collaborate with the Communications team on tasks as needed
such as writing letters and tracking social media accounts; and
• Other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES:
• Responsible, reliable, punctual
• Has knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs
• Able to problem solve, think quickly, adapt, and handle sensitive information
Page 7 of 21

HOURS & COMPENSATION: Candidates will work approximately 30 hours a
week. The schedule is flexible and based on candidate’s schedule. This is a PAID
internship; the office will pay an hourly rate for applicants not supported by
outside fellowships.
TO APPLY: Please submit a resume and a 1-page cover letter that answers the
following questions in a single PDF:
• What, do you feel, is the biggest problem facing VA-07?
• How do you want to impact the community?
Please include the dates you are available, and any other scheduling constraints
(e.g. mornings or afternoons only) in your application.
Email this information to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Fall 2023 Internship – First Name, Last Name.”
DEADLINE: Applications received by July 31, 2023 will be considered.
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger is an equal opportunity employer.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against because of race,
religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical disability, sexual
orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender expression) identity, color,
marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or any other classification
protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.
MEM-357-23

Congressman Jerry Nadler (NY-12) is seeking paid undergraduate student
interns for the Fall 2023 semester in his Washington, DC office.
Applicants should be interested in learning the daily, detailed operations of a
congressional office: responding to constituent problems and concerns, writing
letters, drafting policy memos, legislative research, and performing general office
tasks. Excellent communication skills are important.
Interns must be able to commit to at least 25 hours per week and should have
completed their first year of college. This internship will run from September
2023 – December 2023.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample
to NY12.Internship@mail.house.gov by July 28th, 2023. In your cover letter,
please note your availability on each day of the week, your legislative interests,
and why you would like to work for Congressman Nadler.
Congressman Nadler’s office strives to ensure that our internship class reflects
the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds
are strongly encouraged to apply. Congressman Nadler’s office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
Page 8 of 21

MEM-356-23

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the fall internship session.
The start date would be as early as Aug 3 (flexible depending on availability)
with a flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and have
access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to paxton.antonucci@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in your cover letter that
you’re applying for a fall internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume],
[Full Name_Cover Letter].

MEM-353-23

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks
full or part-time paid interns for Fall 2023. This position will include a
combination of telework and in-office work as safety and logistics permit.
Duties/Responsibilities:
Interns will work on substantive projects under the direction of Committee Staff
while also serving a general administrative function. Interns will help staff
prepare for hearings and markups, take notes on relevant committee activities,
and work on research, oversight, and press-related projects. Interns will also
perform administrative tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and
filing official documents.
Qualification/Skills:
Candidate should be detail-oriented and possess strong oral and written
communication skills. The position requires an ability to multitask and adapt to a
fast-paced environment. A background and/or interest in subject areas within the
committee’s jurisdiction is strongly preferred.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter
to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov. Applicants will be accepted on a rolling basis.

Page 9 of 21

No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-351-23

The Office of Congresswoman Grace F. Napolitano (D-CA) is seeking candidates
for a paid Fall internship in our Washington D.C. office.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communication skills,
eager to learn, detail oriented, and passionate about public service.
Responsibilities include:
-Answering phones
-Writing letters to constituents on a variety of policy topics
-Assisting constituents with matters related to federal agencies
-Researching legislation for the Member and the staff
-Attending hearings and briefings
The ideal candidate will be available from September through December and can
work from 9am – 6pm ET when Congress is in session and from 9am – 5pm ET
when Congress is not in session. District ties and Southern California ties are
strongly preferred.
To apply for an internship please email Sam.Schiller@mail.house.gov by
midnight ET on July 21st, 2023, with a resume and cover letter in a single PDF
file. Please have your email subject line read “Fall Internship Application – (First
Name, Last Name).”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-350-23

Congressman Kevin Mullin’s (CA-15) D.C. office is seeking an in-person, parttime, paid press intern for Fall 2023.
The press intern will work closely with the Press Secretary and occasionally the
legislative team.
Applicants should be organized, creative, familiar with current events, and detailoriented. Responsibilities include answering telephones, compiling daily press
clips, creating content for social media, drafting press releases, newsletters, and
other written materials, maintaining press lists, clipping floor and hearing
remarks, and designing graphics.
The ideal candidate is team-oriented, has written and oral communication skills,
experience with graphic design, and relevant communications experience. A
strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.
Page 10 of 21

This position pays $15 per hour and will be based on an approximately 25-hour
work week. Interested applicants should send their resume and a cover letter
explaining their interest and any relevant experience
to Mullininternships@gmail.com with the subject line “Mullin Fall Press
Internship Application.”
California ties are preferred, but not required. The deadline to apply is July 28th,
2023. Due to the large volume of applicants, only those applicants who are
selected for interviews will be contacted.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
MEM-349-23

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting
applications for paid legislative internships for the fall semester.
The ideal candidate will have excellent communication and written skills, interest
in the legislative process, resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fastpaced environment. Ties to the Bay Area or California are preferred, but not
required.
Responsibilities include answering phones, research, drafting constituent
correspondence, attending policy briefings and hearings, recommending
legislation to the Congressman, and other tasks as assigned. The Fall term begins
late-August or early-September and ends mid- to late-December with flexible
start and end dates. Work will be in-person and is compensated at $15 per hour.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as
one PDF to MullinInternships@gmail.com. Email subject line should follow the
following format: LastName, FirstName – Fall Internship. Additionally, please
note your availability and any ties to the Bay Area or California in the body of
your email. The deadline to apply is July 25th, 2023. Due to the large volume of
applicants, only those applicants who are selected for interviews will be
contacted.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-348-23

The Office of Congressman Maxwell Alejandro Frost is hiring an intern in our
Washington, D.C. office for the fall 2023 semester.
Interns will gain invaluable educational experience from working in Congress.
The hours can be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but we
Page 11 of 21

generally require 35 hours a week and pay $18 an hour.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They may be asked to answer phones, run
errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings
and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.
District and Florida ties preferred. Women, people of color, and other members
of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should apply
via https://frost.house.gov/services/internships The deadline to apply for the fall
session is July 31, 2023.
MEM-347-23

Congressman Barry Moore (AL-02) is seeking part-time OR full-time interns for
the Fall 2023 semester in both his Washington, D.C. and District offices.
The internships are based in the Washington, D.C., Andalusia, Wetumpka, Troy,
and Dothan, Alabama offices. They are open to college students of all majors and
designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates
with an interest in public service. Hours are flexible to accommodate course
schedules, but generally run from 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, a passion for public service, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Intern responsibilities include answering the phones, drafting constituent letters,
listening to hearings and briefings, assisting the press & leg team, conducting
research, and administrative work as needed. Interns will gain an understanding
of the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and class schedule/availability
to Internships.AL02@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Intern
Application 2023 (Office Location).” Please specify in the email and subject line
which office you are applying for.

MEM-346-23

The office of Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) is seeking college juniors
and seniors, recent graduates, and grad students for in-person fall internships in
her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include:
•Answering phones,
•Conducting a semester-long capstone project,
•Writing constituent letters,
Page 12 of 21

•Assisting legislative staff with research, and
•Categorizing mail.
Successful candidates will work well under pressure, are organized, hardworking, detail-oriented, have customer service/retail experience, and can have
some fun! Ohio ties are preferred but not required, and candidates of color,
women, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interns will
be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested applicants should send a resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to OH11InternResumes@mail.house.gov with “Fall Intern [LASTNAME]” in the
subject line. The deadline to apply is July 21 close of business. No phone calls or
drop-ins, please.
MEM-344-23

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks interns for his Washington office in
Fall 2023.
Texas connections a plus. Upload resume, brief writing sample, and three
references at https://doggett.house.gov/services/internships. No calls or drop-ins
please.

MEM-341-23

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for the Fall 2023 semester.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample at the following link: cartwright.house.gov/services/internships
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-338-23

Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Fall 2023.

Page 13 of 21

The internship is in-person and will run from mid-August to mid-December.
Dates are flexible. This internship is open to undergraduate students and recent
college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Fall 2023 Internship” to Grace.Looney@mail.house.gov, or by applying
through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships
MEM-337-23

The Office of Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR-06) is seeking candidates
for a part-time (20 hours a week) or full-time (40 hours a week) fall internship in
our Washington D.C. office.
The preferred dates of this internship are August 28th through December 15th but
can be flexible.
Interns will get an in-depth look at the operations and functions of a
congressional office, including policy, communications, office operations and
constituent services. Interns will get opportunities to attend hearings and
briefings; assist with constituent services; and research legislation.
Qualifications:
•Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
•Ability to speak courteously with constituents
•Ability to work independently and as a part of a team
•Attention to detail and eagerness to go above and beyond
•Professionalism and demonstrated interest in public service
•OR-06 ties are preferred, but not required
Compensation information:
•Interns will be paid an equivalent of $3,200/month full-time or $1,600/month
part-time
•Academic credit may be available and should be arranged with your academic
institution
The Office is an equal employment opportunity employer and, consistent with the
Congressional Accountability Act (“CAA”) and House Rule XXIII, does not
discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, parental status, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable
federal law. This means that these factors will not be the basis for any hiring,
Page 14 of 21

discharge, promotion, pay, benefits, or
reassignment decision or action, or any other personnel or job action affecting the
terms, conditions, and privileges of employment. Consistent with the CAA, the
Office may, however, consider party affiliation, domicile, and political
compatibility in making employment decisions.
Application:
We are currently accepting applications for an internship based in Washington
D.C.. If interested in a district-based internship, please
check Salinas.house.gov for more information on all internships available.
To apply, please complete the online
form: https://salinas.house.gov/services/internships. Please note that you must
include your resume, cover letter, and a writing sample that is no longer than 2
pages. Rolling applications are open until July 23rdat 8:59 PM PST/ 11:59 PM
EST.
MEM-336-23

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) is seeking motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individuals for a legislative internship in
Washington, DC for Fall 2023.
This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to dive into the inner workings
of Capitol Hill and learn about the legislative process. This is a stipend-paid
position.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting constituent correspondence
on a variety of issues, assisting legislative staff with research, leading Capitol
tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office,
participating in Committee hearing and markup preparation, drafting
memorandums, and other duties as necessary.
This position is available beginning late-August 2023 through December 2023.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to the
Intern Coordinator, Kriti Korula, at kriti.korula@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Garcia Fall Internship Application”. Applications will be accepted until July
21, 2023, COB. Due to the large volume of applicants, only those applicants who
are selected for interviews will be contacted.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,

Page 15 of 21

religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-334-23

The Office of Congressman Brian Mast (R-FL-21) is currently accepting
applications for the part-time summer internship program in the Washington,
D.C. office. The internship will run from August to December.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting
staff with administrative duties, projects, legislative research and drafting
constituent correspondence.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a
general understanding of the legislative process, and possess strong written and
oral communication skills. Florida ties are not necessary.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and a cover letter
to mckayla.swan@mail.house.gov. Please use the subject line “Summer 2023
internship.”

MEM-333-23

A GOP Texas Member of Congress seeks a paid, full-time Press/Digital Fellow
for the fall semester.
Responsibilities include drafting digital content and graphics, assisting with the enewsletter, media monitoring, and assisting the Press Assistant and
Communications Director with various communications-related tasks.
The ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills and experience using Canva
and/or Adobe Creative Suite.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and both a writing and
digital sample to maddie.bruno@mail.house.gov

MEM-331-23

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (DC-00) is seeking to
hire a motivated, detail-oriented, current college undergrad student, graduate
student, or recent graduate wishing to gain constituent-oriented internship
experience in the DC District Office.
District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, conducting research,
assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the
District Director. As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions
of our impactful District office.
The term of this internship will be from September 5th, 2023---December 14th,
2023. The internship is paid full-time internship, interns must work at least 30
hours a week and will be provided a travel stipend. Typical hours for internships
Page 16 of 21

are Monday through Thursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm, although hours may be
flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, 1 writing sample on a
current issue, and at least one reference to norton.casework@mail.house.gov.
The deadline to apply is 9:00 am EST, Tuesday, August 11th. District ties are
encouraged but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
MEM-330-23

Rep. Mike Collins (GA-10) is currently seeking full-time or part-time interns to
work in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2023 term.
Intern responsibilities include communicating directly with constituents, in-depth
policy research, assisting the communications team, leading Capitol tours, and
performing administrative tasks. Interns will also be able to attend exclusive
lectures, sit in on committee hearings, and participate in press events. Ideal
candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, excellent communication
skills, and a willingness to learn.
Those interested should send their resume
to Jonathon.Hatz@mail.house.gov with "Fall 2023 Internship" in the subject line
or fill out our internship form here: https://collins.house.gov/services/internships.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis. If you have any questions, please do
not hesitate to reach out. This is a paid internship.

MEM-322-23

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Fall 2023.
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
*Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
*Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 20 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
Page 17 of 21

a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District.
The deadline to submit applications is July 28, 2023, at 11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ+
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ+
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-318-23

“Republican Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is seeking paid, in-person
interns for his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2023 term.
Functioning as a key part of the staff, our interns help draft constituent
correspondence, memos, and press releases, research legislation, take phone calls,
and assist with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or
recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fastpaced setting.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. California ties are preferred, but not required and academic credit is
available for qualifying students.
Interested applicants should email their resume, cover letter, and dates of
availability to savannah.coughlin@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2023 Internship” in
the subject line.”

MEM-317-23

The Democratic staff of the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is
seeking passionate and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time
internships.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly
in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative
operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Page 18 of 21

Executive Branch officials and stakeholders for the purpose of taking notes. Law
students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff.
Applicants should have an interest in public service and a desire to learn. They
also must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be selfmotivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Hours
can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the office full-time are preferred.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Fall 2023 Legal Internship” in the subject line. Please attach the resume
and cover letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.
MEM-316-23

The Office of Congressman Robert Garcia (CA-42) is currently hiring for a paid
part-time press intern position to work in the Washington, D.C. office. The
internship will run through late August 2023.
The Press Intern works closely with the communications team. Primary
educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily clips
• Drafting press releases and other written materials
• Maintaining press lists
• Creating graphics for social media
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have
interest in political communications.
All qualified applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are
encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
Interested applicants should send a one-page resume, and 2 relevant sample
tweets to sara.guerrero@mail.house.gov and marissa.davis@mail.house.gov with

Page 19 of 21

“Full Name –Summer Press Intern 2023” in the subject line. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-311-23

"The Washington D.C. Office of Congressman Anthony D’Esposito is looking
for highly motivated individuals for their fall internship program.
Candidates should be able to work efficiently in high stress, fast moving
environments and handle multiple projects at the same time. Duties include
answering phones and speaking with constituents, greeting guests in the front
office, assisting the legislative and communications teams, and leading
constituent tours. Interns will get a unique look behind the scenes of the federal
legislative process and will gain valuable public policy experience. Ties to the
district are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should submit their applications
to https://desposito.house.gov/services/internships for consideration."

MEM-308-23

“The Office of Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) seeks
exceptional students that are committed to public service to serve as interns in
our DC and DE offices this fall.
The fall internship is from August – December 2023 and is open to college
students and recent graduates. In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will
vary and include answering phones, researching legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent
letters on various issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.
In the district offices, interns may be asked to help with day-to-day office work
such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with media clips. In
addition, interns may be assigned to work on various constituent casework issues
and Delaware-based special projects.
To apply, please send one compiled PDF of your resume, a cover letter that
describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and the
contact information for two references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov,
indicating the office (DC, Wilmington, or Georgetown) and the term you are
applying for in the subject line (i.e. “DC Fall 2023 Internship – NAME”).
Please note in the cover letter or body of the email if the internship is for school
credit. No phone calls, emails, or drop-ins please. “

MEM-304-23

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Fall Legislative Internship

Page 20 of 21

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting constituent correspondence
•Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
•Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
•Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Emily.Kastenberg@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall
Legislative Internship, NAME” by July 24th, 2023. Please include availability in
the cover letter and compile all application materials into one PDF document.
MEM-597-22

House Democrat seeks a paid Legislative Fellow to assist senior legislative staff
with a wide variety of legislative topics and tasks. The Legislative Fellow will
gain experience in preparing for committee hearings and markups; developing
and advancing legislation; drafting speeches; and meeting with constituents and
other stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will possess superb written and oral communication skills;
have some policy experience; and will enjoy collaborating with others in a fastpaced environment.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to housedemjobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Fellow” in the subject line.

Page 21 of 21

