________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 15, 2022

MEM-551-22

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks
interns for the upcoming Spring 2023 term.
Responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings, drafting and editing
constituent correspondence letters and memos, researching legislation for the
legislative staff, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing
support for the day-to-day activities of the office. Interns have the opportunity to
work either in-person or remotely.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and 1-2 short writing
samples to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants
should indicate their expected start and end dates and availability for MondayFriday. The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM ET on Friday, December 9th, 2022.

MEM-549-22

Legislative Intern
The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) is seeking motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individuals for a legislative internship in
Washington, DC for Spring 2023. This internship will be an invaluable
Page 1 of 21

opportunity to dive into the inner workings of Capitol Hill and learn about the
legislative process.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly
encouraged to apply. This position may be in-person or hybrid, depending on the
public health guidelines surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic at the time of the
internship.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting constituent correspondence
on a variety of issues, assisting legislative staff with research, leading Capitol
tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office,
participating in Committee hearing and markup preparation, drafting
memorandums, and other duties as necessary.
This position is available beginning mid-January 2023 through May 2023.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to the
Intern Coordinator, Kriti Korula, at kriti.korula@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Garcia Spring Internship Application”. Deadline to apply is COB November
29, 2022. Due to the large volume of applicants, only those applicants who are
selected for interviews will be contacted.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-545-22

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Spring
2023 internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates,
and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman
DeLauro's office combine administrative and legislative work. Interns are
involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form
(https://delauro.house.gov/sites/evoPage 2 of 21

subsites/delauro.house.gov/files/2023%20Intern%20Application%20Form%20for
%20Website.pdf) along with a cover letter, resume, brief writing sample (1-2
pages), and two references to Daniel.Robillard@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Spring 2023 Internship” by November 18. Please send completed
application form as one PDF file and all other application materials in another,
single PDF file.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.
MEM-542-22

The Office of Congresswoman Mikie Sherrill (NJ-11) is currently accepting
Spring 2023 internship applications.
To apply for an internship with the DC Office, please click here.
To apply for an internship with the District Office, please click here.
In addition to completing the questionnaire, please email your resume and at least
one reference in PDF format to NJ11internships@mail.house.gov, with the
subject line:
Office of Application (DC or District), First Name Last Name.
The application deadline is Monday, December 5th at 5:00 PM EST. Late or
incomplete applications will not be considered. Spring internships will be on-site.
Interns will have the opportunity to learn about the inner workings of the
legislative branch of government through hands-on experience. Interns will assist
the office achieve its goals by performing a variety of tasks. Some tasks may
include: research on issues; drafting memos and other written documents;
assisting staff on special projects; assisting staff with congressional programs;
directing constituents to appropriate resources; and various administrative duties
(answering phones, updating databases, etc.).
Candidates for the internship program must be undergraduate or graduate college
students, have excellent written and verbal communication skills and a strong
interest in government and public service.

MEM-538-22

The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly
motivated, proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications
team. Applicants must be available to begin at beginning of January.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have solid writing and editing
skills. Preferred applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and are willing
to perform and follow through on a wide variety of tasks. A monthly stipend is
available.

Page 3 of 21

• Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
• Position can be virtual, in person, or hybrid
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and
Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Photoshop or Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Drafting short newsletters
*Editing written materials, such as newsletters or press releases
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should please send resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples,
and a graphic sample (if applicable)
to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com.
MEM-537-22

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for the Spring 2023 semester.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, (including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample) to https://cartwright.house.gov/services/internships.htm. No phone calls
or drop-ins please.

MEM-536-22

Spring 2023 Internship Position:
The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (DC-00) is seeking to
hire a motivated, detail-oriented, current college undergrad student, graduate
student, or recent graduate wishing to gain constituent-oriented internship
experience in the DC District Office.
District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, conducting research,
assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent correspondence,
Page 4 of 21

community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the
District Director. As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions
of our impactful District office.
The term of this internship will be from January 2023---May 2023. The
internship is paid full-time internship, interns must work at least 30 hours a week,
and will be provided a travel stipend. Typical hours for internships are Monday
through Thursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm, although hours may be flexible to
accommodate students' hectic course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at
least one reference to norton.casework@mail.house.gov.
The deadline to apply is 9:00 am EST, Monday, November 28th. District ties are
encouraged but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
MEM-534-22

Congressman Dan Newhouse (R-WA-04) is currently seeking paid congressional
interns for the Spring 2023 term. The internships are in-person and will run from
January to early May. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to undergraduate
and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, opening and sorting mail,
greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks, and
producing a daily memo. Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong
work ethic, attention to detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced work
environment. District ties will be considered however are not required.
Interested applicants should send their resumes, cover letters, and any writing
samples with the subject line “Spring 2023 Internship”
to Ben.Savercool@mail.house.gov

MEM-532-22

Congressman David Scott’s office is currently accepting applications for Spring
2023 Internships. Please apply via the following
link: https://davidscott.house.gov/forms/form/?ID=1375&Preview=true
The deadline to apply is Nov. 18th, 2022.
Internships in the Office of Congressman David Scott are open to undergraduate
or graduate students in good academic standing and recent graduates. All
applicants should have a demonstrated interest in public service and excellent
research and writing skills.
The Internship Program is designed especially to allow students to apply lessons
learned in class to a work environment, to make professional contacts and to

Page 5 of 21

obtain extensive knowledge of government agencies and, more specifically, to
learn how a Congressional office functions to serve constituents.
Interns in the Washington, D.C. office will have an opportunity to learn about the
legislative process and the federal government by working closely with the
legislative and communications staff, while interns in the District Office will
learn about the constituent services process by assisting communications and
constituent services staff. In today’s job market, the experience that an internship
provides is vital for career development.
All interns will be provided a stipend to assist with expenses or may arrange to
receive academic credit for their work.
The selection process is highly competitive. Candidates are selected based on
academic achievement, demonstrated leadership, interest in public policy, and
community service contributions.
Candidates interested in an internship in the Washington Office should contact
the Internship Coordinator in the Washington, DC office at 202-225-2939 for
more information. Likewise, candidates interested in an internship in the District
Offices should contact the office at 770-210-5073 for more information.
MEM-529-22

Republican Congressman Pat Fallon (TX-04) currently seeks full-time interns
for a paid internship in his Washington D.C. office for the Winter 2022 and
Spring 2023 semesters. Current college students and recent graduates are
welcome to apply.
Intern responsibilities will include answering and logging constituent phone calls,
drafting correspondence, and assisting staff with legislative research and
administrative duties.
The ideal candidate should be interested in public policy, politics, and
government and is willing to learn more about the legislative process to serve the
constituents of Texas’s 4th Congressional District. Candidates with strong writing
and communication skills are encouraged to apply and must be ready to work in a
rapid environment. Texas ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter
to randy.mai1@mail.house.gov.

MEM-528-22

Congressman Scott Peters seeks applicants for full- or part-time paid
congressional internship for Spring.
Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting
with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates
must exhibit strong writing and communication skills. California residents or

Page 6 of 21

strong ties to San Diego are preferred but not required. Candidates should be
prepared to work a minimum of 15 hours per week.
Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and times
available (start and end dates as well as days per week)
to CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, CA52
Internship” in the subject line. Deadline to apply is December 5th for a starting
date in January or February.
MEM-527-22

The Office of Congressman Salud Carbajal (CA-24) is seeking a highly
motivated and creative Digital/Press Intern to assist with a fast-paced
communications operation based in his Washington, D.C. office for the 2023
Winter/Spring Term (January-April).
The Digital/Press Intern will help build out the Congressman’s digital and social
media footprint, with heavy emphasis on creating engaging social media content
and graphics. Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social
media skills to assist with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity
with graphic design/video editing software.
Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including internships)
are preferred but not required. California or Central Coast ties and Spanish
literacy are a plus. The intern will work closely with the Communications
Director and the Digital Press Assistant.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Compiling daily press clips
• Creating engaging graphics and editing photos
• Assisting the Digital Press Assistant with social media content, website content
and digital newsletters
• Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
• Assisting Communications Director with drafting press releases, op-eds,
advisories, and other written materials
• Creating and maintaining press lists
• Compiling regular comms reports on press and social media results
• Additional responsibilities include assisting the Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent with administrative tasks (e.g. sorting mail, answering phone
calls, conducting Capitol tours, etc.) and legislative tasks (e.g. batching incoming
messages on Fireside, drafting constituent letters, etc.)
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
A qualified candidate will possess strong social media and graphic design skills.
Past experiences with Canva, Photoshop, and other digital/graphic/video design
platforms are a major plus.

Page 7 of 21

TO APPLY
The internship will run from early-mid January to April. The hours are roughly
32 hours a week and are flexible to accommodate schedules and time zones, but
generally run 9a.m. to 6p.m. ET when Congress is in session and 9a.m. to 5p.m.
ET when Congress is out of session.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, two
digital samples, and dates/hours of availability
to Tommy.Vo@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(First Name) (Last Name)
– Digital/Press Intern.”
This is a full-time, limited term position and offers a monthly stipend from the
office of Congressman Carbajal’s unless the intern is already receiving
credit/stipend through a third party. No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. This
office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply. Deadline to apply is Friday, December 2, 2022.
MEM-526-22

Republican Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is seeking paid, in-person
interns for his Washington, DC office for the Spring 2023 term.
Functioning as a key part of the staff, our interns help draft constituent
correspondence, memos, and press releases, research legislation, take phone calls,
and assist with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or
recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fastpaced setting.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. California ties are preferred, but not required and academic credit is
available for qualifying students.
Interested applicants should email their resume, cover letter, and dates of
availability to seth.enderson@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2023 Internship” in
the subject line.

MEM-525-22

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Spring 2023.
Qualified applicants should possess strong communication skills, be interested in
learning about the legislative process, and have a willingness to work in our fastpaced office. Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of
the Capitol, attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and
additional tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not
required. This is a paid internship.

Page 8 of 21

Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability
to intern.OH06@gmail.com.
MEM-524-22

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Spring 2023 session. The internship would begin on
January 19 and last until early May. Our specific dates are tentative on the release
of the official House schedule.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge of the
day-to-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled in
an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an ideal
fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government – however,
any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the legislative
staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping
with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. This will be an in-person
internship. The deadline to apply for the Spring Session is Friday, December 16,
2022.
Interested candidates should apply through our
website https://gregmurphy.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-523-22

Congressional Internship (Washington, D.C. Office)
The Office of Congresswoman Grace F. Napolitano (D-CA) is seeking candidates
for a paid Spring internship in our Washington D.C. office.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communication skills,
eager to learn, detail oriented, and passionate about public service.
Responsibilities include:
- Answering phones
- Writing letters to constituents on a variety of policy topics
- Assisting constituents with matters related to federal agencies
- Researching legislation for the Member and the staff
- Attending hearings and briefings

Page 9 of 21

The ideal candidate will be available from January through April and can work
from 9am – 6pm ET when Congress is in session and from 9am – 5pm ET when
Congress is not in session. District ties and California ties are a plus.
To apply for an internship please email Sam.Schiller@mail.house.gov by
midnight on November 18th, 2022, with a resume and cover letter. Please have
your email subject line read “Spring 2023 Internship Application - (and add your
name)”.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-521-22

The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a driven,
detail-oriented, hardworking, and engaged individual to work with her team.
This internship will be hybrid (partially in-office, partially remote) with most
days being in-office/in-person. The timing of the internship is flexible based on
the candidate’s schedule but could start as early as January 9th and could last up
to 12 weeks. The intern would work with her dynamic team to improve the lives
of 7th district constituents and communities.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Constituent services: assist the front office staff with answering constituent
questions and draft correspondence;
• Legislative research: work with the legislative team to conduct research on issue
areas, write memos, and learn about the legislative process;
• District research: research and compile information for district events and
outreach;
• Communications: collaborate with the Communications team on tasks as needed
such as compiling news clips and tracking social media accounts; and
• Other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES:
• Responsible, reliable, punctual
• Has knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs
• Able to problem solve, think quickly, adapt, and handle sensitive information
HOURS & COMPENSATION: Flexible based on candidate’s schedule – can
either be part time or full time (up to 30 hours per week). This is a PAID
internship; the office will pay an hourly rate for applicants not supported by
outside fellowships.
TO APPLY: Please submit a resume and a 1-page cover letter that answers the
following questions in one PDF:

Page 10 of 21

• What, do you feel, is the biggest problem facing VA-07?
• How do you want to impact the community?
Please include a full-time/part-time preference, the dates you are available, and
any other scheduling constraints (e.g. mornings or afternoons only) in your
application.
Email this information to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Spring 2023 Internship – First Name, Last Name.”
DEADLINE: Applications will be considered on a rolling basis until December
2nd, 2022.
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger is an equal opportunity employer.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against because of race,
religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical disability, sexual
orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender expression) identity, color,
marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or any other classification
protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.
MEM-520-22

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full-time in-person
interns in the Washington D.C. office for the Fall term.
The interns will work mainly with D.C.-based staff, performing legislative and
administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience.
Specific duties include drafting and sorting constituent correspondence, attending
virtual policy briefings, performing legislative research, producing daily press
clips, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong written communication skills,
and are committed to public service. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample
to Clifton.Snorten@mail.house.gov with “Pocan Internship – Spring 2023” in the
subject line by November 15, 2022. Interested applicants should also apply to the
scholarship program at: https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program.

MEM-517-22

The Office of Congresswoman Norma Torres is currently seeking Spring 2023
interns in her DC office.
This internship is an excellent opportunity for those interested in public service
and learning more about the legislative process. Interns will have the opportunity
to be hands-on in the legislative process by assisting with Rep. Torres’
responsibilities on the Rules and Appropriations Committees. Our office seeks to
Page 11 of 21

help interns grow beyond the typical intern responsibilities by incorporating their
passions and goals into their internship. Additionally, specific press internships
are also available to work directly with the Press Secretary to develop and
implement communications and social media strategies.
Intern responsibilities include researching legislation, attending hearings and
briefings, drafting constituent letters, assisting the press and legislative teams
push policy forward, drafting memoranda for the staff, administrative work as
needed.
The Paid Fellowship Program is full-time from 9AM to 6PM when Congress is in
session and 9AM to 5 PM during recess. The Unpaid Internship Program is a
minimum of 10-12 hours per week.
The deadline to apply is Friday, November 25th, 2022. To submit your
application, please visit torres.house.gov/internships with your resume and cover
letter that includes your availability for the internship. Ties to CA-35 and
California along with Spanish skills are preferred but not required.
MEM-512-22

Congressman Jerry Nadler (NY-10) is seeking paid undergraduate student
interns for the Spring 2023 semester in his Washington, DC office. Applicants
should be interested in learning the daily, detailed operations of a congressional
office: responding to constituent problems and concerns, writing letters, drafting
policy memos, legislative research, and performing general office tasks. Excellent
communication skills are important.
Interns must be able to commit to at least 25 hours per week and should have
completed their first year of college. This internship will run from January 2023 May 2023.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample
to NY10.Internship@mail.house.gov by November 18, 2022. In your cover letter,
please note your availability on each day of the week, your legislative interests,
and why you would like to work for Congressman Nadler.
Congressman Nadler’s office strives to ensure that our internship class reflects
the diversity of the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds
are strongly encouraged to apply. Congressman Nadler’s office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.

MEM-511-22

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking spring interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.

Page 12 of 21

Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned. Successful
candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working, detailoriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player. Nevada ties
are strongly preferred. Nevada residents will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Spring Intern” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-509-22

Republican Representative Troy Nehls (TX-22) currently seeks full-time interns
in his Washington DC office for Spring 2023. Current college students and recent
graduates are welcome to apply.
Intern responsibilities will include answering and logging constituent phone calls,
drafting correspondence, and assisting staff with legislative research and
administrative duties.
The ideal candidate should be interested in public policy, politics, and
government and is willing to learn more about the legislative process to serve the
constituents of Texas’s 22nd Congressional District. Candidates with strong
writing and communication skills are encouraged to apply and must be ready to
work in a rapid environment. Texas ties and previous congressional experience
are preferred, but not required.
To apply, send your resume and cover letter to anil.joseph@mail.house.gov.

MEM-507-22

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the Spring internship session. The
start date would be as early as January 17th (with a flexible start and end date
depending on availability). Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and
have access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to JeffVanDrewNJ@gmail.com. Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re
Page 13 of 21

applying for a Spring internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume],
[Full Name_Cover Letter].
MEM-503-22

Congresswoman Barragán takes pride in offering internship opportunities in
both her San Pedro, California and Washington, DC offices.
Applications for the Winter 2022/Spring 2023 session are now open. Internships
are open to current undergraduate and graduate students, and recent college
graduates.
Intern responsibilities vary day-to-day but typically include:
•Interacting with constituents,
•Conducting legislative research,
•Attending community events,
•Attending committee hearings,
•Preparing memos,
•Drafting correspondence,
•Writing press clips,
•Administrative work as assigned,
•And additional support as needed.
Interns in the Washington, DC office are assigned to a legislative staffer based on
stated area(s) of interest. Please include your areas of policy interest in your cover
letter. Congresswoman Barragán also reserves one intern position in the
Washington, DC office each session for a Press Intern.
The Press Intern works closely with the Congresswoman’s Communications and
Media team to complete tasks such as compiling daily press clips, preparing
background research on media requests, drafting media advisories and press
releases, and other responsibilities as required.
Typical hours for internships in both offices are Monday through Friday from
9:00 am to 5:00 pm, although hours may be flexible to accommodate students’
hectic course schedules. Stipends will be offered to eligible interns.
Winter 2022/Spring 2023 Session: January 2023 through April 2023 | Deadline to
Apply: November 18th, 2022
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and dates of availability
to CA44.internships@mail.house.gov. Please specify in the subject line of the
email: the session you are applying for, whether you are applying for an
internship in the San Pedro or Washington, DC office, and if you are applying for
the Press Internship.
Applications received after the deadline will be considered depending on
availability.
Page 14 of 21

If you have any questions or concerns, please
email CA44.internships@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Minorites and those of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Preference will be given to applicants with ties to the District and Californian
residents, but all are welcome and encouraged to apply. Being bilingual in
Spanish is also a plus.
MEM-502-22

The Office of Rep. Julia Brownley (CA-26) seeks paid Spring interns for the
Washington D.C. Office.
Intern responsibilities include answering phones, running errands, researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings,
filling tour and flag requests, giving Capitol tours, and answering constituent
letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The office of Rep. Julia Brownley is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national
origin, age, or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume to Hannah Singer
at hannah.singer@mail.house.gov with the subject “Spring Internship- LAST
NAME”. Deadline to apply is 11/18/2022.

MEM-499-22

Congressman Raul Ruiz (CA-36) is seeking applicants for the Spring 2023
internship program in his Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congressman Ruiz is seeking hard-working
individuals who are passionate, driven, and committed to public service for their
Spring 2023 internship program. Internships in Congressman Ruiz’s office
combine administrative, press, and legislative work. Interns are involved in all
aspects of the office including constituent services, correspondence, and
legislative research, in addition to providing general staff support.
Intern Responsibilities:
•Engaging with constituents both over the phone and in-person at the front desk
•Researching policy to help constituents with their concerns
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman
•Processing and organizing constituent mail received by the office
•Completing projects on various topics concerning the district
Page 15 of 21

•Attending hearings and briefings and taking notes
•Assembling press and news clips
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman Ruiz’s office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email a cover letter and resume with the subject line
“Spring 2023 DC Office Internship”
to CA36.DCInternshipForm@mail.house.gov by November 18.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.
MEM-498-22

Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship paid internship for the Spring of 2023 in our
Washington, D.C. office.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the
legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include
attending briefings, answering phones, drafting constituent correspondence
letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks.
Nevada ties are encouraged but not required. The ideal candidate will be available
from late August through December and can work from 9am – 6pm ET when
Congress is in session and from 9am – 5pm ET when Congress is not in session.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume and cover letter
to Lizzie.Brown@mail.house.gov with the subject “First Name Last Name Spring
Internship Application” Applications will be accepted until November 15, 2022.

Page 16 of 21

MEM-496-22

The office of Congressman Jay Obernolte (CA-08) is seeking interns for the
spring 2023 term in the Washington D.C. office.
Ideal candidates should possess strong written and oral communication skills and
a demonstrated interest in public service. California ties are preferred but not
required.
In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to
answer phones, research legislation for the member and legislative staff, attend
hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the
House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.
Interested applicants should send a resume to James Fleming
at CA08.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring Internship
Application”

MEM-493-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for the spring of 2023. This is a hybrid position— hours are worked
remotely and in-person. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible
with Interns working for approximately 10-16 weeks. Applications are reviewed
on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
Page 17 of 21

•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.
MEM-491-22

The Office of Congressman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-00) is seeking motivated,
organized, and hardworking individuals for its spring internship program
(beginning in January 2023 and ending in May 2023).
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
providing Capitol tours for constituents, drafting constituent correspondence,
sorting incoming mail, attending briefings and hearings, conducting legislative
research, and other tasks as needed. Successful candidates will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, willingness to contribute to a team
environment, and eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. Delaware ties are a plus.
To apply, please send one compiled PDF of your resume, a cover letter that
describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and the
contact information for 2 references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov,
indicating the office (DC or Wilmington) and the term you are applying for in the
subject line. For example: “DC Spring 2023 Internship – NAME.” Please note in
the cover letter or body of the email if the internship is for school credit.
Applications are due at 11:59pm on December 10th, 2022
No phone calls, emails, or drop-ins please.

MEM-488-22

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Spring
2023 internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates,
and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman
DeLauro's office combine administrative and legislative work. Interns are
involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.
Page 18 of 21

How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form
(tinyurl.com/3t2z5ku8, also located on delauro.house.gov/services/internships)
along with a cover letter, resume, brief writing sample (1-2 pages), and two
references to Daniel.Robillard@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring
2023 Internship” by November 18. Please send completed application form as
one PDF file and all other application materials in another, single PDF file.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.
MEM-487-22

“Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Spring 2023 term.
Intern responsibilities include corresponding and communicating with
constituents, researching policy, legislative analysis, guiding Capitol building
tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written
and oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and
cover letter
to marshall.stallings@mail.house.gov and lauren.mazurek@mail.house.gov.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to
apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class
schedules. This is a paid position and is competitive with that of other offices.
Rate of pay will depend on hours worked and duration of internship. State ties
preferred but not required.”

MEM-484-22

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (D-PA-05) Paid Spring Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Drafting constituent correspondence
• Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
• Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
• Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public

Page 19 of 21

service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Emily.Kastenberg@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring
Legislative Internship, NAME” by November 21st, 2022. Please include
availability in the cover letter and compile all application materials into one PDF
document.
MEM-481-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking full-time and part-time paid
interns for the Spring 2023 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings/hearings, performing
legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects.
Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent communication
skills, a strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public service and
progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by an outside
organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample,
three references, and availability to Diego.Sanchez@mail.house.gov with the
subject “First Name.Last Name Internship Application.” Applications will be
accepted until Sunday, November 27th. Incomplete or late applications will not
be accepted.

MEM-477-22

The office of Congressman Austin Scott (GA-08) is seeking full-time and parttime Spring 2023 interns in his Washington D.C. Office.
A qualified candidate should possess strong written and oral communication
skills and a demonstrated interest in public service. Interns will be expected to
fulfill the regular duties of a Congressional intern and may also receive
opportunities to assist the Legislative and Communications Staff.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a Congressional office. Generally, the office hours run from 8:30
AM to 5:30 PM when Congress is in session and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not
in session.
Page 20 of 21

Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to william.matney@mail.house.gov. Georgia ties are preferred, and the deadline
to apply for the Spring 2023 internship is the close of business on November 28.

Page 21 of 21

