________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 29, 2021

MEM-547-21

Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton’s office is seeking interns for the
Spring 2022 term. The internship would begin in January and last until early
May. Specific dates are tentative on the release of the official House calendar.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but generally
run from 9am to 6pm when Congress is in session, and 9am to 5pm when not in
session.
Intern responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislation for the
member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and drafting
constituent correspondence on various issues.
Internships are a great opportunity to gain professional and educational
experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and
be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Interested applicants
should send their resumes and cover letter with the subject line “Spring 2022
Internship” to ryan.a.washington@mail.house.gov
Requirements: Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date
and availability.
The deadline to apply for the spring session is Friday, December 10th.

Page 1 of 15

MEM-541-21

"Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke’s (NY-09) D.C. office is seeking in-person,
full or part-time, interns for the upcoming Spring 2021 semester. Team Clarke
expects the ideal candidate to be driven, team-orientated, and ambitious with
interest in diving into the legislative process and the inner workings of Capitol
Hill.
This position requires applicants to have the ability to multi-task, strong
organizational skills, and possess high degrees of professionalism and diligence.
Responsibilities include answering telephones, compiling daily press clips,
assisting with constituent services, and providing administrative assistance to
staff.
Additionally, interns will work closely with the Legislative Team to prepare
legislative research, background for Committee hearings and markups, and
drafting memorandums. Applicants may hold interests in or have previous
experience working with policy areas such as environmental sustainability,
cybersecurity, immigration, infrastructure, affordable housing, Caribbean issues,
and health care.
Interested applicants should send their resume, cover letter, and 2 writing samples
to the Intern Coordinator, Dan Kalmowitz,
at Dan.Kalmowitz@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Clarke Spring
Internship Application.” New York ties strongly preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Deadline to apply is December 10, 2021. Due to the large volume of applicants,
only those applicants who are selected for interviews will be contacted."

MEM-540-21

The Washington and District offices of Rep. Stanton seek an enthusiastic and
motivated intern for the Spring 2022 semester.
Interns have a crucial part in our district and Washington, D.C. offices and are
tasked to answer phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative
staff, assist in various constituent casework and outreach projects, and answer
constituent letters on issues before the House. This is a paid opportunity that can
accommodate a full or part time position. Those with Arizona ties are strongly
preferred.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, letter of interest and 1-2 page
writing sample to:
•DC_Internships.AZ09@mail.house.gov for D.C. Office internships, and
•Internships.AZ09@mail.house.gov for District Office internships.
Page 2 of 15

Applications are due December 8, 2021.
MEM-535-21

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for spring 2022. This is a hybrid position—hours can be worked in
person and remotely. If the public health situation changes significantly, the
position could transition to in-office full-time.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need and ties to Tennessee’s 9th District. Full-time
availability is preferred. Interns will work for 10-16 weeks (January-April).
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

MEM-534-21

The Honorable Robert C. “Bobby” Scott, Chairman of the House Education and
Labor Committee, seeks full-time law students to work during spring semester
2022 internship.
Duties may include, but are not limited to, researching and the drafting of
legislation, memos, talking points, and letters, covering congressional briefings.
Candidates should have completed at least one year of law school, have strong
Page 3 of 15

legal research abilities and written and oral communication skills, and be capable
of managing themselves and taking initiative.
Indicate your area of interest and your writing sample should support your
interest and expertise: Health Policy, Education Policy, Labor Policy, Pensions,
Oversight, Disability, Workforce Development and Work Safety. Law interns are
unpaid, however, academic credit can be received. Candidates able to commit to
the full spring semester are encouraged to apply. The preferred start date is early
to mid-January.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating type of
internship in the subject line. Applications missing any of the requirements will
not be considered.
The final deadline for the spring 2022 internship and fellowship program is
Friday, December 10, 2021. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity or sexual orientation),
national origin, age, disability, gender, uniformed service, genetic information, or
any other factor.
MEM-533-21

The Honorable Robert C. “Bobby” Scott, Chairman of the House Education and
Labor Committee, seeks full-time press intern for paid and unpaid internships
during spring semester 2022.
Duties may include, but are not limited to, media monitoring and research,
writing media advisories and press releases, drafting social media and general
communications office support. Ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills,
works well under deadlines and thrives in juggling multiple assignments. Interns
can receive academic credit.
Candidates able to commit to the full spring semester are encouraged to apply.
The preferred start date is early to mid-January.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating type of
internship in the subject line.
Applications missing any of the requirements will not be considered. The final
deadline for the spring 2022 internship and fellowship program is Friday,
December 10, 2021. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity or sexual orientation),
Page 4 of 15

national origin, age, disability, gender, uniformed service, genetic information, or
any other factor.
MEM-532-21

The Honorable Robert C. “Bobby” Scott, Chairman of the House Education and
Labor Committee, seeks full-time committee interns for paid and unpaid
internships during spring semester 2022.
Duties may include, but are not limited to, assisting with administrative tasks,
answering phones, processing mail, legislative research, and attending briefings
and hearings. This is a fast-paced office; multitasking and attention to detail are
required. Interns can receive academic credit.
Candidates able to commit to the full spring semester are encouraged to apply.
The preferred start date is early to mid-January. To apply, please email a cover
letter, resume, three references, two writing samples, and application form
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating type of internship in the subject line.
Applications missing any of the requirements will not be considered. The final
deadline for the spring 2022 internship and fellowship program is Friday,
December 10, 2021. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity or sexual orientation),
national origin, age, disability, gender, uniformed service, genetic information, or
any other factor.

MEM-531-21

Press/Digital Internship (Washington, D.C. Office)
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) is seeking a
paid press/digital intern to join a fast-paced communications team for Spring
2022. Qualified candidates will have a demonstrated interest in press and digital
communications as well as strong written, organizational and time management
skills. This individual should enjoy taking initiative, solving problems and
thinking creatively. Michigan ties are a plus.
This position is paid. The ideal candidate will be available from January 3
through April 2022 to work from 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. when Congress is in session and
from 9 a.m. – 5 p.m. when Congress is not in session.
Interested applicants should send a brief cover letter, resume and at least two
sample social media posts with graphics to Sam.Ropa@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Spring 2022 Press/Digital Intern” by COB Friday, December 3.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Compile daily press clips
•Draft social media content for Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Page 5 of 15

•Create graphics and videos for social media
•Monitor and update the media contacts list
•Conduct research for op-eds, social content and press releases
•Assist the communications team
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong written communication skills;
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Experience using Adobe Creative Suite, Canva, or equivalent digital products to
create graphics, videos, and other digital content;
•Experience drafting social media;
•Experience monitoring media;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel and Google Sheets
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation, gender
identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-530-21

Congressional Internship (Washington, D.C. Office)
The office of Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) is seeking a highly motivated
and detail-oriented paid intern for Spring 2022. Qualified candidates will have
demonstrated interest in researching, learning, and writing about policy,
legislation and the legislative process; strong writing and analytical skills; and an
interest in public service. This position acts as an all-around helping hand in the
congressional office, serving staff and constituents, and is essential to ensuring
the office operates efficiently. Michigan ties are a plus.
This position is paid. The ideal candidate will be available from January through
May and can work from 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. ET when Congress is in session and from
9 a.m. – 5 p.m. ET when Congress is not in session.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume
to Sam.Ropa@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring 2022 Internship” by
COB on Friday, December 3.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Oversee the office reception area, greeting constituents and guests in a
professional manner;
•Answer incoming telephone calls;
•Assist the Staff Assistant in organizing tours of the U.S. Capitol, White House
and other Washington, D.C. landmarks for constituents or stakeholders;
Page 6 of 15

•Assist the Staff Assistant in fulfilling flag requests;
•Assist the legislative staff by researching legislation and policies, attending
briefings and drafting cosponsor recommendations and memos;
•Support the constituent mail program by batching constituent messages in IQ,
researching and drafting constituent mail;
•Assist in managing office supplies for the Washington office;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and procedures;
•Knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments;
•Professional telephone manners;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation, gender
identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-527-21

The Washington office of Congresswoman Val Demings seeks spring term
interns for her Washington, D.C. office.
Individual responsibilities will vary, but all interns will be asked to answer
phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings
and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues. Internship hours
are flexible, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session,
and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. This is a paid internship.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter with days of availability and a onepage writing sample to FL10.Internships@mail.house.gov. Please use “Internship
Application” in the subject line. Individuals selected for an interview will be
contacted. No phone calls or drop ins, please.

MEM-524-21

The Office of Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) seeks Press/Legislative interns for the
upcoming 2022 Winter/Spring term.

Page 7 of 15

The office has two types of internships available: an in-person internship and a
remote, research-focused internship.
In-person intern responsibilities will include drafting social media posts for the
Member’s official social media pages (including Facebook, Twitter, and
Instagram), designing graphics, attending hearings and briefings (either in person
or virtually from the office), researching legislation for both the Member and
legislative staff, drafting constituent letters on the Member’s behalf, interfacing
with constituents and visitors, staffing the front office, and potentially conducting
tours. To be considered for this position, candidates must show proof of full
COVID-19 vaccination, and if hired, agree to follow additional precautionary
measures, such as mask-wearing and regular sanitizing.
Remote intern responsibilities will similarly include drafting social media posts,
designing graphics, attending virtual hearings and briefings, and drafting
constituent letters on the Member’s behalf, but there will be a heavier focus on
conducting legislative research for both the Member and legislative staff.
All interns are paid $15.00 per hour for a minimum of 15 hours/week and
maximum of 30 hours/week unless the intern is receiving a stipend from an
external organization in relation to their internship. The hours can be flexible to
accommodate students' schedules but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.
Monday through Friday.
To apply to intern in the DC office, please send your resume, a short writing
sample (no more than 2-pages), 2 sample tweets on a current event, a sample
graphic (optional) and your dates of availability
to Emma.Preston@mail.house.gov.
Due to the high volume of applicants, a response is not guaranteed. The Office of
Rep. Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based
on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, or
socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
MEM-521-21

Conservative California Member of Congress is seeking full and part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written
and verbal communication skills, strong attention to detail, and display a strong
work ethic.
Position duties include but are not limited to: attending Congressional hearings
and briefings, answering phones, sorting mail, processing constituent tour and
flag requests, leading Capitol tours, and assisting legislative staff with research.
The application is open to college students and recent graduates. Hours are
flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but generally run 8:30 a.m.
to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when
Page 8 of 15

Congress is not in session. This is a paid internship that complies with the House
Paid Internship Program.
The application deadline for this position is December 3, 2021. The anticipated
start date for this position is January 2022.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: Spring 2022
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-519-21

Spring Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Spring 2022. The internship is in-person and will run
from early January to late May. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Spring 2022 Internship” to Will.Salmon@mail.house.gov, or by applying
through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships

MEM-518-21

Congressman Jay Obernolte’s Washington, DC office is seeking interns for the
Spring 2022 term. The internship would begin in January and last until early
May. Specific dates are tentative on the release of the official House calendar.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session.
In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to
answer phones, research legislation for the member and legislative staff, attend
hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the
House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office. California ties are preferred but not required.
The deadline to apply for the spring session is Friday, December 10th.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to Will Burns
at CA08.internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-517-21

Fall Congressional Internship Opportunity:
Page 9 of 15

Congressman John Garamendi (D-CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his team through the end of the year. Option to be extended into Winter 2022
intern class depending on performance.
Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal
team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending virtual hearings and
meetings, answering constituent phone calls, assisting with scheduling, sorting
and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest.
First-hand experience in Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office
provides interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the
development of public policy. Full-time candidates with California ties and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-511-21

Winter Congressional Internship Opportunity:
Congressman John Garamendi (D-CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his team. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and
phenomenal team players.
Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are
imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and
press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending virtual
hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Page 10 of 15

Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-504-21

“The Office of Congressman Ronny Jackson is seeking interns for the
Washington D.C. Office.
College students may apply for an internship for the Spring term that runs from
January 4th to May 20th. Dates are flexible. The internship is unpaid, however,
students gain invaluable work experience. The hours are flexible to accommodate
students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
Interns' responsibilities vary, but they will be asked to answer phones, run
errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings
and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office. Texas ties are preferred but not required.
To apply, please visit Internships | Congressman Ronny Jackson (house.gov), or
email the intern coordinator, Katie Wallach, at Katie.Wallach@mail.house.gov”

MEM-499-21

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, is seeking an energetic and
self-motivated law student for a full-time internship for Spring 2022.
The position offers the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting
and fast-paced Subcommittee, while participating directly in the oversight
process and learning about the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting staff in preparing for
congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research, drafting
memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with Executive Branch
and private sector officials. Law students play a key role in the office and will
work closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Background: The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to
investigate any matter at any time. The Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil
Liberties has jurisdiction over issues related to civil rights, civil liberties and the
equal protection of laws, including voting rights; freedom of religion, speech,
press, and assembly; equal employment; nondisclosure agreements; criminal
justice reform policies; and the Census Bureau.

Page 11 of 15

Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. This is a fulltime position.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a
cover letter and resume to Devon.Ombres@mail.house.gov with “2022 Spring
CRCL Internship Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins
please.
MEM-498-21

Congressman Gerald E. Connolly of Virginia’s 11th Congressional District, a
senior member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and House Committee
on Oversight and Government Reform, is seeking out new interns for the Spring
2022 Semester.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
• Constituent Services: Directly communicating with constituents, assisting the
management of incoming constituent correspondence, and drafting
correspondence in response to constituent concerns
• Legislative Research: Conducting research on a wide variety of policy issues,
drafting memos, and attending briefings and committee hearings
• Administrative Assistance: Assembling hearing materials, managing the front
office, and escorting and meeting with guests throughout the Capitol complex
• Other duties as assigned
Hours and Compensation:
Hours are flexible and based on candidate’s schedule. This is a paid internship.
All interns will receive a $2000 stipend over the course of their work.
Application Process:
Selection is based on an applicant's general office and computer experience,
interview, and a short writing sample. Please submit a cover letter, resume and a
brief writing sample to the office of your choice.
To Apply:
Please submit the following in the form of a single pdf:
1.Resume
2.A short writing sample (2-page maximum)
3.A 1-page cover letter that answers the following questions
1.What do you feel is the most important issue currently facing Virginia’s 11th
Congressional District?
2.Why are you driven to public service and what impact do you want to make on
your community?
3.Why do you wish to work for Congressman Connolly specifically?

Page 12 of 15

Interns are accepted throughout the year on a part-time basis. Priority is given to
applicants with ties to the 11th District. Selection is based on an applicant's
interview, short writing sample, and relevant experience.
Deadline: December 1
Please fax or email your information to:
Washington, D.C. Office:
va11.internship@mail.house.gov
Phone: (202) 225-1492
MEM-495-21

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks
interns for the upcoming Fall 2021 term. The D.C. office has two types of
internships: A Legislative Internship and a Press Internship. Due to the ongoing
threat presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, the internship is expected to be
remote for the duration of the term.
Legislative Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings,
drafting and editing constituent correspondence letters, researching legislation for
the legislative staff, and providing support for the day-to-day activities of the
office. Press Intern responsibilities include drafting social media posts, designing
graphics, conducting interview preparation for the Member, drafting and editing
constituent correspondence letters, and assisting the Press Secretary in the day-today operations of the office.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged
to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, a one-page cover letter, and 1-2 short
writing samples to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally,
applicants should indicate their expected start and end dates, availability for
Monday-Friday, and which position they are applying for (or state that you do not
have a preference). We also ask that applicants for the Press Internship submit 13 sample graphics. Deadline to apply is 5 PM ET on Tuesday, November 30th,
2021.

MEM-493-21

Representative Jim Costa (CA-16) is currently accepting internship applications
for the Spring of 2022 in his Washington DC, Fresno, and Merced offices.
Interns will learn about the inner workings of a congressional office while
gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Qualified candidates
should be highly organized, excellent communicators, able to multitask, and have
strong writing skills.

Page 13 of 15

Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
attending briefings and hearings, conducting legislative research, sorting mail,
and various other tasks to help to office function smoothly.
Full- and part-time candidates will be considered. This is a hybrid internship with
both in-person and remote workdays. Technology will be provided for remote
work. Opportunities for school credit are available, and a stipend will be provided
to qualifying interns. CA-16, Central Valley, and California ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should apply on the Congressman’s
website: https://costa.house.gov/services/internships. Applicants must provide a
resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, sexual orientation, or military status. All are strongly encouraged to
apply. No calls or walk-ins.
MEM-492-21

The office of Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks highly motivated
undergraduates and recent graduates for his Washington D.C. office for the
Spring 2022 session. This is an in-person internship. District ties are strongly
preferred, but not required.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication and customer
service skills and a strong attention to detail. Primary responsibilities will include
processing correspondence, answering phones, attending briefings, performing
legislative research and analysis, drafting memos and letters, and various other
tasks.
Successful applicants should have a service-oriented attitude, strong
organizational skills, proficiency at prioritizing and managing multiple projects at
one time, and the capacity to work both independently and as part of a team.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, three references, and a
brief writing sample (with their last name in the name of each file)
to CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by Tuesday, November 30, 2021.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.

Page 14 of 15

MEM-482-21

Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for the spring of 2022.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the
legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include
attending briefings, answering phones, drafting constituent correspondence
letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks.
Nevada ties are encouraged but not required.
Please send resume, cover letter, and a letter of recommendation
to Vanessa.Schoning@mail.house.gov or apply online at https://titus.house.gov/.

MEM-406-21

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester is currently seeking energetic and selfmotivated interns for her Washington, DC and Wilmington offices for the Spring
2022 term. This is a paid internship. This is currently a hybrid in-person/remote
position that is subjected to change based on CDC guidelines.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, strong writing skills, a passion for public service, and a good
sense of humor.
Primary responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House of Representatives.
Delaware ties are preferred, but not required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Interested candidates should send a
resume, a cover letter that describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman
Blunt Rochester, and 2 references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov, indicating
the office (DC or Wilmington) and the term you are applying for in the subject
line. For example: “DC Spring 2020 Internship.” Applications are due on
November 30th, 2021

Page 15 of 15

