________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 15, 2022

MEM-439-22

Legislative Intern:
The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks a motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professional for a paid, hybrid legislative internship
for the Washington, DC office.
Qualified applicants should have strong communications skills, the ability to
manage multiple competing tasks, possess exceptional writing and research skills,
and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include–but are not limited to–answering phones, processing
constituent mail, assisting the legislative staff with research, attending
congressional briefings, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of
issues, assisting with closing down the office, and other duties as necessary.
For applicants interested in a legislative internship, please send a resume, cover
letter, and brief writing sample to mi14district@gmail.com with the phrase
“Legislative Internship MI-14” in the subject line.
Full-time internship positions are available beginning Tuesday, September 6,
2022. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to
work in your cover letter.

Page 1 of 15

MEM-438-22

Press Intern:
The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks a motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for a paid, hybrid press internship for
the Washington, DC office.
Qualified applicants should have strong communications skills, the ability to
manage multiple competing tasks, possess exceptional writing and research skills,
and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
The Press Intern will support the Press Secretary by drafting written materials
such as press releases/advisories, creating digital social media content, preparing
daily press clips, and assisting with media inquiries and research. Successful
candidates will have an interest in journalism, politics, communications, and new
media, with superior written communication skills. Knowledge of graphic design
programs (Adobe Creative Suite, Canva, etc.) is a plus, but not required.
Full-time internship positions are available beginning Tuesday, September 6,
2022. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to
work in your cover letter.
For applicants interested in a press internship, please send a resume, cover letter,
and include a small portfolio of your work to mi14district@gmail.com with the
phrase “Press Internship MI-14” in the subject line.

MEM-436-22

The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly
motivated, proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications
team.
Applicants must be available to begin at the end of August/beginning of
September. Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work
ethic, pay attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have solid writing
and editing skills. Preferred applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and
are willing to perform and follow through on a wide variety of tasks. A monthly
stipend is available.
• Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
• Position can be virtual, in person, or hybrid
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and
Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Photoshop or Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
Page 2 of 15

*Drafting short newsletters
*Editing written materials, such as newsletters or press releases
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Interested applicants should please send resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples,
and a graphic sample (if applicable)
to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com
MEM-435-22

“The Office of Congresswoman Kim Schrier (D-WA-08) is seeking summer
interns in its Issaquah and DC offices.
Applicants should be eager to learn more about the legislative process and want
to be part of a hardworking team dedicated to serving Washington’s 8th District.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office, gaining valuable
experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
In Washington, D.C., intern responsibilities will include greeting constituents,
answering constituent phone calls, supporting staff with administrative tasks,
conducting legislative research, assisting with constituent correspondence, and
other miscellaneous tasks as assigned. Interns in Washington, D.C. will also have
the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol, as well as attend hearings and
briefings for the legislative staff.
In the District office, interns will assist with a variety of tasks, including day-today office work such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with
media clips. District office interns may also help with constituent casework or
other District-based projects of importance.
Qualifications
Ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, a
high degree of professionalism, and a strong interest in public service. In
addition, the ability to multi-task and work with a team are a plus. Washington
state ties are a plus, but not required. Starting and ending dates are flexible,
although prospective interns should be able to commit at least 20 hours per week.
Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for undergraduate
and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest in public
service. Stipends or academic credit are available.
Please apply online at https://schrier.house.gov/services/internships, or by
emailing DistrictInternshipsWA08@mail.house.gov with a cover letter, resume, 2
writing samples, and your preference for the District or DC office.
Please apply by August 25th at 11:59 p.m. PT.”

MEM-433-22

The office of Congressman Scott Peters is seeking applicants for a full or parttime congressional internship in the Washington, D.C office for the fall.

Page 3 of 15

Duties will include conducting legislative research, drafting memos, assisting
with front office duties, and performing basic administrative tasks. Interns will
also be responsible for drafting responses to constituent inquiries or proactive
outreach materials. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and communication
skills.
Interns will have the opportunity to write memorandums and briefing materials
for legislative staff, attend committee hearings and legislative briefings, conduct
research on bills the Member may consider sponsoring or cosponsoring, and
complete special projects as assigned.
Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per week and a
maximum of 30 hours per week. Please send a resume, cover letter, writing
sample (1-2 pages), and availability (start and end dates as well as days per week)
to CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “Last Name, First Name, CA52
Internship” in the subject line. Questions can be directed to the same e-mail
address.
MEM-428-22

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Fall 2022 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner- workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other congressional
offices, and a host of various special projects.

Page 4 of 15

Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability
to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.
MEM-426-22

Republican Representative Troy Nehls (TX-22) currently seeks full-time interns
in his Washington DC office for Fall 2022. Current college students and recent
graduates are welcome to apply.
Intern responsibilities will include answering and logging constituent phone calls,
drafting correspondence, and assisting staff with legislative research and
administrative duties.
The ideal candidate should be interested in public policy, politics, and
government and is willing to learn more about the legislative process to serve the
constituents of Texas’s 22nd Congressional District. Candidates with strong
wiring and communication skills are encouraged to apply and must be ready to
work in a rapid environment. Texas ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, send your resume and cover letter to anil.joseph@mail.house.gov.

MEM-422-22

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is seeking full or part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office.
Applicants should possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
research. This is a paid-internship that complies with the House Paid Internship
Program.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to ally.hibben@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Fall 2022 Internship.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-420-22

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking fall interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned.
Successful candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working,
detail-oriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player.
Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Nevada residents will be eligible for a
monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Fall Intern” in the subject line.
Page 5 of 15

No phone calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-419-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a motivated
and reliable student to fill a full-time digital intern position this summer.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling
and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn is a must; sense of humor strongly
encouraged.
This position reports to the digital press secretary and the communications
director. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-418-22

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented student with a passion for
communications to fill a full-time press intern position this summer.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, voracious consumer of
news, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Press intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, compiling press clips, maintaining
press lists, and drafting press releases. This position reports to the
communications director and broader communications team. Candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter or writing sample
to oversightpress@mail.house.gov

MEM-413-22

Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) is currently seeking paid full and part-time
interns to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2022 term.
Intern responsibilities include corresponding and communicating with
constituents, researching policy, legislative analysis, guiding Capitol building
tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. To apply for an internship please
Page 6 of 15

email KS04DC.InternApplication@mail.house.gov and include your resume,
cover letter, and two letters of recommendation. Kansas ties are preferred but not
required.
MEM-411-22

The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate-level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for a
Fall 2022 internship.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone
inquiries, and providing support to all Committee staff. A background in science
is a plus.
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter
to house.science.committee@mail.house.gov

MEM-407-22

“The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Lucille Roybal-Allard (CA-40)
is seeking paid full-time and part-time interns for the Fall 2022 semester.
Responsibilities will include but are not limited to answering and logging
constituent calls, drafting constituent correspondence on various issues, attending
legislative briefings and hearings for staff, sorting and distributing mail, and
completing other administrative and legislative work as needed.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to work well in a team environment and manage
multiple tasks. A positive attitude and interest in public policy and politics are
required. California ties and Spanish language skills are preferred but not
required, and academic credit is available for qualifying applicants.
To apply, please submit your resume, cover letter, and a one-page writing sample
to skie.vasquez@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2022 Internship” in the subject line.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the last week of August.
People of color and individuals in underrepresented communities are encouraged
to apply.
Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop ins.”

MEM-406-22

The Republican Staff of the House Committee on the Budget seeks motivated,
reliable, and detail-oriented undergrad students and recent graduates for the Fall
Internship Program.
Page 7 of 15

Intern responsibilities include assisting staff in preparing for congressional
hearings, assisting in performing research, attending Congressional briefings,
answering telephones, and other miscellaneous duties.
The ideal candidate should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and
written communication skills, have a strong appreciation for situational
awareness, be able to multitask, and be adaptable to a fast-paced environment. An
interest in topics relevant to the committee’s jurisdiction is preferred.
Please submit your resume, cover letter, and one-page writing sample
to Carl.Griffin@mail.house.gov.
MEM-403-22

“Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2022 term.
Intern responsibilities include corresponding and communicating with
constituents, researching policy, legislative analysis, guiding Capitol building
tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written
and oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and
cover letter to marshall.stallings@mail.house.gov and
lauren.mazurek@mail.house.gov.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to
apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class
schedules.
This is a paid position and is competitive with that of other offices. Rate of pay
will depend on hours worked and duration of internship. State ties preferred but
not required.”

MEM-401-22

The office of Congressman Brian Mast (FL-18) is hiring a paid digital intern to
start in September.
The preferred candidate will have academic, personal, or professional experience
with video filming/editing, graphic design, photography and/or social media
management. They should also be familiar with Adobe Suite, including
Photoshop, Illustrator and Premiere Pro. This is a 3-month long position, ideally
for a candidate able to be in the office full time. Other arrangements will be
considered for the right candidate.

Page 8 of 15

If interested, applicants are encouraged to send their resume and work samples
that highlight their creativity to brianmastpress@gmail.com.
MEM-400-22

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks
full-time paid interns. This position will include a combination of telework and
in-office work as safety and logistics permit.
Duties/Responsibilities:
Interns will work on substantive projects under the direction of Committee Staff
while also serving a general administrative function. Interns will help staff
prepare for hearings and markups, take notes on relevant committee activities,
and work on research, oversight, and press-related projects. Interns will also
perform administrative tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and
filing official documents.
Qualification/Skills:
Candidate should be detail-oriented and possess strong oral and written
communication skills. The position requires an ability to multitask and adapt to a
fast-paced environment. A background and/or interest in subject areas within the
committee’s jurisdiction is strongly preferred.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter
to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov. Applicants will be accepted on a rolling basis.
No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-399-22

The Office of Congresswoman Katie Porter (D-CA-45) is seeking a current
student to serve as a press intern to assist with communications, social media,
and graphic design, either remotely or in-person at our district office in Irvine,
California.
Candidates should possess strong written and verbal communication skills and
have an interest in politics and government. Daily tasks include but are not
limited to producing assets for the Congresswoman’s social media accounts, such
as graphics and short videos; tracking and compiling mentions of the
Congresswoman in the news; transcribing press interviews; creating and
managing press lists; and assisting with media inquiries and research.
Knowledge of programs like Adobe Creative Suite and Canva a plus, but not
required.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing
sample (1-2 pages) as one attachment to katieporter.press@mail.house.gov with
the subject “[full name] Summer 2022 press internship application”. We
recommend that applicants also submit one to two examples of previous digital
media or graphic design products, but this is not required.

Page 9 of 15

We are accepting applications on a rolling basis, but we will prioritize candidates
that apply on or before August 15, 2022.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
The press intern will receive a monthly stipend.
MEM-395-22

Congressman Ralph Norman (SC-05) is seeking interns in his to begin ASAP
Intern responsibilities will include answering and logging constituent phone calls,
drafting correspondence, giving tours of the Capitol, attending policy briefings
and meetings, and assisting staff with legislative research and administrative
duties.
The ideal candidate should be interested in public policy, have a strong work
ethic, possess a positive attitude, and work well in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates with strong writing and communication skills are encouraged to
apply. South Carolina ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to repralph.norman@mail.house.gov

MEM-394-22

Congressman Bill Huizenga (MI-02) is now accepting applications for his Fall
2022 Internship Program in his D.C. office from September to December (start
and end dates flexible).
Successful applicants will have a positive and friendly attitude, a willingness to
learn new skills, an interest in politics and legislation, excellent written and
verbal communication skills, and proficiency with Microsoft Office Programs.
Michigan ties are preferred but not required.
Duties:
•Sitting at the front desk: answering phones, sorting mail, data entry, greeting
visitors/meetings
•Researching legislation, database creation and work, assisting with press clips,
various errands around Capitol Hill/DC, keeping supplies stocked, attend
hearings
•Assisting scheduler with filing, calling, etc.
•Conducting tours/guiding constituents through the U.S. Capitol Building
Congressional Internships are often fast-paced, high-stress, professional, and
involve quick thinking. Congressional Interns are an integral part of the staff.

Page 10 of 15

Successful completion of related duties allows other staff to assist with policyrelated matters and to aid Congressman Huizenga.
Hours will vary on number of applicants but generally Monday-Friday 8am-5pm.
The office may accommodate interns who are available only part time. Start and
end dates have some flexibility. This is a paid position.
How to apply:
•Fill out the internship application on the website, which can be found under the
Services tab.
•Submit an intern application, cover letter, resume, and writing sample to the DC
contact, lexi.willison@mail.house.gov.
MEM-392-22

Congresswoman Jackie Speier’s office seeks proactive, flexible, and detailoriented interns who can join Team Speier-ited in her Washington, D.C. office
asap for late Summer/Fall!
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, resourcefulness, as well as a strong
interest in public service. Open to all majors and designed for undergraduate,
recent graduates, and graduate students.
*Intern responsibilities include handling phone calls, compiling daily press clips,
assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and assisting with
constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend
hearings and briefings for legislative staff, as well as opportunities to network
with coffees or lunches!
*CA-14 district or California ties are preferred, but not required.
*Start and end dates are flexible, but this paid internship would ideally run from
mid-August to December.
*Full-time and in-person interns preferred, and kindly ask that you please be
vaccinated.
To apply: Please fill out our application found
on https://speier.house.gov/internships with cover letter, resume, and writing
sample, and email all materials to Speier.Internships@mail.house.gov.
In the body of the email, please also list any start and end date constraints,
whether you are interested in a full-time position, and the number of hours per
week you can work. Please also state any ties you have to CA-14 District or
California.
Thank you in advance for your interest!
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
Page 11 of 15

identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-385-22

Capitol Hill internships provide valuable opportunities for college students and
new graduates to experience our nation's legislative process firsthand. Many
current Hill staffers, from Chiefs of Staff to legislative assistants, started off as
personal office and committee interns.
Representative Carol Miller (WV-03) offers the opportunity for college students
and recent graduates to participate in internships in her Washington, D.C. office.
Successful candidates must have excellent organizational, personal, writing and
communication skills. West Virginia ties are a plus but are not required. Special
consideration will be given to applicants from West Virginia’s Third District or
students attending institutions of higher education in West Virginia.
Internships can be a great opportunity to learn the legislative process, experience
life in Washington, D.C., and see how your government works. Responsibilities
include answering phones, providing constituents tours of the U.S. Capitol,
legislative research, assisting the communications team, and aiding staff for
special projects as needed.
Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings, briefings, and
staff meetings. This rewarding experience offers students and recent graduates the
opportunity to learn about and contribute to the day-to-day operations of a
Congressional office. Furthermore, full-time interns may have to opportunity to
receive a monthly stipend.
To apply, please see our website https://miller.house.gov/services/internships, or
email your resume and a cover letter explaining your interest in Congresswoman
Miller’s office to our Intern Coordinator, Taylor Rathe
at Taylor.Rathe@mail.house.gov.
Internships are offered for the following semesters on a rolling application basis
until spaces are filled.
Fall: Mid-August or September - December
Spring: January – May
Summer: May - September

MEM-382-22

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform is
seeking energetic and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time
internships for the fall of 2022.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly
Page 12 of 15

in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative
operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes. Law
students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff.
Background: The Oversight and Reform Committee is the primary investigative
committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate
any matter at any time.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the
office full time are preferred.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a
cover letter and resume to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Fall 2022 Legal
Internship” in the subject line. Please specify in your cover letter whether you can
work full time and when you can start. Please use the following formats to name
your resume and cover letter: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.”
No phone calls or drop-ins please. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-376-22

Rep. Lisa McClain (MI-10) is seeking Fall interns for the D.C. office.
The Office of Congresswoman Lisa McClain is seeking qualified candidates for a
paid internship in our Washington, D.C. office for the fall. Candidates should be
detail-oriented, a team player, have strong written and verbal communication
skills, and be eager to learn about the legislative branch.
Responsibilities include leading tours, answering phones and constituent letters,
researching legislation, attending hearings and briefings and other duties as
assigned. Ties to Michigan are preferred.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter
to: bennett.danforth@mail.house.gov

Page 13 of 15

MEM-370-22

The Office of Congresswoman Mikie Sherrill is currently accepting Fall 2022
internship applications for both her Washington, D.C. and Parsippany, N.J.
offices.
Interns will have the opportunity to learn about the inner workings of the
legislative branch of government through hands-on experience. Interns will assist
the office achieve its goals by performing a variety of tasks. Some tasks may
include: research on issues; drafting memos and other written documents;
assisting staff on special projects; assisting staff with congressional programs;
directing constituents to appropriate resources; and various administrative duties
(answering phones, updating databases, etc.).
Candidates for the internship program must be undergraduate or graduate college
students, have excellent written and verbal communication skills and a strong
interest in government and public service. Women, minorities and LGBTQ+
persons are encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins.
To apply please fill out the questionnaire for either the DC or District
office: https://sherrill.house.gov/services/internships
In addition to completing the questionnaire, please email your resume and at least
one reference in PDF format to NJ11internships@mail.house.gov, with the
subject line: Office of Application (DC or District), First Name Last Name.

MEM-334-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for fall 2022. This is a hybrid position— hours are worked remotely and
in-person. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible
with Interns will working for approximately 10-16 weeks (August – November).
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
Page 14 of 15

outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.

Page 15 of 15

