________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 8, 2021

MEM-517-21

Fall Congressional Internship Opportunity:
Congressman John Garamendi (D-CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his team through the end of the year. Option to be extended into Winter 2022
intern class depending on performance.
Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal
team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending virtual hearings and
meetings, answering constituent phone calls, assisting with scheduling, sorting
and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest.
First-hand experience in Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office
provides interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the
development of public policy. Full-time candidates with California ties and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Page 1 of 33

Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-514-21

HOUSE COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS
TITLE: Legislative, Press/Digital Interns, House Committee on Veterans’
Affairs (Majority)
SUMMARY: The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’
Affairs seeks legislative and press/digital interns. Responsibilities include but are
not limited to conducting legislative research, managing and responding to
constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings for staff, compiling
press clips, drafting communications materials, and other tasks depending on the
needs of the Committee and the intern’s interests.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be
detail-oriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the Committee
and legislative process. In an effort to build a diverse and more inclusive work
environment, the Committee strongly encourages veterans, minority, women,
people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU and MSI students to
apply.
This is a paid internship that can be a full-time or part-time position. This
position is expected to be remote with the possibility of it being in-person. If the
internship transitions to fully in person, the position can continue to be remote
depending on interns’ circumstances.
To apply, fill out the online form and submit a resume and cover letter via the
following: House Veterans' Affairs Committee Democrats Internship Application
Form (google.com) Applicants who apply by November 15 will be prioritized.
Applicants will be contacted if they have been selected for an interview. If
applicants have additional questions about the internship,
contact Veterans.Internships@Mail.House.Gov.

MEM-513-21

Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney’s (NY-18) D.C. Office is seeking
congressional interns for the upcoming Spring 2022 Semester.
This internship is in-person and based in the Washington, DC office for college
sophomores and above. Hours can be modified to accommodate students' course
schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session,
and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
Qualified candidates should be organized, detail-oriented, able to multitask,
possess strong writing skills, and an interest in policy work.
Page 2 of 33

Interns’ responsibilities will vary. Responsibilities include: checking voicemails,
answering phone calls, researching legislation for the member and legislative
staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent letters on
various issues before the House. Interns will gain an understanding of the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and a brief writing sample
to ny18maloneyleg@gmail.com with the subject line “[last name] Spring Intern
Application” no later than EOD November 29, 2021. Our office is accepting
applications on a rolling basis. New York ties and a fun personality are a plus!
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are STRONGLY
encouraged to apply.
MEM-511-21

Winter Congressional Internship Opportunity:
Congressman John Garamendi (D-CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his team. Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and
phenomenal team players.
Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are
imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and
press related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending virtual
hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing sample and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-510-21

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Natural Resources is currently
seeking full-time interns for Spring 2022 (January – May).
Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we
seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Page 3 of 33

Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
eager to learn about the committee process. Interns will conduct legislative
research, prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach,
and aide communications. The position comes with a monthly stipend of $1,800
plus transit benefits.
We will consider both remote and in-person candidates. Depending on guidance
from the CDC and Office of the Attending Physician, interns may have the option
of working fully in-person in our Washington, D.C. office.
To apply, address your application materials to Anna Martin
at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring Internship
Application – First Name Last Name” by COB November 21, 2021.
Please include a (1) cover letter, (2) resume, (3) short writing sample, (4) dates of
availability, and (5) state your preference for remote or in-person work in your
application.
Applicants will be considered on a rolling basis. Due to the volume of
applications, we will only be reaching out to candidates who are being actively
considered for this position. No phone calls or drop-ins please. This posting will
be removed from the Committee’s website when the position has been filled.
Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
MEM-504-21

“The Office of Congressman Ronny Jackson is seeking interns for the
Washington D.C. Office.
College students may apply for an internship for the Spring term that runs from
January 4th to May 20th. Dates are flexible. The internship is unpaid, however,
students gain invaluable work experience. The hours are flexible to accommodate
students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
Interns' responsibilities vary, but they will be asked to answer phones, run
errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings
and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office. Texas ties are preferred but not required.
To apply, please visit Internships | Congressman Ronny Jackson (house.gov), or
email the intern coordinator, Katie Wallach, at Katie.Wallach@mail.house.gov”

Page 4 of 33

MEM-502-21

The Democratic Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks full or
part-time candidates for an internship from mid-to-late January through April
2022.
Responsibilities may include watching/attending briefings and hearings for staff,
conducting research projects, preparing materials for Committee hearings and
events, and other tasks as assigned or needed. The ideal candidate will be detailoriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have excellent writing and communications
skills. An interest in environmental, climate change, or science policy is strongly
desired and preferred. Those currently enrolled in relevant undergraduate or
graduate programs are encouraged to apply.
While this internship will start as a virtual opportunity, interns should be
available to work in-person as needed in Washington, DC for a hybrid internship
pursuant to health and safety guidelines.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with
“Winter Intern” in the subject line by November 16, 2021. Please include your
approximate months of availability in the message, and how many days per week
you would be available.
The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins please. Individuals selected for an
interview will be contacted.

MEM-500-21

Legislative Intern
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Adam B. Schiff is (CA-28) is
seeking professional, enthusiastic, and hardworking interns to assist staff with
administrative and legislative work.
The Winter/Spring term runs in-person from early January through late April and
is open to undergraduate students and recent college graduates. Interns typically
work three days per week, with flexibility to accommodate class schedules.
Interns will receive a stipend. Academic credit is also available.
Responsibilities
•Front office duties, including answering telephones, sorting mail, greeting
visitors, and assisting with the Congressman’s meetings
•Processing and drafting responses to constituent correspondence
•Attending briefings and conducting policy research as requested by legislative
staff
•Performing various other tasks to ensure the office functions smoothly
To Apply
To apply for an internship with Congressman Schiff, please:
Page 5 of 33

•Fill out the internship application form on our website
•Email a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample (with your last name in
the name of each file) to CA28.DCInternships@mail.house.gov
Please note that we always receive more applications than we can accommodate
and that applicants with ties to the 28th District are given preference. Candidates
from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Winter/Spring 2022 Application deadline: November 15, 2021
MEM-499-21

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, is seeking an energetic and
self-motivated law student for a full-time internship for Spring 2022.
The position offers the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting
and fast-paced Subcommittee, while participating directly in the oversight
process and learning about the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting staff in preparing for
congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research, drafting
memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with Executive Branch
and private sector officials. Law students play a key role in the office and will
work closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Background: The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to
investigate any matter at any time. The Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil
Liberties has jurisdiction over issues related to civil rights, civil liberties and the
equal protection of laws, including voting rights; freedom of religion, speech,
press, and assembly; equal employment; nondisclosure agreements; criminal
justice reform policies; and the Census Bureau.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. This is a fulltime position.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a
cover letter and resume to Devon.Ombres@mail.house.gov with “2022 Spring
CRCL Internship Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins
please.

Page 6 of 33

MEM-498-21

Congressman Gerald E. Connolly of Virginia’s 11th Congressional District, a
senior member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and House Committee
on Oversight and Government Reform, is seeking out new interns for the Spring
2022 Semester.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
• Constituent Services: Directly communicating with constituents, assisting the
management of incoming constituent correspondence, and drafting
correspondence in response to constituent concerns
• Legislative Research: Conducting research on a wide variety of policy issues,
drafting memos, and attending briefings and committee hearings
• Administrative Assistance: Assembling hearing materials, managing the front
office, and escorting and meeting with guests throughout the Capitol complex
• Other duties as assigned
Hours and Compensation:
Hours are flexible and based on candidate’s schedule. This is a paid internship.
All interns will receive a $2000 stipend over the course of their work.
Application Process:
Selection is based on an applicant's general office and computer experience,
interview, and a short writing sample. Please submit a cover letter, resume and a
brief writing sample to the office of your choice.
To Apply:
Please submit the following in the form of a single pdf:
1.Resume
2.A short writing sample (2-page maximum)
3.A 1-page cover letter that answers the following questions
1.What do you feel is the most important issue currently facing Virginia’s 11th
Congressional District?
2.Why are you driven to public service and what impact do you want to make on
your community?
3.Why do you wish to work for Congressman Connolly specifically?
Interns are accepted throughout the year on a part-time basis. Priority is given to
applicants with ties to the 11th District. Selection is based on an applicant's
interview, short writing sample, and relevant experience.
Deadline: December 1
Please fax or email your information to:
Washington, D.C. Office:
va11.internship@mail.house.gov
Phone: (202) 225-1492

Page 7 of 33

MEM-496-21

Spring Intern – Congressman Chris Pappas (NH-01)
The Washington, D.C. and district offices of Congressman Chris Pappas are
currently accepting applications for the Spring internship program which will run
from January to May 2022. This is an in-person internship with academic credit
and stipend opportunities. Applications for full and part-time positions will be
considered.
Serving as an intern on our team is an exciting opportunity to work closely
alongside staff and develop professional skills in a Congressional office setting.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work
cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written
communications skills.
To apply for an internship, please submit your resume, cover letter, and one short
writing sample (no longer than two pages)
to Pappas.Internships@mail.house.gov with “[Last Name] [Location: DC or
District] Internship Application – Spring 2022” in the subject line by 11:59pm,
Sunday, November 28, 2021. In your email, please also specify your dates of
availability.
For more information visit https://pappas.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-495-21

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks
interns for the upcoming Fall 2021 term. The D.C. office has two types of
internships: A Legislative Internship and a Press Internship. Due to the ongoing
threat presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, the internship is expected to be
remote for the duration of the term.
Legislative Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings,
drafting and editing constituent correspondence letters, researching legislation for
the legislative staff, and providing support for the day-to-day activities of the
office. Press Intern responsibilities include drafting social media posts, designing
graphics, conducting interview preparation for the Member, drafting and editing
constituent correspondence letters, and assisting the Press Secretary in the day-today operations of the office.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged
to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, a one-page cover letter, and 1-2 short
writing samples to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally,
applicants should indicate their expected start and end dates, availability for
Monday-Friday, and which position they are applying for (or state that you do not
Page 8 of 33

have a preference). We also ask that applicants for the Press Internship submit 13 sample graphics. Deadline to apply is 5 PM ET on Tuesday, November 30th,
2021.
MEM-494-21

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Peter DeFazio (OR-04) seeks highly
motivated full and part-time remote interns for Spring 2022. Start and end dates
are flexible.
Intern responsibilities will include but are not limited to assisting staff with
legislative, administrative, constituent relations, and press activities. Interns will:
answer phones; sort, distribute, and respond to constituent mail; attend hearings
and briefings; assist with legislative research; and participate in professional
development activities.
My office has full- and part-time internships available during the academic year
and summers. This is a paid internship. More information will be provided to
interested applicants, and arrangements may be made to earn academic credit.
Successful candidates will demonstrate that they are organized, detail-oriented,
and professional. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three professional references and a
brief writing sample to OR04.InternCoordinator@mail.house.gov. Please submit
materials as a single PDF. Candidates with Oregon ties are strongly encouraged
to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins, please. The deadline to apply is November
15th.
Please be sure to include your preferred start and end dates.

MEM-493-21

Representative Jim Costa (CA-16) is currently accepting internship applications
for the Spring of 2022 in his Washington DC, Fresno, and Merced offices.
Interns will learn about the inner workings of a congressional office while
gaining firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Qualified candidates
should be highly organized, excellent communicators, able to multitask, and have
strong writing skills.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
attending briefings and hearings, conducting legislative research, sorting mail,
and various other tasks to help to office function smoothly.
Full- and part-time candidates will be considered. This is a hybrid internship with
both in-person and remote workdays. Technology will be provided for remote
work. Opportunities for school credit are available, and a stipend will be provided
to qualifying interns. CA-16, Central Valley, and California ties are a plus.

Page 9 of 33

Interested applicants should apply on the Congressman’s
website: https://costa.house.gov/services/internships. Applicants must provide a
resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, sexual orientation, or military status. All are strongly encouraged to
apply. No calls or walk-ins.
MEM-492-21

The office of Congressman Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks highly motivated
undergraduates and recent graduates for his Washington D.C. office for the
Spring 2022 session. This is an in-person internship. District ties are strongly
preferred, but not required.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication and customer
service skills and a strong attention to detail. Primary responsibilities will include
processing correspondence, answering phones, attending briefings, performing
legislative research and analysis, drafting memos and letters, and various other
tasks.
Successful applicants should have a service-oriented attitude, strong
organizational skills, proficiency at prioritizing and managing multiple projects at
one time, and the capacity to work both independently and as part of a team.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, three references, and a
brief writing sample (with their last name in the name of each file)
to CA49.DCInternships@mail.house.gov by Tuesday, November 30, 2021.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.

MEM-488-21

Spring internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be conducted in a hybrid
format in accordance with the latest public health guidance. Internships will begin
no earlier than January 10, 2022 and extend no later than mid-May. All interns
are paid $15 per hour and provided with all necessary technology for their work.
Schedules are flexible to accommodate course schedules and academic programs;
however, a minimum availability of 15-20 hours per week is highly preferred.
Interns based in the Washington, D.C. office will focus on researching
legislation, attending hearings and constituent meetings, answering constituents’
phone calls, logging and drafting constituent correspondence, and assisting the
legislative and communications staff members on various projects.

Page 10 of 33

Interns based in the Burnsville office will focus on constituent casework,
answering constituents’ phone calls, community outreach and research, in-district
event planning, and assisting the outreach, casework, and communications staff
members on various projects. All interns will have the opportunity to work with
staff in both offices over the course of the internship.
As a result, interns will learn about the legislative process, learn about all of the
different functions of a congressional office, and gain hands-on professional
experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s Second Congressional
District. The program is easily tailored to fit interns’ policy interests and career
goals.
Successful internship candidates are effective communicators, strong writers,
proactive problem-solvers, and passionate about public service. They also are
comfortable speaking on the phone and working with the general public.
Application Instructions:
•To apply for an internship based in Rep. Craig’s Washington, D.C. office, please
submit a resume and cover letter in one PDF document,
to craig.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(Last Name) DC Fall
Internship Application.”
•To apply for an internship based in Rep. Craig’s District office in Burnsville,
please submit a resume and cover letter in one PDF document,
to craig.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(Last Name) DO Fall
Internship Application.”
•If you would like your application to be considered for both offices, please use
the subject line “(Last Name) BOTH Fall Internship Application.”
•Please include your earliest start date, latest end date, and weekly availability
between 8am and 5pm CST in your cover letter.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (including the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented
backgrounds to apply.
Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status.
For Spring 2022 internships, applications must be submitted no later than
Sunday, November 28, 2021. Late submissions will not be considered nor
accepted. If you have any questions, please contact the Washington, D.C. office
at 202-225-2271 or the Burnsville office at 651-846-2120.
MEM-485-21

Spring Intern – Congressman Earl Blumenauer (OR 03)

Page 11 of 33

Congressman Earl Blumenauer’s DC and Portland, Oregon offices seek positive,
hard-working and civically minded interns for our Spring internship program
which will run from January to April 2022.
The program will follow a hybrid format, with opportunities for both remote and
in-person work. Interns will get an in-depth look at the operations and functions
of a congressional office, including policy, communications, field representation
and constituent casework.
A stipend of $1000 to $2000/month and academic credit is available depending
on hours worked.
To apply please submit a resume, cover letter, and your availability in a single
PDF to both Eli.Bliss@Mail.House.Gov and Zoe.Walker@Mail.House.Gov by
Sunday November 28, 2021.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer, committed to developing an
organization that reflects the diversity of the district that we serve. The office
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national
origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or disability.
We encourage applications from historically underrepresented candidates,
including people of color; LGBTQ individuals; low-income, first-generation, and
non-traditional students; people with disabilities, and women.
For more information visit https://blumenauer.house.gov/services/internships
MEM-484-21

Press Internship (full-time, in-person)
The House Democratic Caucus seeks highly motivated Press interns to work fulltime, in-person in a fast-paced leadership office. Responsibilities include
compiling daily press clips, drafting preparation materials for media hits and
assisting with press-related events. The interns will report directly to the Press
Assistant.
The term of this paid internship will be from January to May 2022. Applicants
must be able to work in Washington, D.C. Ideal applicants will be able to write,
edit and proofread under tight deadlines, handle multiple assignments
simultaneously and stay on top of the news.
To apply, please send one PDF file including your resume, cover letter, one
writing sample and three professional references
to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with the subject line: “INSERT YOUR
NAME Press Spring 2021 Internship Application.”

Page 12 of 33

Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, veterans and those with
disabilities are encouraged to apply.
The deadline to submit application is Friday, November 12, 2021 at 5:00 p.m.
ET. Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-483-21

Operations Internship (full-time, in-person)
The House Democratic Caucus Office is seeking motivated, detail-oriented
Operations interns to work full-time, in-person in a fast-paced leadership office.
Intern responsibilities include:
•Managing front desk and phones;
•Provide assistance and support to Democratic Member offices;
•Support with caucus led event planning and logistics;
•Maintain and track office expenses;
•Interdepartmental projects as assigned.
The term of this paid internship will be from January to May 2022. Applicants
must be able to work in Washington, D.C. Ideal applicants must have a
professional and positive attitude, strong research and writing skills, a detailoriented work ethic, demonstrated knowledge of the House Democratic Caucus
Members, problem-solving skills and proficiency with Excel and other PC
programs.
Qualified applicants should send one PDF file including their resume, cover letter
and three professional references to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “INSERT YOUR NAME Operations Spring 2022 Internship
Application.”
Women, minorities, LGBTQIA+ individuals, veterans and those with disabilities
are encouraged to apply.
Deadline to submit applications is Friday, November 12, 2021 at 5:00 p.m. ET.
No drop-ins or calls please.

MEM-482-21

Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for the spring of 2022.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the
legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include
attending briefings, answering phones, drafting constituent correspondence
letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks.
Nevada ties are encouraged but not required.

Page 13 of 33

Please send resume, cover letter, and a letter of recommendation
to Vanessa.Schoning@mail.house.gov or apply online at https://titus.house.gov/.
MEM-481-21

The office of Congressman Mondaire Jones (NY-17) is currently accepting
energetic and self-motivated interns in the Washington D.C. and White Plains
offices for the Spring 2022 session. This is an in-person internship. High school
students will not be considered. All interns are paid at $15 per hour.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication and customer
service skills, a strong attention to detail, and a good sense of humor. Primary
responsibilities will include processing digital mail, answering phones, attending
briefings, performing legislative research and analysis, drafting memos, intaking
casework, and other tasks. District ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should complete and submit this application form. The
application requires a resume, cover letter with start/end date and hourly
availability, and a one-page writing sample compiled in a single PDF. The
deadline to submit applications for the Spring 2022 session is 11:59 EST on
Sunday, November 14th, 2021.
Individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. No phone calls, follow
ups, or drop ins, please. Candidates from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, working class,
and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants can also visit Congressman Jones's website to
apply: https://jones.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-479-21

The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated,
personable and professional legislative intern for the Winter 2022 session.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing
skills, who pay close attention to detail. Maryland ties a plus. A stipend is
available.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability
to employment@mail.house.gov. Please no calls.

MEM-477-21

Rep. Katie Porter (CA-45) seeks highly motivated undergraduates and recent
graduates for her DC office spring internship program. The ideal candidate is
highly organized, able to multitask, and has strong written and verbal
communication skills.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
• Answer incoming phone calls to log opinions, connect staffers to outside
stakeholders, and direct callers to appropriate resources
• Enter and organize incoming constituent messages from mail and voicemail into
Page 14 of 33

the IQ database
• Draft form letters responding to constituent concerns
• Respond to constituent messages through phone calls or emails as needed
• Assist legislative team with researching data and information
• Compile draft meeting memos for the legislative staff
• Track and input legislative meetings with partners, stakeholders, and
constituents, in IQ.
• Perform other duties as assigned by the DC Staff Assistant
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.
Interns are expected in the office from 9 am to 6 pm, however hours are flexible
based on a student’s course schedule. A monthly stipend is also available.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and two references
to CA45.Internship@mail.house.gov with “Spring DC Internship” in the subject
line.
The deadline for submission is Friday, November 12th.
MEM-472-21

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Ken Buck (CO-04) is currently
accepting internship applications for the Spring of 2022.
Typical duties include answering phones, leading Capitol tours, researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings,
and answering constituent letters on a variety of issues. Due to the ongoing
spread of COVID-19, some of these duties may be significantly altered.
The ideal candidate for this paid internship will be team- and detail-oriented and
have strong written and verbal communication skills.
Students and recent graduates interested in learning more about our country’s
legislative process are encouraged to apply. The Congressman sits on the
Judiciary Committee and the Foreign Affairs Committee, making this an ideal
opportunity for those interested in law and/or foreign policy. Colorado ties are
preferred but by no means required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Allie
Woodward at internships.co04@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring
2022 Internship.”
Please send all attachments as PDFs. Additionally, applicants should include their
availability as a part- or full-time intern (if part-time, please be as specific as
possible). The application deadline for this position is November 15, 2021. The
Page 15 of 33

internship will begin in early January and end in April or May, depending on
individual circumstances.
MEM-471-21

"A Conservative Congressman from Colorado is currently seeking candidates for
a paid internship for the 2022 Spring semester in our Washington D.C. office.
Interns will assist the legislative staff by conducting research, answering phones,
assisting with social media, and helping with administrative tasks. Interns will
also greet constituents and should be team-oriented and have strong
communication skills.
This internship provides a truly unique opportunity to gain experience in a fastpaced office on Capitol Hill. Qualified candidates should submit a resume and
cover letter to CO05internship@mail.house.gov with the subject line with
“Spring Internship”. Colorado ties not necessary but preferred."

MEM-468-21

The Office of Congressman Ted W. Lieu (CA-33) is now accepting applications
for our Spring 2022 Internship program in the Washington, D.C. office. This
will be a remote internship.
Candidates should be well-organized, responsible, reliable, and possess excellent
oral and written communication skills. In addition, a qualified candidate will be
generally knowledgeable of legislative issues and current events. Duties will
include answering phones, researching legislation, giving Capitol tours, attending
hearings and briefings, and assisting the Member and legislative staff with
various projects. California and/or 33rd District ties are preferred, but not
required.
Interested candidates should send all of the information listed below in an email
to the D.C. intern coordinator at lieu.staff@mail.house.gov with "Spring 2022
Legislative Internship Application" as the subject line.
The deadline for Spring applications is Friday, November 12, 2021 at 11:59pm
ET. Please call the Washington office at (202) 225-3976 with any questions or
concerns.
•Cover letter
•Resume
•Brief, 1-2 page writing sample
•A list of two professional or academic references. Letters of recommendation are
not required.
•Internship term you are applying for (Spring, Summer, or Fall) and your
availability during that time, presented as days and hours during the week in
Eastern Time.

MEM-467-21

U.S. Representative David N. Cicilline is seeking part-time, remote legal interns
for the spring 2022 semester to work with his legislative team.
Page 16 of 33

Interns will work closely with the office’s Legislative Counsel and other staff,
and duties will entail conducting legal research, drafting materials related to
hearings and votes, and providing other assistance as needed. Issue areas will
include constitutional law, oversight over federal agencies, criminal justice, gun
violence prevention, voting rights, immigration, intellectual property, privacy,
financial services, and women’s issues/reproductive rights.
This internship is open to current 2L and 3L law students in good academic
standing. Students must be able to receive academic credit for the internship and
are expected to work 2-3 days per week. This position will be completely remote
but will entail frequent communication and collaboration with Legislative
Counsel and other staff.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, individuals with disabilities, and
those with Rhode Island ties are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply, please
email a (1) resume, (2) cover letter, (3) three-to-five-page writing sample, (4)
unofficial law school transcript, and (5) list of three references with email
contacts to RI01LegalInterns@gmail.com.
Please send all application documents in a single PDF file and include “Legal
Intern Application” in the subject line.
MEM-466-21

The office of Congressman Josh Harder (CA-10) is currently accepting
applications for paid spring internships which will run from the beginning of
January to April.
Our hands-on legislative internship program offers highly motivated
undergraduates and recent graduates the opportunity to gain real-world
experience in government and politics. Over the course of their service, interns
will gain a deeper knowledge of the federal government and strengthen their
communications, writing, problem-solving, and time-management skills.
Responsibilities will vary but may include:
•Communicating with constituents through mail, email, and over the phone
•Conducting research to be used for floor speeches, memos, committee hearings,
and other legislative business
•Monitoring press coverage, current events, and House business
•Attending briefings and hearings
•Greeting office visitors and giving tours of the Capitol
•Administrative tasks as assigned
To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Josh Harder, send
your resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF
to Archibald.Fraser@mail.house.gov.

Page 17 of 33

The deadline for applying is end of day Sunday, November 14, 2021. Central
Valley ties are preferred, but not required. Please include the days and times you
will be available to intern, your desired start date, and any requirements your
school has in order for you to receive credit in your cover letter.
Please format the subject line of your email “DC Internship - First Name Last
Name - Spring.”
All individuals are encouraged to apply. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-465-21

Congresswoman Kat Cammack (R-FL-03) is seeking a Press Intern for Spring
2022 in her Washington, D.C. office.
The Press Intern will have the opportunity to observe the inner workings of a
congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of and participating in a
congressional communications operation.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting morning news clips,
developing graphics and other digital content, assisting Communications Director
and Press Secretary with executing an aggressive communications agenda, and
performing traditional intern responsibilities and constituent services.
Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic, work well under pressure, be
detail-oriented, and possess a positive attitude. Candidates with communications
experience, including digital media and strong writing skills are preferred.
Experience with Canva and Adobe Suite (Photoshop, InDesign and Premiere Pro)
are a plus. Undergraduate students and recent college graduates are preferred; ties
to Florida and/or FL-03 are a plus. Academic credit is available for qualifying
students.
Interested candidates should email, with “DC Press Intern Spring 2022- First &
Last Name” in the subject line, their resume, cover letter, two references, social
media handles, brief writing sample, and examples of their digital and design
work to fl03.internships@mail.house.gov. Deadline to apply is November 19th.

MEM-464-21

Congresswoman Kat Cammack (FL-03) is seeking interns for Spring 2022 in her
Washington, D.C. office. Interns will have the opportunity to observe the inner
workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the
legislative process.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, leading Capitol
tours, assisting staff with legislative projects, and performing other office tasks as
assigned.
Page 18 of 33

Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic, work well under pressure, be
detail-oriented, and possess a positive attitude. Undergraduate students and recent
college graduates are preferred; ties to Florida and/or FL-03 are a plus. Academic
credit is available for qualifying students.
Interested candidates should email, with “DC Intern Spring 2022-First & Last
Name” in the subject line, their resume, cover letter, two references, and social
media handles to fl03.internships@mail.house.gov. Deadline to apply is
November 19th.
MEM-463-21

Office: Congressman Tom Reed (NY-23)
Position: Internship
Description: The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Tom Reed is currently
seeking full time interns for the Spring 2022 semester. Ideal candidates should be
professional, dependable, and possess strong communication skills.
Intern responsibilities include answering phones, giving guided tours of the
Capitol, constituent correspondence, attending hearings and briefings, and other
legislative projects.
Internships are a great opportunity to gain professional and educational
experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced environment and
be interested in learning more about the legislative process. Interested applicants
should send their resumes and cover letter with the subject line “Spring 2022
Internship” to Hannah.Genovese@mail.house.gov
Requirements: Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date
and availability
Email to send resume (and other items if applicable)
to: hannah.genovese@mail.house.gov

MEM-462-21

“A Conservative Midwestern Member of Congress is seeking candidates for a
paid internship in our Washington, DC office for the Spring 2022 semester.
Candidates should be detail-oriented, a team player, have strong written and
verbal communication skills, and be eager to learn about our country’s legislative
process. Responsibilities include answering phones and constituent letters,
researching legislation, attending hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours,
and providing administrative support to the office. This position is full-time and
in the office.
Interested candidates should email their resume, cover letter, dates of availability,

Page 19 of 33

and two references to gopmidwestjobs@gmail.com no later than Friday,
November 26th.”
MEM-461-21

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Winter 2022.
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings and briefings for the legislative staff.
*Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
*Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 16 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. Please also state any ties
you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st Congressional District.
The deadline to submit applications is November 11, 2021 at 11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-460-21

The Office of Congressman Pete Aguilar will be offering in-person internships
in both DC and District Offices.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' course schedules but generally
run from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Interns will have the chance to experience a
congressional office's fast-paced atmosphere and gain valuable work experience.
This internship is an excellent opportunity for those interested in public service
and the legislative process.

Page 20 of 33

Interns will assist with tasks, including answering phones, drafting constituent
correspondence, and assisting with media clips. District Interns may be assigned
to assist in various constituent casework or work on community outreach and
grants related projects. DC Interns will also have the opportunity to attend policy
briefings and assist staff with legislative research.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, professionalism, attention to detail, and the ability to function in a fastpaced environment. Ties to CA-31 and California are strongly preferred. To
apply, please email your resume, cover letter, availability, and office preference
(DC or District) to Aguilar.Internships@mail.house.gov.
The deadline for fall submissions is November 11, 2021, at 11:59 p.m. PT.
Interviews will be conducted from November 16-23. The estimated start date for
the internship is January 10th, 2022. If you have any questions regarding the
application process, please email Aguilar.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-457-21

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Cindy Axne (IA-03) is seeking
a Press/Digital Fellow to assist with a fast-paced communications operation in
the spring of 2022.
Primary duties for the Fellow would include drafting daily social media content
(across all four major social media platforms), designing graphics and video
products, writing and editing office communications, providing research for opeds and press releases, compiling daily press clips, and other duties as needed by
the office.
Candidates with experience in digital content creation and video editing (Adobe
Creative Suite, Canva, or equivalent digital creation products) are strongly
encouraged to apply.
The fellowship is paid, and the ideal candidate will be available from January to
April.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and doesn’t discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender
identity, or disability. Iowa ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter and resume
to ian.mariani@mail.house.gov, with the subject line “Press Fellow.”

MEM-456-21

Congresswoman Cindy Axne is seeking interns in her Washington, D.C. office
for the 2022 Spring semester.
Interns will assist staff members with administrative, legislative and
communications work. Typical intern duties include answering constituent calls,
Page 21 of 33

opening and sorting constituent mail, giving tours, etc. along with working with
the Congresswoman and her staff on research and legislation.
Internships are open to undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Preference is given to applicants with Iowa or Midwestern ties. A stipend will be
provided to eligible individuals.
To apply, please visit our website at: https://axne.house.gov/services/internships
MEM-454-21

The Office of U.S. Representative Anthony G. Brown (MD-04) is currently
seeking applicants for an internship in our Washington D.C. office.
Interns will have the opportunity to interact with constituents, give tours of the
US Capitol, gain knowledge of the legislative process, engage with the
communications team and to see firsthand what it takes for a congressional office
to run.
We’re looking for college students or recent graduates who are motivated, detailorientated, and ready to work in a fast-paced setting. The ideal candidate
possesses strong organizational, communication, and writing skills, as well as the
ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure in a team
environment. A positive attitude and an interest in politics is a must.
Hours are Monday through Friday, 9:00 AM – 5:00 PM. (40 hours). Monthly
stipends are available to full time interns unless they are sponsored by an outside
organization or are planning to receive academic credit for the internship.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
Students that are interested in interning our Washington D.C. office will have
some of the following duties:
•Answering phone calls
•Data assembly and entry
•Assisting the Legislative Team with projects
•Assisting with the research and writing of constituent correspondence
•Researching issues or agency policies
•Assisting with mailing projects
•Other projects as assigned
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, short writing sample, and (2)
references to Amiri.Hill2@mail.house.gov, and indicate spring 2022 internship in
the subject.
If you have any questions about the internship opportunity program at The Office
of U.S. Representative Anthony G. Brown (MD-04), please contact Amiri Hill
at Amiri.Hill2@mail.house.gov or 202.225.8699.

Page 22 of 33

MEM-453-21

The Office of Rep. Lori Trahan is currently accepting applications for our Spring
2022 Internship program! District ties are preferred but not required.
Candidates who demonstrate strong oral and written communication skills, the
ability to multi-task in a fast-paced work environment, and an interest in public
service are encouraged to apply.
Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m with the option of full-time and part-time
positions.
Spring 2022 Application deadline: November 21, 2021
General Internship
In Washington, D.C., interns’ responsibilities include answering phones,
researching legislation, attending virtual hearings and briefings, and answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns will also assist in
various administrative tasks as needed. As a result, interns learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Press Internship
In Washington D.C., press interns assist the driven press team. Duties include
developing social media content, drafting press releases, sorting press clips,
creating digital content, and assisting the team with a variety of projects as
needed. Interns will work closely with communications staffers and learn about
the press operation of a congressional office.
Candidates should have a foundation of technical knowledge on social media
platforms. Experience in studying Communications, Journalism, or Public
Relations is a plus. Submission of a sample graphic with application materials is
recommended but not required.
District Office (Located in Lowell, MA)
In the District, intern responsibilities include answering phones, answering
constituent letters on various issues, assisting with resolving constituent
casework, researching daily press clips, and drafting memos as needed. Interns
will gain a comprehensive knowledge of Massachusetts’ 3rd District, as well as
the services the District Office provides.
Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m with the option of full-time and part-time
positions.
To Apply
You may only apply to one office each session. Previous applicants are

Page 23 of 33

encouraged to re-apply. All applications must be submitted through the online
application: https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/
In addition to the online application, please email your Cover Letter (PDF) &
Resume (PDF) to the following:
D.C. Office-General Internship & District Office Internship: Jacky Alvarado
(Jacqueline.Alvarado@mail.house.gov)
D.C. Office-Press Internship: Yael Sheinfeld (Yael.Sheinfeld@mail.house.gov)
The office is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to
be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, gender identity, religion, sexual orientation, age,
disability, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status under
applicable laws. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds to apply.
MEM-447-21

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic applicants for legislative internships in the
Washington, DC office for the Spring of 2022.
Qualified applicants should have strong communications skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. Interns will be provided with computers to complete official work.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Scanning voicemails, processing electronic constituent mail, assisting legislative
staff with research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing
preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other
duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning in January,
2022. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample
to Caitlin.Reedy@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter.

MEM-446-21

The Office of Congressman Ami Bera, M.D. (D-CA) seeks professional,
hardworking, and enthusiastic students or recent graduates for a winter/spring
2021 hybrid in-person/remote congressional internship.
Interns will answer phone calls, attend briefings and hearings, research
legislation, draft policy memos, compile press clips, help with constituent
relations, and assist with front office operations. Applicants should possess
excellent written and oral communication, and proficiency in Microsoft Office
programs. A stipend is available for eligible interns. District or CA ties preferred .

Page 24 of 33

Please send resume and cover letter to bera.resume@mail.house.gov. Please
indicate availability in your application.
MEM-444-21

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks interns for his Washington office in
the spring. Texas connections a plus.
Send resume, brief writing sample, and three references
to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use the subject line: Spring Internship
Application. No drop-ins please.

MEM-435-21

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild (PA-07) is seeking full or part-time
interns to assist her legislative and press teams in Washington, D.C. for
Winter/Spring 2022.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with
availability beginning in January. Intern responsibilities include answering
constituent phone calls, compiling press clips, and assisting staff with projects in
a wide array of issue areas. Candidates should possess strong oral and written
communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a
good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties are strongly encouraged
to apply.
TO APPLY, please e-mail a resume and cover letter including policy areas of
interest, desired start date, and availability to wildinterns@gmail.com.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis; deadline to apply is Monday,
November 22, 2021.

MEM-433-21

Congressman Conor Lamb (PA-17) has openings for full and part-time
congressional interns for his Washington, D.C. office during the Spring of 2022.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with
availability beginning in January, and a preference for those who can stay at least
three months. Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls,
leading tours of the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, and assisting staff with
projects in diverse issue areas.
Candidates should be outgoing and possess strong oral and written
communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, and a
good sense of humor. Candidates with Pennsylvania ties and customer service
experience are strongly encouraged to apply. There is a stipend and transit
benefits available for qualifying candidates.
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter including desired start date and
availability to lamb.tours@mail.house.gov.

Page 25 of 33

MEM-432-21

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is
seeking full-time and part-time paid interns for the Spring 2022 term. This is
currently a hybrid in-person/remote position that is subject to change based on
CDC guidelines.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings/hearings, performing
legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects. Ideal
candidates should be professional and possess excellent communication skills, a
strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public service and progressive
values.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample,
three references, and availability to Diego.Sanchez@mail.house.gov with the
subject “First Name.Last Name Internship Application.” Applications will be
accepted on a rolling basis until Sunday, November 29th. Incomplete or late
applications will not be accepted.

MEM-431-21

District Office – Spring Internships
The Lacey Office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently
accepting applications for a paid, in-person/remote spring internship (JanuaryMay).
Interns will be asked to answer phones, assist the constituent services team,
attend virtual events, research projects, and aid our press team, Congresswoman,
and district staff. As a result, interns learn about constituent services and
engagement and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention
to detail, customer service skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. South Puget Sound ties are preferred, but not
required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a PDF format
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “WA10 District Office Intern” in the subject
line. The deadline for applications is Friday, November 19, 2021. Applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early.

Page 26 of 33

This office is Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national
origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age,
military service, or other non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants are encouraged to
apply. Please no unsolicited phone calls or drop ins.
MEM-430-21

DC Office – Spring Internships
The office of Representative Marilyn Strickland (WA-10) is currently accepting
applicants for paid spring internships which will run from January to May.
Legislative Interns assist the legislative staff located in Washington D.C. in
conducting research, drafting memos and constituent mail, answering phones,
attending hearings, inputting casework, attending virtual events, aiding
Congresswoman Strickland’s legislative initiatives.
The office is also looking to hire a press intern to assist the press team.
Responsibilities include compiling clips, drafting social media posts, op-eds,
press releases, digital content and working with the press team to devise media
strategies and bolster the office’s communication efforts. Experience working in
press, communications, or a related field is a plus.
Ideal candidates for these internships should possess excellent communication
skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and a good sense of humor. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability in a single PDF document
to WA10resumes@gmail.com with “WA10 DC Spring Internship” in the subject
line. Please indicate in the cover letter which internship you are applying for.
The deadline for applications is Friday, November 19, 2021 but applicants are
encouraged to submit their application early. Applications that are incomplete or
submitted after the deadline will not be considered.
This office is Equal Employment Opportunity Office and does not discriminate in
employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national
origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age,
military service, or other non-merit factor. BIPOC applicants and individuals in
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply. Please no unsolicited
phone calls or drop ins.

MEM-429-21

Representative Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is seeking paid full-time and part-time
interns for his congressional office in Washington D.C. for the Spring of 2022.

Page 27 of 33

Intern responsibilities will include answering phones, writing constituent letters,
researching legislation, attending hearings and briefings, and giving Capitol
Tours if the Capitol re-opens to visitors during the internship. As a result, interns
will learn about the legislative process and the various functions of a
congressional office.
The office hours are 9:00 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday through Friday. Applicants
should be at least 18 years of age before the start of their internship and must be a
U.S. Citizen or living in the U.S. legally.
To apply for this internship, please submit your resume, cover letter
to ar04internship@gmail.com by November 19, 2021, with Spring 2022 in the
subject line.
MEM-426-21

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking Spring interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned. Successful
candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working, detailoriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player.
Nevada ties are strongly preferred. Nevada residents will be eligible for a
monthly stipend. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Spring Intern” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-420-21

The Office of Representative Andy Harris (MD-01) is seeking full-time and parttime interns for the spring 2022 semester in the D.C., Kent Island, and Salisbury
offices.
Duties will include but are not limited to answering constituent calls, assisting in
sorting and distributing mail, performing research and assisting the legislative
team, attending briefings, and administrative work as needed.
Candidates should be interested in public policy and be detail-oriented,
motivated, organized, and willing to learn. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. Maryland ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample in PDF format
to MD01jobopenings@mail.house.gov and include “Harris Internship – Spring
2022” in the subject line. No phone calls please.

MEM-419-21

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Spring 2022 internship program.
Page 28 of 33

The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other congressional
offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability
to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.
MEM-418-21

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks
full-time and part time, paid interns for Spring 2022. Interns are asked to work
with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups and will work on
substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters.
Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including
tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Internship Description/Duties:
This position will be a combination of telework and in-office work as safety and
logistics permit. Interns will be given an opportunity to work on substantive
projects under the direction of Committee Staff while also serving a general
administrative function.
Typical Intern Duties include working closely with staff to complete long-term or
short-term projects, preparing research memos on scientific topics, supporting
staff in the preparation of Committee hearing materials, and participating in
events related to the Committee’s jurisdiction.

Page 29 of 33

Qualification/Skills:
Candidate should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, have a strong appreciation for situational awareness, be
able to multitask, and be adaptable to a fast-paced environment. An interest in
topics relevant to the committee’s jurisdiction is preferred.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website
at https://science.house.gov/contact/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-417-21

The Office of Congressman Paul Tonko (NY-20) is seeking candidates for Spring
internships in our Washington, D.C. and Albany offices.
Interns will work with legislative and casework staff to learn about all operations
of a congressional office. Applicants should have strong oral and written
communication skills, as well as be passionate about public service, eager to
learn, and detail oriented. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities may include:
- Answering phones
- Writing letters to constituents on a variety of policy topics
- Assisting constituents with matters related to federal agencies
- Researching legislation for the Member and staff
- Attending hearings and briefings
Stipends are offered in accordance with availability. Applications will be
considered on a rolling basis through Friday, November 19.
To apply for an internship in our Washington, D.C. office, please email a cover
letter, resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to Bayley
Connors at bayley.connors@mail.house.gov by November 19, 2021 with the
subject line, "Spring Internship: DC".
To apply for an internship in our Albany office, please email a cover letter,
resume, 1-3 page writing sample, and dates of availability to Bayley Connors
at bayley.connors@mail.house.gov by November 19, 2021 with the subject line,
"Spring Internship: Albany”.

MEM-415-21

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking a full-time in-person
intern in the Washington D.C. office to begin as soon as possible.
The intern will work mainly with D.C.-based staff, performing legislative and
administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience.
Specific duties include drafting and sorting constituent correspondence, attending

Page 30 of 33

virtual policy briefings, performing legislative research, producing daily press
clips, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong written communication skills,
and are committed to public service. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample
to Maura.Haydin@mail.house.gov with “Pocan Internship - Fall 2021” in the
subject line. Interested applicants should also apply to the scholarship program
at: https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program
MEM-414-21

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full-time in-person
interns in the Washington D.C. office to begin in January.
The intern will work mainly with D.C.-based staff, performing legislative and
administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience.
Specific duties include drafting and sorting constituent correspondence, attending
virtual policy briefings, performing legislative research, producing daily press
clips, and supporting staff members on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong written communication skills,
and are committed to public service. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample
to Maura.Haydin@mail.house.gov with “Pocan Internship - Spring 2021” in the
subject line. Interested applicants should also apply to the scholarship program
at: https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program.

MEM-413-21

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for
interns for the Spring 2022 semester.
Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and
administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press
clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research,
drafting memoranda and other written materials, facilitating committee operations
and a variety of other tasks.
Candidates should be team-oriented, resourceful, upbeat people who have skills
beyond research and require little supervision. This internship is open to
undergraduates (juniors and seniors), recent graduates, and Master’s and law
students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Page 31 of 33

If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a one-page
resume and cover letter in PDF format to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and
include “HFAC Internship Application – Spring 2022” in the subject line of the
email.
MEM-412-21

The office of Representative Kai Kahele (HI-02) is currently accepting
applications for Spring interns in both his Hilo, Hawaiʻi and D.C. offices from
January to May 2022.
Hawaiʻi District Office interns will be asked to answer phones, sort mail, research
legislation and stakeholder meetings, assist staff with constituent casework and
outreach activities and perform administrative work as assigned. As a result,
interns will have the opportunity to learn about constituent services and the
functions of a congressional district office.
D.C. Office interns will be asked to answer phones, research legislation, attend
virtual hearings and briefings and draft memos for the Congressman and
legislative staff. As a result, interns will have the opportunity to learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional D.C. office.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention
to detail and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment. We highly
encourage college students and recent graduates to apply. Students in high school
are only eligible to apply for our Summer term. Hawai‘i ties are strongly
preferred, but not required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+, unhoused people, and
members of other marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should apply on the Congressman’s website
at https://kahele.house.gov/services/internships. The deadline for applications is
Friday, November 26 at 5:00pm EST. Applicants are encouraged to submit their
application early. Applications that are incomplete or submitted after the deadline
will not be considered.

MEM-406-21

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester is currently seeking energetic and selfmotivated interns for her Washington, DC and Wilmington offices for the Spring
2022 term. This is a paid internship. This is currently a hybrid in-person/remote
position that is subjected to change based on CDC guidelines.

Page 32 of 33

Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, strong writing skills, a passion for public service, and a good
sense of humor.
Primary responsibilities include answering phones, researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House of Representatives.
Delaware ties are preferred, but not required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Interested candidates should send a
resume, a cover letter that describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman
Blunt Rochester, and 2 references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov, indicating
the office (DC or Wilmington) and the term you are applying for in the subject
line. For example: “DC Spring 2020 Internship.” Applications are due on
November 30th, 2021

Page 33 of 33

