________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 8, 2016

MEM-056-16

The Washington, D.C. office of Representative Buddy Carter (GA-01) is
currently seeking applicants for the spring semester. Internships are available to
qualified college students seeking college credit or recent college graduates.
Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to
participants as well as an understanding of our federal legislative process.
Georgia ties are preferred, but they are not required. Responsibilities include but
are not limited to: providing tours of the Capitol, answering phones, helping staff
process constituents’ mail and inquiries. Other responsibilities may include
assisting staff with legislative research, writing meeting briefings, and attending
committee hearings. Candidates should possess an interest in the legislative
process, strong communication skills, along with motivation and organization. If
you are interested in being considered for an internship, please send your resume,
cover letter, and any relevant writing samples to
Hart.Thompson@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.

MEM-055-16

Democratic Leadership Office seeks highly motivated, part-time or full time
interns. Intern responsibilities include administrative duties and a few legislative
duties as necessary. Administrative support includes sorting mail, preparing
Page 1 of 14

briefing binders, setting up events, and other special projects as assigned by staff.
The position requires the ability to multitask, strong organizational skills, and a
desire to work in a fast-paced environment. The internship is unpaid, but interns
will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience in a Democratic Leadership office.
Please send a resume and cover letter to deminternship2016@gmail.com. Please
no drop bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.
MEM-054-16

The Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee on the majority side
of the House Foreign Affairs Committee is seeking an intern for May to August
to handle administrative and some policy duties in the office. Duties will include
answering phones, handling logistics for hearings, conducting research, and
drafting statements.
Qualified candidates will have a foreign policy background, possess excellent
writing and communication skills, and be well-organized, responsible, and detailoriented.
All interested applicants should e-mail their cover letter, resume, and a 2-5 page
writing sample to tnthfac@gmail.com by February 12, 2016. Cover letters should
include the applicant's anticipated availability for the duration of the internship;
writing samples may be excerpts of larger works. No walk-ins or phone calls
please.

MEM-053-16

Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) is currently accepting applications for
his Spring and Summer 2016 internship program in his Washington, D.C. and
Hot Springs offices. He is seeking highly qualified candidates who are motivated,
detail-oriented, and personable. The ideal candidates will have excellent research
and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and interact well with constituents.
Interns will have the opportunity to experience working on Capitol Hill, learn
about the legislative process, and attend briefings of interest. In the DC office,
responsibilities will include answering the phone, giving tours of the Capitol,
assisting with constituent correspondence, and supporting the legislative and
communication staff on various projects. Although internships are unpaid, the
office is happy to fill out any necessary forms for students to receive credit at
their respective college or university. Arkansas ties are preferred, but not
required. Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
Jordan.Garcia@mail.house.gov.

MEM-052-16

Democratic Member of Congress on the Energy & Commerce Committee seeks
full-time or part-time unpaid Congressional interns to begin immediately. The
responsibilities of a Congressional intern primarily focus on helping the
Congressman communicate with his 700,000-plus constituents. Interns will assist
the team with phones, mail, tours of the U.S. Capitol Building, and related front
office duties. Additional tasks, including drafting correspondence, research
projects, and attending hearings may be assigned on a case by case basis.
Page 2 of 14

Candidates should possess excellent communication skills (both verbal and
written) and an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress.
Ideal candidates are positive, energetic, and eager to assist with the legislative
and administrative needs of the staff. Pacific Northwest ties are preferred. Please
send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
andy.hackbarth@mail.house.gov.
MEM-049-16

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidate must
possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional. Intern will work
directly with the communications director and members of the media.
Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media and
developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide
professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing
intern to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of
their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged
to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com.
No phone calls, please.

MEM-046-16

Southern California Democrat seeks a full-time, unpaid Communications Intern
for Summer 2016 to support dynamic press operation. Primary responsibilities
include: create social media content and graphics; draft press releases and talking
points; plan and execute DC and San Diego press events; cut and edit videos;
organize and track photos; compile press clips and track coverage.
Candidates must have strong writing and social media skills and demonstrate
sound political instincts. California residents or those with strong ties to San
Diego encouraged to apply. Please send a cover letter, resume, writing and social
media/ graphic samples to ca52internship@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Communications Intern CA52.” Deadline to apply is February 28th.

MEM-045-16

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Summer 2016. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are
preferred. Candidates should be prepared to work a minimum of 10 hours per
week. Please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample (1-2 pages), and times
available (start and end dates as well as days per week) to
CA52Internship@mail.house.gov with “LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, CA52
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-043-16

Democratic Leadership Office seeks highly motivated, part-time or full time
Page 3 of 14

interns. Intern responsibilities include administrative duties and a few legislative
duties as necessary. Administrative support includes sorting mail, preparing
briefing binders, setting up events, and other special projects as assigned by staff.
The position requires the ability to multitask, strong organizational skills, and a
desire to work in a fast-paced environment. The internship is unpaid, but interns
will gain valuable Capitol Hill experience in a Democratic Leadership office.
Please send a resume and cover letter to deminternship2016@gmail.com. Please
no drop-ins, phone calls, or emailing staff members.
MEM-041-16

The Republican Office of The Committee on House Administration seeks
energetic and self-motivated individuals for the committee’s paid 2016 Summer
Internship Program. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Intern responsibilities include assisting with the
Intern Lecture Series, answering phones, aiding in the execution of daily events
and meetings, filing and scanning committee documents, and assisting staff with
various projects. The ideal candidate would have excellent communications
skills, be detail oriented, and work well as part of a team. Interested applicants
should apply before March 10, 2016 at
http://cha.house.gov/internshipapplication.

MEM-040-16

Congressman John K. Delaney (MD-6) seeks full time press intern for Spring
2016. Press intern will work directly with Communications Director. Ideal
candidate must possess strong writing skills and ability to work in fast-paced
environment. Experience with graphic design and database management is a plus.
Responsibilities include drafting releases and related press materials, monitoring
social media, research and staffing events. Position is unpaid but a successful
candidate will have opportunity for promotion. No calls or drop-ins, applicants
should send resume and writing sample to will.mcdonald@mail.house.gov.
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.

MEM-038-16

The Office of Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster (NH-02) is seeking qualified
candidates to intern full time and part time in our Washington, D.C. office this
summer. Interns will have a chance to experience first-hand the operations of a
U.S. Congressional office, learn about the legislative process, and gain Capitol
Hill experience.
Responsibilities include administrative tasks such as answering phones,
welcoming guests, and leading constituent tours. In addition, interns will be
required to conduct legislative research, draft constituent correspondence and
vote recommendations, attend briefings and hearings, and other projects as
needed.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
Page 4 of 14

organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to the Northeast—especially New
Hampshire—are preferred, but not required.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter,
resume, writing sample, and references to NH02.Internship@mail.house.gov.
Please include “Last Name, First Name - Internship Application” in the subject
line and include your available start and end dates and weekly schedule in the
email.
MEM-037-16

The office of a Republican North Carolina Congressman is seeking applicants for
a full-time internship starting immediately. The individual should be able to
multi-task and be prepared to work in a fast-paced office. Some responsibilities
include answering phones, attending briefing, guiding tours of the Capitol,
assisting with constituent correspondence and mail, and working on various
projects for the staff. North Carolina ties are encouraged, but not required. In
order to apply, please send capitolhill67@gmail.com a resume and cover letter
with “Intern Application” in the subject line.

MEM-036-16

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
spring. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor,
interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to
multi-task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities
include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to
constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office
duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
short writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-035-16

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting
and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned.
The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and two writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject
“Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-034-16

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available immediately full-time and parttime internships in his Little Rock, Arkansas, and Conway, Arkansas offices.
Interns will have the opportunity to work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S.
Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, answering constituent phone
Page 5 of 14

calls, opening and sorting mail, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct research, assist with
correspondence, and attend press and other events.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be able to
work both independently and as part of a team. Successful intern candidates will
demonstrate a positive attitude, strong work ethic, dedication to constituent
service, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates also
should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics along with
social media and other communications experience. Arkansas ties are strongly
preferred.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.
MEM-033-16

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available immediately full-time and parttime legislative press internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Interns will
work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the communications process and the U.S. Congress.
Intern responsibilities include working directly with our communications team,
greeting constituents, answering constituent phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with administrative
tasks. Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research and
assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional
hearings, and press events.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be able to
work both independently and as part of a team. Successful intern candidates will
demonstrate a positive attitude, strong work ethic, dedication to constituent
service, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates also
should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics along with
social media and other communications experience. Arkansas ties are strongly
preferred.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.

MEM-032-16

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) has available immediately full-time and parttime legislative internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Interns will have the
opportunity to work in a fast-paced Capitol Hill office, gaining valuable exposure
and knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress.
Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, answering constituent phone
calls, opening and sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building tours, and assisting
staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct
Page 6 of 14

legislative research and assist with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be able to
work both independently and as part of a team. Successful intern candidates will
demonstrate a positive attitude, strong work ethic, dedication to constituent
service, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates also
should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics. Social
media and other communications experience are a plus, and Arkansas ties are
strongly preferred.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.
MEM-031-16

The Office of Congressman Jody Hice is seeking 2016 Spring Interns.
Applicants should be motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individual with
excellent oral and written communication skills. Individuals should demonstrate
strong interpersonal skills and ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong
computing skills, and have a sound work ethic. Intern responsibilities include but
are not limited: to answering and screening telephone calls, greeting constituents
and visitors, giving tours of the Capitol, monitoring media hits, writing
constituent letters, assisting with the planning, preparation and execution of
Member events and appearances, assisting staff with special projects, research
and assignments, and other duties as necessary. Although the internship is unpaid,
interns will gain valuable firsthand experience in a Congressional setting. Hours
are flexible, and can be shaped around class and work commitments. Interested
applicants should fill out the application below and send their Resume and Cover
letter to: Nadgey.Louis-Charles@mail.house.gov. In the subject Line please put
First Name Last Name: Internship Application.

MEM-026-16

Arizona Republican is seeking spring semester interns for his Washington D.C.
office. Duties of interns include answering telephones, greeting visitors,
conducting tours, sorting mail, and assisting staff members with projects as
needed. Applicants should be organized, should have strong time management
and writing skills, and should be able to complete tasks with minimal supervision.
Arizona ties and previous Hill experience a plus but not required.
Please send a cover letter, one-page resume, and a two- to three-page writing
sample to GOPinternshipAZ@gmail.com with “Internship Application” in the
subject line. No phone calls please.

MEM-025-16

Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks full time hard working intern for
Winter/Spring 2016. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering
phone calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours,
attending various briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication
Page 7 of 14

skills, ability to work in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest
in learning more about the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
Brian.Cusack@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.
MEM-022-16

The office of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (IN-02) is seeking a full-time
communications intern for her Washington D.C. office for Spring of 2016. Ideal
candidate must possess strong writing skills, be detail-oriented and professional.
Intern will work directly with the communications director and members of the
media. Responsibilities would include writing releases, monitoring social media
and developing media strategies. Position is unpaid and serves to provide
professional and educational value to participants. Office is flexible in allowing
interns to attend hearings and briefings as well as work with LA’s on issues of
their interest. Potential applicants must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
Candidates with photography and graphic design experience strongly encouraged
to apply.
Please send resume and cover letter to internship.in02@gmail.com. No phone
calls, please.

MEM-017-16

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) is seeking unpaid full-time and part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be motivated,
flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability, and a
preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a plus,
but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
1-2 page writing sample to michelle.serrato@mail.house.gov

MEM-014-16

Louisiana Republican Congressman Ralph Abraham (LA-05) is seeking
motivated and hardworking interns to fill positions immediately. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Candidates
should possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing
to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Louisiana ties
are a plus but not required. If you are a student we are happy to work with your
college or university to arrange for academic credit. Please send a résumé and
Page 8 of 14

cover letter in PDF form to LA05.Intern@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the
subject line.
MEM-010-16

The Office of Congresswoman Marcia L. Fudge is looking for a motivated
unpaid press intern in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern responsibilities
include assisting the staff with general office duties, attending briefings and
hearings, assisting communications team with research and writing support,
compiling news clips, drafting press releases, developing copy for the web,
answering phones, sorting mail, and giving Capitol tours. Applicants must
possess strong writing and communication skills, have a positive attitude and be
well-organized. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resumé, and
writing sample to District11resumes@mail.house.gov.Ohio ties preferred, but not
required. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-009-16

The office of Representative Marcia L. Fudge is looking for a motivated unpaid
intern in the Washington, D.C. office. Intern responsibilities include assisting
the staff with general office duties, attending briefings and hearings, answering
phones, sorting mail, giving Capitol tours, and performing various other tasks as
assigned. Applicants must possess strong communication skills, have a positive
attitude and be well-organized. Interested candidates should send a cover
letter, résumé, and writing sample to District11resumes@mail.house.gov. Ohio
ties preferred, but not required. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-008-16

The Washington, DC office of a Senior North Carolina Congressman seeks
applicants for a paid full-time internship. The office is looking for a highly
motivated intern that can start in January. The individual should be able to multitask and be prepared to work in a fast-paced office. Some responsibilities include
attending briefings, answering phones, guiding tours of the Capitol, assisting with
constituent correspondence and mail, and working on various projects for the
staff as needed. North Carolina ties are encouraged, but not required. In order to
apply, please send capitolhill45@gmail.com a resume and cover letter with “NC
Intern Application” in the subject line.

MEM-007-16

The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for
Summer 2016 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will
have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting
with phone inquiries and providing support to all Committee staff. Background in
science a plus. To apply, please send resume and cover letter to
bess.larson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-006-16

House Judiciary Committee Democratic press office seeks self-motivated, detailPage 9 of 14

oriented and highly energetic part-time press intern for spring 2016. Duties
include, but are not limited to:
·
·
·
·
·
·
·

Compiling daily news clips
Issue tracking and research
Drafting media releases and statements
Maintaining media lists
Conceptualizing social media content and graphic designs
Basic website maintenance
Special event support

A background in journalism or communications and special skills such as
photography, video editing and graphic design a plus, but not required.
Undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates, are encouraged
to apply. Michigan ties are a plus. Start and end dates are flexible. This
internship is unpaid, but the office will accommodate applicants seeking to earn
academic credit. Please submit a one page resume, a short writing sample, and a
cover letter that includes date and hours of availability
to HouseJudiciaryDems@gmail.com. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-005-16

Democratic Member of Congress seeks full-time or part-time unpaid
Congressional interns to begin immediately. The responsibilities of a
Congressional intern primarily focus on helping the Congressman communicate
with his 700,000-plus constituents. Interns will assist the team with phones, mail,
tours of the U.S. Capitol Building, and related front office duties. Additional
tasks, including drafting correspondence, research projects, and attending
hearings may be assigned on a case by case basis.
Candidates should possess excellent communication skills (both verbal and
written) and an understanding of the functions of the United States Congress.
Ideal candidates are positive, energetic, and eager to assist with the legislative
and administrative needs of the staff. West Coast ties are preferred. Please send a
resume, cover letter, and writing sample to andy.hackbarth@mail.house.gov.

MEM-004-16

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill winter/spring internship
positions. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting
legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and
congressional affairs. Spanish-fluency, California ties, and full-week availability
are all plusses. Please send a résumé, cover letter, a short writing sample (no
longer than one page), and dates of availability to jhostyn.duval@mail.house.gov
with “Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-003-16

Midwest Democrat is seeking interns available for an immediate start for the
Page 10 of 14

spring 2016 semester. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office,
gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the legislative process and the
United States Congress. Interns will have the opportunity to conduct legislative
research, assist with correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will
also include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
This internship is unpaid.
Interns must have a good attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and
oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information
with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a
team, and have strong attention to detail. Applicants should have working
knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as an interest in American
Government, fiscal issues, education and reproductive rights. Wisconsin ties a
plus.
Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00
pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to
Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov ASAP.
MEM-002-16

Energetic New York Democrat is seeking a highly motivated legislative intern to
join his Washington, DC office for a part time unpaid internship this
spring. Candidates should possess a professional and courteous demeanor,
interest in the legislative process, excellent communication skills, the ability to
multi-task, attention to detail, and a sense of humor. Main responsibilities
include, but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, responding to
constituent correspondence, assisting with flag requests, and general office
duties. Candidates with New York ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, and a
short writing sample to NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Equal opportunity
employer. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-001-16

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting
and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned.
The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and two writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject
“Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-450-15

Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his Leadership
office. Responsibilities include (but are not limited to) transcribing videos,
collecting press clips, live-streaming briefings, supporting the Operations team in
preparing Caucus events, answering phones, providing constituency outreach
support to Democratic Members of Congress and their staff, conducting research,
Page 11 of 14

extracting and formatting large quantities of data, writing detailed memos,
attending relevant briefings and meetings, and assisting with team projects.
Applicants should be motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent verbal and
written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multi-task.
Experience or interest in social media is a plus. Women and minorities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic credit or
congressional internship/fellowship program participants. The intern should be
prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please send a cover
letter and resume to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-447-15

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns to fill spring positions. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful
candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. California
ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter and dates of availability
to Andrew.Heineman@mail.house.govwith “Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-442-15

California Democrat is seeking hardworking interns for the Spring 2016
internship session. Interns will conduct legislative research, compile press clips,
assist with front office operations, help with constituent relations, coordinate and
conduct tours, and learn from staff about the day-to-day operations of a
congressional office. Ideal candidates will be hardworking, creative, critical
thinkers with a good sense of humor. Strong communications and writing skills
are crucial. Northern California ties are preferred, but not required. Please submit
a cover letter, brief writing sample, and resume to bera.resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-441-15

The Washington office of Rep. Mark Sanford (SC-01) seeks applicants for
fulltime, unpaid, internships to begin immediately. Applicants should possess
strong writing skills, be well organized, generally knowledgeable of legislative
and related issues, able to complete tasks as directed, and have an eye for detail.
Main duties include answering telephones, logging constituent calls, giving tours
of the Capitol to visitors, opening and sorting mail, and assisting with other
administrative tasks. Interns will have many opportunities to take on additional
responsibilities within the office, at the discretion of staff. Anyone interested
should send a resume and cover letter to SC01InternApplicants@mail.house.gov.

MEM-439-15

Florida Democrat is seeking a full-time, unpaid press intern for the Washington,
Page 12 of 14

D.C. office, starting immediately. The ideal candidate is detail-oriented,
motivated, and able to multi-task efficiently. Applicants should possess strong
written and oral communication skills. Preference will be given to candidates
with Florida ties and those who speak Spanish.
Daily responsibilities may include:
• Updating website content;
• Compiling daily press clips;
• Video filming and editing;
• Conducting research projects;
• Drafting press materials (including e-newsletters, background information, and
press releases);
• Assisting with press events; and
• Transcribing interviews
This is an excellent opportunity for a candidate to gain substantive press
experience with an extremely active Member. Please email a one-page writing
sample, résumé, and cover letter (all in .PDF format) addressing prior press
experience or interests, to DCInternships.Grayson@mail.house.gov. Please use
“Press Intern Application” in the subject line.
MEM-437-15

Congressman Fincher is currently seeking motivated college students to serve as
interns for the 2016 Spring semester in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern
responsibilities include: assisting the staff with general office duties, attending
briefings and hearings, answering phones, sorting mail, giving Capitol tours, and
performing various other tasks based on ability and interests. Applicants must
possess strong communication skills, have a positive attitude and be wellorganized. Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
TN08.Intern@mail.house.gov. Tennessee ties preferred.

MEM-436-15

Congressman Perlmutter offers internships throughout the fall, spring and
summer semesters for high school or college students. Students have the
opportunity to learn about the inner workings of a congressional office to
supplement their related course work. Students must receive some form of
academic credit for their internship. Interns are responsible for working with their
academic department and advisors to receive credit and comply with all other
internship guidelines set by their educational institution.
Please submit a cover letter and resume if you are interested in an internship to
Julia.harrington@mail.house.gov if you would like to intern in our DC office.
In Washington, the hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course
schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session,
and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Interns' responsibilities will vary
from day to day. They will be asked to research legislation for the Member and
Page 13 of 14

legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings answer phones, and help with
constituent communications on various issues before the House. As a result,
interns learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office. If you would like more information on Congressional
Internships in Washington, DC, please contact Julia Harrington at
Julia.Harrington@mail.house.gov.
MEM-435-15

Washington, D.C. — The House Democratic Caucus is looking for a full-time press
intern for the spring semester with availability, beginning in
January 2016. Responsibilities include assisting with press clips, video production and
editing, graphic design, tracking metrics, transcribing interviews and supporting team
projects. Applicants should be self-starters, motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent
verbal and written communication skills, and be able to problem solve and multitask.
Experience in Adobe Suite or other design software and proficiency in Spanish highly
preferred. Experience and interest in press operations and the congressional process is a
plus. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students or Congressional internship program
participants. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter detailing
availability to Miranda.Margowsky@mail.house.gov.

MEM-434-15

The office of Congressman Jim Costa is seeking interns who are interested in gaining
hands-on experience in a congressional office. In our Washington office, internships
allow individuals to actively observe the legislative process while participating in the
administrative operations of a congressional office. Intern responsibilities include
attending hearings, researching legislative issues, responding to constituent inquiries,
processing tour and flag requests, opening and routing incoming mail, giving tours of the
Capitol, and performing general office duties.
Please email a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
Resumes.CostaInterns@mail.house.gov.

MEM-433-15

Florida Democrat is seeking interns for the Washington, D.C. office for the
Spring 2016 semester. Candidates should be motivated, enthusiastic, and possess
strong interpersonal skills. The internship will provide exposure to all areas of a
legislative office. Interns will be responsible for assisting the team with phones,
tour and flag requests, and other related front office duties. Additional tasks may
include drafting constituent correspondence, research projects, and attending
briefings and hearings. This is a great opportunity for individuals who are
interested in learning about the workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative
process in a busy office. Please email a cover letter and résumé in .PDF format to
DCInternships.Grayson@mail.house.gov. In your message, indicate your
specific full-time OR part-time availability with your anticipated starting and
ending dates.

Page 14 of 14

