________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 7, 2022

MEM-112-22

Congressman Josh Harder (CA-10) seeks an organized and detail-oriented
Scheduling Fellow for his D.C. office.
This person will report to the Operations Director and will be responsible for
managing all aspects of the Member’s Washington, D.C. daily schedule; staffing
the Member; making travel arrangements; organizing and responding to incoming
DC scheduling requests; managing the Member’s time in a productive and timely
manner; and other tasks as assigned. This is a paid, in-person (hours can be
flexible) position and will run from late April through end of November, although
start date can be flexible.
Applicants should have a positive attitude, sense of humor, excellent
organizational skills, strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal
skills, and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.
Applicants must also value and exhibit confidentiality & discretion. Previous
Capitol Hill or scheduling experience is a plus, but not required.
Please submit your resume, cover letter and two references
to Ryan.Feldman@mail.house.gov and include “Scheduling Fellow” in the
subject line by 6pm EST on Thursday, March 17th. Women, LGBTQ+, and/or
other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as
those with California Central Valley ties. No phone calls or drop-bys.

Page 1 of 22

MEM-110-22

The office of Congressman Josh Harder (CA-10) is currently accepting
applications for paid summer internships which will run from the beginning of
May through end of August.
Our hands-on legislative internship program offers highly motivated
undergraduates and recent graduates the opportunity to gain real-world
experience in government and politics. Over the course of their service, interns
will gain a deeper knowledge of the federal government and strengthen their
communications, writing, problem-solving, and time-management skills.
Responsibilities will vary but may include:
• Communicating with constituents through mail, email, and over the phone
• Conducting research to be used for floor speeches, memos, committee hearings,
and other legislative business
• Monitoring press coverage, current events, and House business
• Attending briefings and hearings
• Greeting office visitors and giving tours of the Capitol
• Administrative tasks as assigned
To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Josh Harder, send
your resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF
to Archibald.Fraser@mail.house.gov. The deadline for applying is end of day
Sunday, March 20, 2022. Central Valley ties are preferred, but not required.
Please include the days and times you will be available to intern, your desired
start date, and any requirements your school has in order for you to receive credit
in your cover letter. Please format the subject line of your email “DC Internship First Name Last Name - Summer.”
All individuals are encouraged to apply. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-107-22

The Office of Congressman Salud Carbajal (CA-24) is seeking a highly
motivated and creative Digital/Press Intern to assist with a fast-paced
communications operation based in his Washington, D.C. office for the Spring
Term (mid-March to June). The Digital/Press Intern will help build out the
Congressman’s digital and social media footprint, with heavy emphasis on
creating engaging social media content and graphics.
Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social media skills
to assist with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic
design/video editing software. Candidates with experience in a press or digital
media role (including internships) are preferred but not required. California or
Central Coast ties and Spanish literacy are a plus. The intern will work closely
with the Communications Director and the Digital Press Assistant.
Page 2 of 22

RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Compiling daily press clips
•Creating engaging graphics and editing photos
•Assisting the Digital Press Assistant with social media content, website content
and digital newsletters
•Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
•Assisting Communications Director with drafting press releases, op-eds,
advisories, and other written materials
•Creating and maintaining press lists
•Compiling regular comms reports on press and social media results
•Additional responsibilities include assisting the Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent with administrative tasks (e.g. sorting mail, answering phone
calls, conducting Capitol tours, etc.) and legislative tasks (e.g. batching incoming
messages on Fireside, drafting constituent letters, etc.)
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
A qualified candidate will possess strong social media and graphic design skills.
Past experiences with Canva, Photoshop, and other digital/graphic/video design
platforms are a major plus.
TO APPLY
The internship will run from mid-March to June. The hours are flexible to
accommodate schedules and time zones, but generally run 9a.m. to 6p.m. ET
when Congress is in session and 9a.m. to 5p.m. ET when Congress is out of
session.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, two
digital samples, and dates/hours of availability
to Tommy.Vo@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(First Name) (Last Name)
– Digital/Press Intern.”
This is a full-time, limited term position and offers a monthly stipend from the
office of Congressman Carbajal’s unless the intern is already receiving
credit/stipend through a third party.
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Deadline to apply
is Friday, March 11th.
MEM-106-22

Republican Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is seeking paid, in-person
interns in his Washington, DC office for the Summer 2022 term.
Functioning as a key part of the staff, our interns help draft constituent
correspondence, memos, and press releases, research legislation, take phone calls,
and assist with various administrative tasks. We are looking for college students
Page 3 of 22

or recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a
fast-paced setting.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. California ties are preferred, but not required and academic credit is
available for qualifying students.
Interested applicants should email their resume and cover letter
to seth.enderson@mail.house.gov.
MEM-104-22

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Summer 2022.
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
*Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
*Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 16 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District. The deadline to submit applications is March 31, 2022 at
11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
Page 4 of 22

underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-103-22

Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is seeking a Spring 2022 intern for the
Washington, DC office. The paid internship will run from mid-March to June.
The intern’s duties will include (but are not limited to): leading tours of the
Capitol, answering phones, sorting mail, and various other tasks to assist staff.
The intern will also assist the legislative staff in environment and energy issues.
The ideal candidate for this internship will have interest in environment and
energy issues, strong written and verbal communication skills, attention to detail
and strong researching skills.
Ties to Washington’s Second District are preferred, but not required. Sense of
humor also a plus.
Women, people of color, and LGBTQ+ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Gala
Loayza at gala.loayza@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring 2022
Internship.” Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Deadline March 11,
2022.

MEM-099-22

Rep. Katie Porter (CA-45) seeks highly motivated undergraduates and recent
graduates for her DC office internship program. The ideal candidate is highly
organized, able to multitask, and has strong written and verbal communication
skills.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answer incoming phone calls to log opinions, connect staffers to outside
stakeholders, and direct callers to appropriate resources
•Enter and organize incoming constituent messages from mail and voicemail into
the IQ database
•Draft form letters responding to constituent concerns
•Respond to constituent messages through phone calls or emails as needed
•Assist legislative team with researching data and information
•Compile draft meeting memos for the legislative staff
•Track and input legislative meetings with partners, stakeholders, and
constituents, in IQ.
•Perform other duties as assigned by the DC Staff Assistant
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.

Page 5 of 22

Interns are expected in the office from 9 am to 6 pm, however hours are flexible
based on a student’s course schedule. A monthly stipend is also available.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and two references
to CA45.Internship@mail.house.gov with “Summer DC Internship” in the subject
line. The deadline for submission is March 18, 2022.
MEM-096-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for Summer 2022 sessions. This is a hybrid position—hours will be
worked in person and remotely. If the public health situation changes
significantly, the position could transition to in-office full-time.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need and ties to Tennessee’s 9th District. Full-time
availability is preferred.
There are two available start dates for Summer 2022 for approximately 10-16
weeks each, specific start dates are flexible. Please indicate your availability in
your application:
May to July (A)
July to September (B)
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
Page 6 of 22

includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.
MEM-095-22

The Office of Representative Andy Harris (MD-01) is seeking full-time and parttime interns for the summer in the D.C., Kent Island, and Salisbury offices.
Duties will include but are not limited to answering constituent calls, assisting in
sorting and distributing mail, performing research and assisting the legislative
team, attending briefings, and administrative work as needed.
Candidates should be interested in public policy and be detail-oriented,
motivated, organized, and willing to learn. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. Maryland ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, please visit https://harris.house.gov/services/internships/form and
complete the application. No phone calls please.

MEM-094-22

The office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is accepting
applications for a summer press intern in our Washington, D.C. office.
This internship will run from late May through early August.
We offer needs-based stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our
internship program has returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have experience in a
faced-paced, deadline-oriented work environment.
Applicants must be independent problem-solvers, have strong writing skills, and
be comfortable communicating to both internal and external audiences. Technical
experience with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign, Illustrator), photo editing
programs (Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software (Premiere,
Headliner) a major plus.
Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips,
helping draft copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital content.
Press interns will have the opportunity to staff the congresswoman to capture
videos and photos of events. We offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up
close and from the inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience are a
plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and
why you’re interested in interning in our office, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one
example of digital work (video, graphic or photo)
to PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
Page 7 of 22

identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-093-22

The office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06) is accepting
applications for summer legislative interns in our West Chester, Reading, and
Washington, D.C. offices. This internship will run from late May through early
August.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer needs-based
stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our internship program has
returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a
passion for community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing
to spend a lot of time on the phone, and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting
memos for our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or
meetings. We offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the
inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06
are also a plus.
Please submit applications through the “Legislative Internship” form our
website, Houlahan.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-092-22

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Matt Rosendale (MT-At Large) is
currently seeking applicants for the full-time, paid intern position in the Summer
of 2022.
Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services
(such as answering phones and letters on a variety of issues), and legislative
research, in addition to providing daily administrative and operational assistance.
Interns are also encouraged to attend hearings, briefings, lectures, and seminars
available in Congress and around the Hill.
Ideal candidates are conservative college students or recent college graduates
with strong communication and organizational skills. Students and recent
graduates interested in learning more about our country’s legislative process are
encouraged to apply. Montana ties are preferred but by no means required.
Page 8 of 22

All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Alexandra
Schindewolf at alexandra.schindewolf@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Summer 2022 Internship.” Please send all attachments as PDFs.
This internship will run for up to four months between May and August, with the
specific start and end dates varying per individual applicant.
MEM-090-22

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a Legal
Intern to assist with research and analysis for committee staff on oversight and
investigations.
Applicants must either be currently enrolled in an accredited JD program or have
received a JD from an accredited program. Responsibilities include assisting with
oversight hearings, investigative reports and executing a complementary
legislative and oversight strategy with positive results. Must be able to write
quickly and clearly, be flexible in adjusting to changing circumstances and
legislative priorities, and be self-starters capable of taking responsibility for
complicated, ongoing projects.
To apply, applicants must submit a cover letter, resume, a writing sample (5-10
pages), a current transcript, and 3 references. Please submit all materials
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Legal Intern” in the subject line.
In addition, please state in the body of your email submission: (i) your
approximate start date, (ii) your approximate end date, and (iii) your approximate
weekly hours. This is an unpaid position based in Washington, DC. Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis until March 25, 2022.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-089-22

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a fulltime Press Intern for paid and unpaid internships.
Duties may include, but are not limited to, media monitoring and research,
writing media advisories and press releases, drafting social media and general
communications office support. Ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills,
works well under pressure, and is a skilled multi-tasker. Interns can receive
academic credit.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis until June 1, 2022 for the
summer and fall semesters. To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three
references, and two writing samples to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Press
Page 9 of 22

Intern” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the requirements will not
be considered.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-088-22

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Communications Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Compiling press lists
•Drafting press releases, social media posts, and other communications materials
•Assisting with video editing and graphic design
•Researching various policy issues
•Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communication skills,
familiarity with graphic design and video editing, and relevant internship
experience related to communications, government, or campaigns. A strong work
ethic, the ability to excel in fast-past environments, and a willingness to assist
wherever needed are must-have qualities.
This position will report to the Press Secretary (based in DC), with additional
supervision from the Communications Director (based in PA-05).
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, a short writing sample, a digital
product sample (such as social media posts, graphics, or videos created by the
candidate), and two references to carina.figliuzzi@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Summer Comms Internship, NAME” Please compile all application
materials into one PDF document

MEM-087-22

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting constituent correspondence
•Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
•Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
•Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.

Page 10 of 22

To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Emily.Kastenberg@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Summer
Legislative Internship, NAME”. Please include availability in the cover letter and
compile all application materials into one PDF document.
MEM-085-22

The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly
motivated, proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications
team.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have solid writing and editing
skills. Preferred applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and are willing
to perform and follow through on a wide variety of tasks.
• Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
• Virtual internship
• Start date = Mid-March
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and
Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Photoshop or Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Drafting short newsletters
*Editing written materials, such as newsletters or press releases
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Please send resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples, and a graphic sample (if
applicable). Send to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com.

MEM-084-22

“The Office of Congresswoman Kim Schrier (D-WA-08) is seeking summer
interns in its Issaquah and DC offices.
Applicants should be eager to learn more about the legislative process and want
to be part of a hardworking team dedicated to serving Washington’s 8th District.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office, gaining valuable
experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
In Washington, D.C., intern responsibilities will include greeting constituents,
answering constituent phone calls, supporting staff with administrative tasks,
conducting legislative research, assisting with constituent correspondence, and
other miscellaneous tasks as assigned. Interns in Washington, D.C. will also have
the opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol, as well as attend hearings and
briefings for the legislative staff.
Page 11 of 22

In the District office, interns will assist with a variety of tasks, including day-today office work such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with
media clips. District office interns may also help with constituent casework or
other District-based projects of importance.
Qualifications
Ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, a
high degree of professionalism, and a strong interest in public service. In
addition, the ability to multi-task and work with a team are a plus. Washington
state ties are a plus, but not required. Starting and ending dates are flexible,
although prospective interns should be able to commit at least 20 hours per week.
Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for undergraduate
and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest in public
service. Stipends or academic credit are available.
Please apply online at https://schrier.house.gov/services/internships, or by
emailing DistrictInternshipsWA08@mail.house.gov with a cover letter, resume, 2
writing samples, and your preference for the District or DC office. Please apply
by March 10, 2022 at 11:59 p.m. ET.”
MEM-083-22

Summer Internship Opening for Rep. Josh Gottheimer (D-NJ)
The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Josh Gottheimer (NJ-05) is
seeking motivated, organized, and hardworking individuals for the summer term.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
providing Capitol tours for constituents, drafting constituent correspondence,
sorting incoming mail, attending briefings and hearings, conducting legislative
research, and other tasks as needed.
Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication,
willingness to contribute to a team environment, and eagerness to learn about the
political process and congressional affairs. New Jersey ties are a plus.
Please send a resume, cover letter, one-page writing sample, and dates of
availability as one PDF with subject line “DC SUMMER INTERNSHIP 2022”
to nj5jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-078-22

The office of Representative Kai Kahele (HI-02) is currently accepting
applications for Summer interns in both his Hilo, Hawaiʻi and D.C. offices from
May to August 2022.
Hawaiʻi District Office interns will be asked to answer phones, sort mail, research
legislation and stakeholder meetings, assist staff with constituent casework and
Page 12 of 22

outreach activities and perform administrative work as assigned. As a result,
interns will have the opportunity to learn about constituent services and the
functions of a congressional district office.
D.C. Office interns will be asked to answer phones, research legislation, attend
virtual hearings and briefings and draft memos for the Congressman and
legislative staff. As a result, interns will have the opportunity to learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional D.C. office.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention
to detail and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment. We highly
encourage college students and recent graduates to apply. Students in high school
are eligible to apply for our Summer term. Hawai‘i ties are strongly preferred, but
not required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+, unhoused people, and
members of other marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should apply on the Congressman’s website
at https://kahele.house.gov/services/internships
MEM-077-22

The Office of Congresswoman Madeleine Dean (D-PA-04) is seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for the Summer term.
Summer internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis from late-May
to early-August. The internship will be based out of the Washington, D.C. office.
Eligible interns will be paid by the Office of Congresswoman Madeleine Dean
unless receiving academic credit for the internship.
Qualified applicants should possess strong verbal and written communication
skills, be highly motivated, and have demonstrated interest in public service.
Responsibilities include drafting memoranda, letter writing, constituent
correspondence, legislative research, assisting staff with the mail program,
supporting communications team with various projects as assigned, and more.
Application materials include a resume, cover letter, and three references (name,
phone number, and email address).
Our office is an equal opportunity employer, committed to developing an
organization that reflects the diversity of our country. We do not discriminate on
the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation,
gender identity, veteran status, or disability.
Page 13 of 22

We encourage applications from historically underrepresented candidates,
including people of color; LGBTQ+ individuals; low-income, first-generation,
and non-traditional students; people with disabilities, and women.
To apply, please submit application materials to mdeanhiring@gmail.com. The
deadline to apply is March 9, 2022, by midnight.
MEM-076-22

The Office of Congressman Paul Tonko is seeking summer interns in its Albany,
Schenectady, and DC offices.
Interns will learn from staff to serve the constituents of New York’s 20th
Congressional district. Our goal is to invest in the next generation of public
leaders by providing each intern with a meaningful experience that will enhance
their understanding of policy and congressional matters. The 2022 Summer
Internship Program will run from May to August, and flexible start and end dates
will be considered.
Overall intern responsibilities may include:
•Attending hearings, briefings, and meetings and drafting memos on the matter
for legislative staff
•Researching legislation and policy issues
•Offering front-line constituent services; answering phones, drafting written
responses to constituents, assessing mail appropriately, and engaging with
constituents
•Option to assist the Communications Team in drafting press clips, social media
content, and press releases
•Opportunity to take part in congressional outreach
•Participation in hands-on constituent casework
•Any additional opportunities that may arise within the context of a congressional
office
Interns are compensated with a maximum stipend of $2,000 and are able to work
on a full-time or part-time basis. Interns in the Washington, DC office are also
eligible for a monthly transit benefit towards the Metro and Metrobus. The
deadline to apply is Friday, March 25, 2022, and selected applicants will be
contacted for an interview the following week by the respective office. Please
note that a response is not likely beforehand.
To be considered for an internship, please send your resume, cover letter, and
writing sample that speaks to social activism, a passionate policy interest, or a
historic or current political event, to one of the following individuals based on
your office of interest:
•For internships in the Albany District Office, please email your materials to
Connor Giltz at connor.giltz@mail.house.gov.
Page 14 of 22

•For internships in the Schenectady District Office, please email your materials to
Cora Schroeter, MBA at cora.schroeter@mail.house.gov.
•For internships in the Washington, DC office, please email your materials to
Bayley Connors at bayley.connors@mail.house.gov.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to New York and those from
traditionally underrepresented backgrounds to apply. Rep. Tonko’s office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age,
or protected veteran status.
MEM-073-22

The office of Congressman Brian Mast is hiring a paid digital intern to start as
soon as possible.
The preferred candidate will have academic, personal or professional experience
with video filming/editing, graphic design, photography and/or social media
management. They should also be familiar with Adobe Suite, including
Photoshop, Illustrator and Premiere Pro. This is a 3-month long position, ideally
for a candidate able to be in the office full time. Other arrangements will be
considered for the right candidate.
If interested, applicants are encouraged to send their resume and work samples
that highlight their creativity to brianmastpress@gmail.com.

MEM-072-22

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Summer 2022 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
Page 15 of 22

entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other congressional
offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability
to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.
MEM-067-22

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform is
seeking energetic and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time
internships.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly
in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative
operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes.
Law students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff. Background: The Oversight and Reform Committee is the
primary investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with
jurisdiction to investigate any matter at any time.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the
office full time are preferred.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a
cover letter and resume to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Legal
Internship” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the
file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.”
No phone calls or drop-ins please. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-063-22

“Representative Kat Cammack (FL-03) seeks applicants for a full-time paid
internship for Spring 2022 (Internship would run through May 2022) in her
Washington DC office.

Page 16 of 22

Intern responsibilities would include assisting with legislative and administrative
tasks by conducting research, answering phones, daily operational assistance,
among other tasks.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to FL03.Internships@mail.house.gov (No drop-ins or phone calls).”
MEM-062-22

The office of Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time paid interns for the summer internship
sessions in our DC office.
Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support. Interns are also encouraged to attend hearings, lectures, and seminars
available in Congress and around the Hill. Congresswoman DeLauro's staff is
willing to provide projects specific to the interests of the intern, whenever
possible.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability or sexual orientation.
How to Apply: The deadline for summer applications is March 31st. If you are
interested, please email a cover letter, resume, a brief writing sample (1-2 pages),
two references, and a completed application (found
at https://tinyurl.com/5fpw48p6 ) to Molly.Opinsky@mail.house.gov.
If you have any additional questions or would like to be mailed an application,
please feel free to contact Molly Opinsky in Congresswoman DeLauro's office at
(202) 225-3661.
Internships are also available in the Third Congressional District Office for
interested students. Please contact Jennifer Lamb in the District Office at (203)
562-3718 for more information.

MEM-060-22

The Office of Congresswoman Ashley Hinson (R-IA-01) is seeking internship
applicants for the Spring 2022 term.
Interns will have the opportunity to work in a fast-paced environment while
gaining knowledge of the federal legislative process and the functions of a
Page 17 of 22

congressional office. Responsibilities include answering phones, conducting
legislative research as assigned, attending briefings and hearings, and maintaining
the front office.
Successful candidates will demonstrate a high level of professionalism and
exceptional written and oral communication skills.
Interns will be expected to work in-person in the Washington, DC, office. Current
college students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply. This is a paid
opportunity, with positions available to begin immediately. Iowa ties are
preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should apply
at https://hinson.house.gov/services/internships, or call the Washington, DC,
office at (202) 225-2911 for more information.
MEM-059-22

The Office of Congresswoman Angie Craig is currently accepting applicants for
paid hybrid summer internships in the DC and District Offices.
Summer internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be conducted in a hybrid
format in accordance with the current public health guidance. Internships will
begin no earlier than May 16, 2022 and extend no later than August 31, 2022.
All interns are paid $15 per hour and provided with all of the necessary
technology for their work. Schedules are flexible to accommodate course
schedules and academic programs; however, a minimum availability of 20-25
hours per week is highly preferred.
Interns in the Washington, D.C. office will focus on researching legislation,
attending hearings and constituent meetings, answering constituents’ phone calls,
logging and drafting constituent correspondence, and assisting legislative and
communications staff members on various projects.
Interns in the Burnsville office will focus on constituent casework, answering
constituents’ phone calls, community outreach and research, in-district event
planning, and assisting the outreach, casework, and communications staff
members on various projects. All interns will have the opportunity to work with
staff in both offices over the course of the internship.
As a result, interns will learn about the legislative process, learn about all of the
different functions of a congressional office, and gain hands-on professional
experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s Second Congressional
District. The program is tailored to fit interns’ policy interests and career goals.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident
and effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers, and possess strong
Page 18 of 22

writing skills. They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with
the general public.
Application Instructions:
•To apply for an internship based in Rep. Craig’s Washington, D.C. office, please
submit a resume and cover letter in one PDF document,
to craig.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(Last Name) DC
Summer Internship Application.”
•To apply for an internship based in Rep. Craig’s District office in Burnsville,
please submit a resume and cover letter in one PDF document,
to craig.internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(Last Name) DO
Summer Internship Application.”
•If you would like your application to be considered for both offices, please use
the subject line “(Last Name) BOTH Summer Internship Application.”
•Please include your earliest start date, latest end date, and weekly availability
between 8am and 5pm CST in your cover letter.
•Here is a link to an online pdf merger, if needed.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented
backgrounds to apply.
Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status.
For Summer 2022 internships, applications must be submitted no later than
11:59pm on Sunday, April 3, 2022. Late submissions will not be considered nor
accepted. If you have any questions regarding the application process, please
email craig.internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-054-22

The Office of Congressman Pete Aguilar will be offering in-person summer
internships in the DC and District Offices.
Summer internships typically run Monday through Friday, from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. Interns will have the chance to experience a congressional office's fast-paced
atmosphere and gain valuable work experience. This internship is an excellent
opportunity for those interested in public service and the legislative process.
DC Interns will assist with tasks, including answering phones, drafting
constituent correspondence, and assisting with media clips. District Interns may
be assigned to assist in various constituent casework or work on community
outreach and grants related projects. DC Interns will also have the opportunity to
attend policy briefings and assist staff with legislative research.

Page 19 of 22

Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, professionalism, attention to detail, and the ability to function in a fastpaced environment. Ties to CA-31 and California are strongly preferred.
To apply, please email your resume, cover letter, availability, and office
preference (DC or District) to Aguilar.Internships@mail.house.gov.
The deadline for summer submissions is Friday, April 1st, at 11:59 p.m. PT.
Interviews will be conducted over the following two weeks. The estimated start
date for the internship is June 6th, 2022. If you have any questions regarding the
application process, please email Aguilar.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-047-22

The Office of Congressman Pete Aguilar will be offering in-person summer
internships in the DC and District Offices.
Summer internships typically run Monday through Friday, from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. Interns will have the chance to experience a congressional office's fast-paced
atmosphere and gain valuable work experience. This internship is an excellent
opportunity for those interested in public service and the legislative process.
DC Interns will assist with tasks, including answering phones, drafting
constituent correspondence, and assisting with media clips. District Interns may
be assigned to assist in various constituent casework or work on community
outreach and grants related projects. DC Interns will also have the opportunity to
attend policy briefings and assist staff with legislative research.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, professionalism, attention to detail, and the ability to function in a fastpaced environment. Ties to CA-31 and California are strongly preferred.
To apply, please email your resume, cover letter, availability, and office
preference (DC or District) to Aguilar.Internships@mail.house.gov.
The deadline for summer submissions is Friday, April 1st, at 11:59 p.m. PT.
Interviews will be conducted over the following two weeks. The estimated start
date for the internship is June 6th, 2022. If you have any questions regarding the
application process, please email Aguilar.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-590-21

Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his Salem office and
Washington D.C. office in Summer 2022. During the COVID-19 pandemic,
interns may work remotely.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, recent college
graduates, students currently enrolled in graduate school. Under very rare
circumstances the office will also host high school students.
Page 20 of 22

RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail
•Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents, COVID-19 permitting
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman
•Assembling press and news clips
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research
APPLICATIONS
Please apply through the internship portal at moulton.house.gov, under the
‘Services’ tab. If you have trouble accessing the application form, please
email grace.curtiss@mail.house.gov.
MEM-589-21

Team Moulton is seeking exceptional students interested in foreign policy and
national security to participate in the Fern Holland International Affairs
Fellowship Program.
This is a full-time, paid foreign policy fellowship for Summer 2022. This
opportunity is based on financial need and is only open to candidates who are
Pell-grant eligible. The fellowship is in our Washington, D.C. office. Current
undergraduate students, recent college graduates, and students currently enrolled
in graduate school are eligible.
Team Moulton is looking for hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to strengthening our democracy.
This fully-funded fellowship covers the cost of housing, transportation, and food
with a stipend. Women, People of Color, and members of other underrepresented
communities are especially encouraged to apply.
This fellowship offers an in-depth look into a career of service to our nation.
Fellows will be expected to perform rigorous research, advise senior staff and the
Congressman on important issues, and craft policies in international affairs and
national security, in addition to some regularly assigned intern responsibilities.
To apply, please fill out the internship application form
at moulton.house.gov under the ‘Services’ tab and attach a cover letter and
resume. If you have trouble accessing the application form, please
email grace.curtiss@mail.house.gov.
If selected, you will be required to submit a FAFSA form. We are accepting
applications for Summer through March 15, 2022. Feel free to call our office with

Page 21 of 22

any questions you may have at (202) 225-8020 or email our internship
coordinator, Grace Curtiss (grace.curtiss@mail.house.gov).

Page 22 of 22

