________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 2, 2023

MEM-492-23

"The Washington D.C. Office of Congressman Anthony D’Esposito is looking
for highly motivated individuals for their spring internship program.
Candidates should be able to work efficiently in high stress, fast moving
environments and handle multiple projects at the same time. Duties include
answering phones and speaking with constituents, greeting guests in the front
office, assisting the legislative and communications teams, and leading
constituent tours. Interns will get a unique look behind the scenes of the federal
legislative process and will gain valuable public policy experience. Ties to the
district are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should submit their applications
via https://desposito.house.gov/services/internships for consideration."

MEM-491-23

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking an enthusiastic, highly
motivated press/digital intern to work in person in the Washington, DC office for
the fall 2023 session.
Press/Digital Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day
operations of our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities
to assist our communications staff. This includes, but is not limited to attending
press conferences, compiling press clips, drafting social media posts, drafting
press releases, talking points and other written materials, answering phones, and
sorting mail.
Page 1 of 11

Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual and have strong writing and editing
skills. A working knowledge of digital content creation products (Adobe Creative
Suite, Canva, or equivalent products) is a plus. Preferred applicants have District
ties, though not required. This is a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application with a one-page writing sample and graphic
design sample via https://meeks.house.gov/services/internships
Applications are being reviewed on a rolling basis until the position is filled.
MEM-488-23

Congressional Internship
The Flint and Midland offices of Congressman Dan Kildee are seeking a highly
motivated and detail-oriented paid interns for the spring 2024 semester. Qualified
candidates will have demonstrated interest in research projects and interacting
with constituents on the telephone, in person and at community outreach events.
Paid interns are all-around helping hands in the congressional office and will get
the opportunity to work on a variety of different projects. Michigan ties are a
plus.
Applicants interested in interning in the Flint or Midland office should send a
cover letter and resume to Jacob.Newblatt@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Spring 2024 Internship” by Friday, October 13th.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Oversee the front office, greeting constituents and guests in a professional
manner;
•Answer incoming telephone calls;
•Assist the District staff in conducting casework intake and directing constituents
to office resources;
•Support the field work team in drafting memos and conducting background work
for events in the community;
•Assist the Staff Assistant in drafting letters of support and Proclamations for
members in the community;
•Support the constituent mail program by batching constituent messages,
researching and drafting constituent mail;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Professionalism in interacting with constituents in person and on the telephone;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Page 2 of 11

Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation, gender
identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-487-23

Congressional Internship
The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Kildee is seeking a highlymotivated and detail-oriented paid interns for the spring 2024 semester. Qualified
candidates will have demonstrated interest in research projects and learning about
the legislative process. Candidates should have strong writing and analytical
skills; and an interest in public service. Paid interns are all-around helping hands
in the congressional office and will get the opportunity to work on a variety of
different projects. Michigan ties are a plus.
Internships are paid. The ideal candidate will be available from January through
May 2024.
Applicants interested in interning in the Washington, D.C. office should send a
cover letter and resume to Danielle.Stewart3@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Spring 2024 Legislative Internship” by Friday, October 13th.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Oversee the front office, greeting constituents and guests in a professional
manner;
•Answer incoming telephone calls;
•Assist the Staff Assistant in organizing tours of the U.S. Capitol, White House
and other Washington, D.C. landmarks for constituents or stakeholders;
•Assist the Staff Assistant in fulfilling flag requests;
•Assist the legislative staff by researching legislation and policies, attending
briefings and drafting cosponsor recommendations and memos;
•Support the constituent mail program by batching constituent messages,
researching and drafting constituent mail;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Professionalism in interacting with constituents in person and on the telephone;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Proficient in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
Page 3 of 11

environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation, gender
identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-486-23

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the spring internship session. The
start date would be as early as the beginning of January (flexible depending on
availability) with a flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on
availability and have access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to paxton.antonucci@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in your cover letter that
you’re applying for a fall internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume],
[Full Name_Cover Letter].

MEM-485-23

The Democratic staff at the U.S. House Judiciary Committee offers
undergraduate, graduate, and law students an internship opportunity to
experience the operation of a congressional committee firsthand and learn about
the important role that our Committee plays in the legislative process.
The House Judiciary Committee has jurisdiction over a wide range of legislative
and oversight issues, including oversight of the U.S. Department of Justice,
constitutional law, federal criminal law, voting rights, immigration and
naturalization, administrative law, and antitrust law. Interns work closely with
committee staff, including subcommittee staff and/or the oversight team, on a
range of issues.
Intern assignments will vary depending on the work of the Judiciary Committee
each semester. Examples of potential responsibilities include:
•Researching legal and policy issues under the committee’s jurisdiction;
•Attending briefings and hearings on the Hill;
•Drafting memoranda;
•Supporting committee counsels in transcribed interviews and depositions;
•Supporting committee clerks and professional staff members during hearings
and markups; and

Page 4 of 11

•Providing administrative support, including answering calls, delivering
correspondence, and preparing the committee’s hearing room.
The Committee strives to ensure that our internship class reflects the diversity of
the country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
The deadline for applications for the Spring 2024 session is October 15th. This
internship is based in Washington, DC and is open to undergraduate, graduate
and law students.
Applications can be submitted at the following website: https://democratsjudiciary.house.gov/about/internship-opportunities.htm
MEM-484-23

PRESS AND DIGITAL INTERN
The House Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time digital
media and traditional press intern position this fall.
The intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content creation,
graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and administrative tasks
as necessary. Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such
as Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as
compiling and interpreting social media analytics.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment and willingness to
learn are a must. This position reports to the Communications Director.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-482-23

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) D.C. office seeks interns for the
upcoming Spring 2024 semester.
The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is
committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This
position demands the ability to multi-task, strong organizational skills and must
work cooperatively and courteously with others in a shared space.
Duties include: answering telephones, compiling daily press clips relevant to the
office’s priorities, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
administrative assistance to the D.C. staff.

Page 5 of 11

Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties
a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants
should submit the below application with a resume and cover letter in a single
PDF file. Cover letter should details reasons for applying to the position. A
stipend will be given to accepted applicants.
Deadline to apply by is Friday, October 13, 2023 by COB (5pm).
Please apply via the following: https://frankel.house.gov/constituentservices/internships.htm
Applications open 12 Noon Tuesday 9/26/23
If you have any questions please feel free to contact me via email
at amaris.graham@mail.house.gov
MEM-480-23

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for the spring of 2023.
This is an in-person opportunity, with some hybrid work-from-home hours
possible. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
Page 6 of 11

About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.
MEM-479-23

The Democratic staff of the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is
seeking law students for full-time or part-time internships.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, participate directly in the
oversight process, and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the
House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive Branch officials and stakeholders for the purpose of taking notes. Law
students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff.
Applicants should have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, and
possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Hours can be flexible,
but applicants willing to work full-time are preferred.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Spring 2024 Legal Internship” in the subject line. Please attach the resume
and cover letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.

MEM-476-23

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Winter 2024.
•The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
Page 7 of 11

undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
•Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
•Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
•Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 20 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District. The deadline to submit applications is November 10,
2023, at 11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ+
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ+
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-475-23

Paid Internship Opportunity: Office of Congressman Chris Pappas NH-01
Serving as an intern on our team is an exciting opportunity to work closely
alongside staff and develop professional skills in a Congressional office setting.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work
cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written
communications skills.
An internship in the Washington, DC office encompasses a variety of tasks and
assignments such as answering phones, greeting visitors, giving tours, writing
letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be assigned to
work with the legislative team and outreach staff to assist with legislation, special
projects, writing, and/or research. As a result, interns learn about the legislative
process and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Apply
To apply for an internship, please submit your resume, cover letter, and one short
writing sample (no longer than two pages total)

Page 8 of 11

to Pappas.Internships@mail.house.gov with “[Last Name] Internship Application
– [Winter/Spring] 2024 ” in the subject line.
In your email, please also specify your specific dates and times of availability as
well as which office you’re applying for. The deadline for Winter/Spring 2024
applications is Sunday, October 22 at 11:59 pm.
Winter/Spring Interns will begin in the first few weeks of January and end in
May. Start and end dates are flexible.
Current appropriations law prohibits the use of federally appropriated funds to
pay the compensation of U.S. government employees whose post of duty is in the
continental U.S. unless that person, generally:
1.Is a U.S. citizen;
2.Is a lawful permanent resident and has applied for (or affirms that he or she will
apply for) citizenship within six months of first becoming eligible to apply (and
the person must complete the citizenship process within two years of applying,
but delays attributable to the processing of the application do not count toward
the two-year deadline);
3.Is admitted as a refugee or is granted asylum and has filed a declaration of
intention to become a lawful permanent resident and subsequently a citizen when
he/she is eligible to do so; or
4.Is a person who owes allegiance to the U.S. (e.g., nationals of American Samoa,
the Swains Island, or the Northern Mariana Islands; and nationals who meet other
requirements described in 8 U.S.C. § 1408).
See Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022, Pub. L. No. 117-103, div. E tit. VII,
§ 704 (2022).
MEM-471-23

The office of Representative Becca Balint (VT-AL) is seeking paid interns for
Spring 2024 in our Washington, D.C. and Burlington office.
Interns’ responsibilities will include logging voicemails and mail, organizing
constituent correspondence, answering constituent calls, conducting research,
attending outreach events, preparing briefings, and other administrative/outreach
work as needed.
Ideal candidates will be compassionate listeners with strong interpersonal skills,
and a commitment to public service. Successful interns will possess excellent
writing and organizational skills, a strong attention to detail, and the ability to
work in a fast-paced environment. For more information, please visit our
website balint.house.gov
Candidates interested in interning in the D.C. office should email their resume
and cover letter in a single PDF to Internships.Balint@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Spring Internship – D.C.”
Candidates interested in interning in the Burlington office should email their
resume and cover letter in a single PDF
Page 9 of 11

to Internships.Balint@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring Internship –
Burlington.”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. We value diversity, equity, and inclusion and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-469-23

The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) is seeking short-term Foreign
Affairs Fellow.
This is a paid fellowship opportunity that would begin between late September to
mid-October, and end in December or January, depending on the candidate’s
preferences. The Foreign Affairs Fellow would support the Congresswoman’s
work on foreign affairs, armed services, defense, and intelligence.
The fellowship is ideal for candidates who have recently finished a graduate
program in international affairs or security studies, or have some prior work
experience in these issues and are looking to make a career transition or “try out”
working on Capitol Hill. Current graduate students who are able to work during
business hours will also be considered.
Responsibilities will include drafting and advancing legislative proposals,
preparing the Member for hearings and markups, meeting with stakeholders and
constituents, providing vote recommendations, and performing additional tasks as
assigned.
Fellows will be provided with a monthly stipend. For Fellows who are able to
work full-time (40 hours per week), the stipend will be $3,200/month. The office
will also consider candidates able to work slightly less than full time (e.g. 30
hours per week), at a pro-rated monthly stipend amount.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three
references to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Foreign Affairs Fellow
– [Last Name]” as the subject line. Please include in your cover letter your
availability (preferred start and end dates, and hours per week).
This office is an equal-opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-465-23

Fall 2023 Legal Fellow – The Office of Congresswoman Cherfilus-McCormick,
a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee (HFAC) and Ranking
Member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Subcommittee on Technology
Modernization (HVAC) seeks a seeks a full or part time legal fellow to work on
Page 10 of 11

their legislative team for the Fall of 2023 with an interest in either foreign affairs,
health care, housing, or economic development.
Primary responsibilities include supporting senior legislative staff in developing
legislative proposals, working with constituents and stakeholders, tracking
legislation, drafting letters, and participating in comprehensive research.
Candidates should have exceptional writing, research and analytical skills.
Demonstrated interest in working on policy issues – such as foreign affairs
(Africa and Western Hemisphere with a special focus on Haiti), health care,
housing, or economic development – is preferred. This is a full-time position
based in Washington, D.C.
Education/Experience:
•Must be currently enrolled in a Juris Doctor program.
•Congressional experience, including internships, is preferred.
Expectations:
•Full (preferred) or part time availability;
•Maintain a good working relationship with the legislative department;
•Meet attendance requirements as established by the Office; and
•Ability to work in a fast-paced environment while completing long termprojects.
Compensation:
$3,000 monthly stipend.
To Apply:
Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. The Office will contact
the best-qualified candidates to begin the interview process. To apply, please
email Fabian.Lucero@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2023 Legal Fellow” in the
subject line and the following materials: (1) cover letter, (2) resume, (3)
transcript, (4) two references including name, current title and organization,
phone number and email.
The Office of Representative Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick is an equal
opportunity employer. The Office does not discriminate on the basis of an
individual’s race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service. The
Office is committed to diversity and inclusion. Individuals from all backgrounds
are encouraged to apply.

Page 11 of 11

