________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 5, 2017

MEM-311-17

Congressman Dan Kildee’s Washington, D.C. office is always seeking motivated
and hard-working college students for fall, spring or summer internships.
Although internships are unpaid, students will gain valuable work experience in a
fast-paced congressional office.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral
and written communications skills, responsible, dependable, and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them.
Tasks include and are not limited to the following: Researching legislative issues,
preparing constituent correspondence, data entry, and helping maintain the
efficient day-to-day operations of an active Congressional office.
If interested, please send a cover letter, a resume, and letters of recommendation
to Sean Lehman at sean.lehman@mail.house.gov.
For more information on Congressman Dan Kildee and Michigan’s 5th
Congressional District, please visit our website at www.dankildee.house.gov.

Page 1 of 12

MEM-310-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Don Bacon is currently seeking
applicants for a full-time internship to start immediately for the Fall 2017 term,
running through mid-December. Responsibilities include assisting the staff with
front office operations, conducting legislative research, answering constituent
calls and inquiries, conducting U.S. Capitol tours, attending committee briefings
and hearings, and learning about the day-to-day operations of a congressional
office. Ideal candidates will be ambitious, proactive, have a positive attitude and
demonstrate a strong interest in the legislative process. Unpaid internships are
available to qualified college students seeking college credit or recent college
graduates. Nebraska ties preferred but not required. No drop-ins or calls. Please
e-mail a resume and cover letter to Jason.Tyler@mail.house.gov with a subject
line of “Fall 2017 Internship Application”.

MEM-309-17

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
a motivated, organized, and reliable intern to begin immediately. Intern
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones, conducting
Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings, conducting legislative
research and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Successful
candidates will possess excellent written and oral communication skills, a strong
attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an
eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional affairs. California
ties are a plus. Please send a résumé, cover letter and dates of availability to
Peter.Durkin@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-307-17

U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, Jr. (D-NJ) seeks fall interns for his Washington, DC
office. Duties include sorting and processing mail, greeting visitors, answering
phone calls, attending briefings and hearings, researching legislative issues,
leading tours of the Capitol, and drafting constituent correspondence. This
internship is unpaid.
Congressman Pascrell has served in Congress for 20 years and serves on the
Ways and Means Committee and Budget Committee. This internship is an
opportunity to work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample
to Christopher Hadad (Christopher.Hadad@mail.house.gov).

MEM-306-17

The Office of Congressman Ro Khanna (CA-17) is seeking qualified candidates
to intern in our Washington, D.C. office for the dates of 9/15/17 to 12/15/17.
Interns will have a chance to experience first-hand the operations of a U.S.
Congressional office, learn about the legislative process, and gain Capitol Hill
experience.
Responsibilities include administrative tasks such as answering phones,
welcoming guests, and leading constituent tours. In addition, interns will be
required to conduct legislative research, draft constituent and press
correspondence, attend briefings and hearings and other projects as needed.
Page 2 of 12

Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to California are preferred, but not
required.
If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send a cover letter,
resume, and brief writing sample to ca17dcinterns.resumes@mail.house.gov.
Please include “Last Name, First Name - Internship Application” in the subject
line and include your available start and end dates and weekly schedule in the
email.
MEM-305-17

The office of Congresswoman Kay Granger (TX-12) is currently seeking interns
for its Washington, D.C. office. Texas ties are strongly preferred, but are not
required. Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, excellent written and oral
communication skills, a strong work ethic, and the ability to maintain a strong
attention to detail. Candidates should also be able to meet deadlines and work in a
fast-paced, high-energy environment.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:
• Guiding tours of the Capitol
• Attending policy briefings, hearings, and other policy-related events
• Researching policy issues
• Answering constituent phone calls
• Sorting office mail
• Greeting office visitors
Although internships are unpaid, students will gain invaluable experience by
working with our staff on legislative issues and providing assistance to
constituents. Our office strongly believes in providing interns with the
opportunity to work on issues within their field of interest.
Interested candidates should send their resume, application, and a policy proposal
(no more than 1,000 words) to internships.granger@mail.house.gov. Our
application can be downloaded from our website at
https://kaygranger.house.gov/constituent-services/internships. Please use the
subject line “Rep. Granger Internship – Washington Office”.

MEM-303-17

The Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee on the Republican
side of the House Foreign Affairs Committee is seeking a Fall intern to handle
administrative and some policy duties in the office. Duties will include answering
phones, handling logistics for hearings, conducting research, and drafting
statements.

Page 3 of 12

Qualified candidates will have a foreign policy background, possess excellent
writing and communication skills, and be well-organized, responsible, and detailoriented.
All interested applicants should e-mail their cover letter, resume, and a 2-5 page
writing sample to tnthfac@gmail.com. Cover letters should include the
applicant's anticipated availability for the duration of the internship; writing
samples may be excerpts of larger works. No walk-ins or phone calls please.
MEM-301-17

The Office of Congressman Al Green is seeking full-time and part-time interns
for his Washington, D.C. office for the fall. Candidates must be students able to
receive academic credit for their internship. Candidates must possess strong
research and writing skills, as well as an ability to meet deadlines and multi-task
in a fast-paced, high-energy environment. The ideal candidate will also have a
strong interest in public policy. Duties will include, but are not limited to, the
following: Attending policy briefings, hearings, roundtables, and other policyrelated events; drafting memos and talking points; researching policy issues and
statistics; tracking legislative debates and policy positions of external
stakeholders; and answering phones, and miscellaneous tasks as needed. Please
send a resume and 1-2 page writing sample to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov,
with the subject line “2017 Fall Internship.” This position is unpaid. We will
accept applications on a rolling basis until the positions are filled. Please no
phone calls or walk-ins.

MEM-300-17

The Office of Congressman Sarbanes (MD-03) is currently seeking college
students or recent graduates for the Fall 2017 internship program in Washington,
DC. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents, drafting constituent
correspondence, assisting the Communications Director with various projects,
attending briefings and writing memos for legislative staff, conducting research
for various legislative projects, and providing administrative support for the
office. Preference will be given to interns with full-time availability.
Ideal candidates must possess a meticulous attention to detail, strong writing
skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and an enthusiasm for
learning. Ties to Maryland strongly preferred. Interested applicants may send a
resume, cover letter, two short writing samples, and work availability with the
subject line “Fall 2017 Internship” to Lucy Shaw at lucy.shaw@mail.house.gov.

MEM-298-17

Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking interns to work in his
Washington, DC office for the Fall semester. Intern responsibilities include
greeting guests in the front office, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol
building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have
the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a
positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication
skills. Those interested should send their resume and cover letter to
Page 4 of 12

adrienne.schrodt@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis,
so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted
to accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties preferred but not required.
MEM-297-17

The office of Congressman Jeb Hensarling (TX-05) is seeking capable, detailoriented, and responsible candidates for an unpaid internship in their
Washington, D.C. office this fall. Responsibilities include greeting visitors,
taking phone calls, giving tours of the Capitol to constituents, sorting mail, and
assisting the staff with various administrative and legislative tasks.
Candidates should demonstrate excellent organizational and interpersonal skills,
as well as a strong work ethic and positive attitude. Interns will have the
opportunity to learn a great deal about the political process and our system of
government. Hours for interns are 8:30am to 6:00pm when Congress is in
session, and 9:00am to 5:00pm out of session, Monday through Friday.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
Hensarling.Tours@mail.house.gov. Use the subject line: Fall 2017 Internship
Application. Texas ties are strongly preferred.

MEM-296-17

Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern
for her Washington, D.C. office for fall 2017 (September - December). This
internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fastpaced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties
include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members
with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to
attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be
motivated; detail orientated and possesses strong communication and writing
skills. This is a great opportunity for college students or recent graduates seeking
Hill experience. Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a
resume and cover letter to timothy.huebner@mail.house.gov.

MEM-294-17

North Carolina Democratic Member of Congress is seeking an unpaid press
intern for the Fall Semester in the Washington, D.C. office. The ideal candidate
will have graphic design experience, excellent oral- and written-communication
skills, and be able to work effectively under deadlines. The press intern will work
closely with the communications staff in preparing graphics for use on social
media, compiling press clips, assisting with pitching, preparing research, and
writing speeches. The press intern will also assist with other administrative office
duties as needed. North Carolina ties are appreciated but not required. All
interested candidates should email nchousejobs@gmail.com with the subject
“Press Intern” and include their resume, a cover letter, one writing example, and a
sample graphic.

MEM-293-17

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for an internship in Washington, DC
Page 5 of 12

for Fall 2017. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the
ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a
solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading tours, assisting legislative staff with research,
attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation, drafting
constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning immediately.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to:
Alex.Huang@mail.house.gov. Please indicate expected dates and hours available
to work in your cover letter.
MEM-290-17

Congressman Pete Olson’s Washington DC office is currently accepting
internship applications for the Fall semester. Students and recent graduates
interested in learning more about our country’s legislative process are encouraged
to apply. Interns will gain first-hand experience assisting with community
inquiries, casework with federal agencies, provide Capitol tours, and legislative
research, as well as attending Congressional events like briefings, hearings, and
meetings. All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to
Keeley Tenney at TX22internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-289-17

The Office of Congressman John Faso (NY-19) is accepting resumes for
internships in the Washington, DC office.
This internship is available starting in mid-August, 2017 and is unpaid. It is open
to all majors and class years. New York ties are preferred.
The duties and responsibilities of the internship include:
•
•
•
•

Constituent Relations: Answering phone calls in a kind and professional
manner, responding to mail, and greeting guests in the office;
Attending and preparing summaries on hearings, briefings, and markups;
Drafting reports and correspondence as necessary;
All other duties as assigned.

This intern will be assisting the residents of New York’s 19th Congressional
District with their issues regarding legislation. It is required that the intern will
field calls from constituents and will be expected to register those calls into our
database for the Congressman’s review. This intern may be asked to aid members
of the staff and Congressman Faso.
A good candidate for this internship should possess:

Page 6 of 12

•
•
•
•
•
•

Strong interpersonal communication skills;
Knowledge of current events and national issues;
The ability to multi-task;
A positive attitude, good work ethic, and dedication to the task at hand;
Interest in helping others;
Basic computer skills.

Candidates who fit the above description and wish to apply for this internship
may send their resume and cover letter to: regan.delaney@mail.house.gov.

MEM-287-17

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) is currently seeking interns to work in his
Washington, DC office for the fall semester. Intern responsibilities include
greeting constituents, answering constituent phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, guiding Capitol building tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks.
Interns also will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research and assist
with correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional
hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work
ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Social media and
other communications experience are a plus.
Those interested should please send resume and cover letter to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis,
so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted
to accommodate other work/class schedules. All internships are unpaid, but
academic credit is available for qualifying students. State ties preferred but not
required.

MEM-285-17

The office of Congressman Robert Pittenger (R-NC) is currently accepting
applications for legislative interns for this Fall. Candidates should be highly
qualified and have excellent writing, research, and interpersonal skills. Ideally,
candidates should also be motivated, analytical, and meticulous. This is
an unpaid position, but interns will have the opportunity to collaborate with the
legislative staff on various projects and regularly attend hearings, briefings, and
meetings. Responsibilities also include answering phones, leading tours of the
Capitol, corresponding with constituents, and other miscellaneous tasks for the
legislative staff. Internships can be full or part-time with flexible hours to
accommodate student course schedules. Academic credit may also be available
based on the candidate's academic institution.
Interested candidates should email a resume to Drew.Nirenberg@mail.house.gov.

MEM-283-17

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a press intern
for Fall 2017. Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and written
communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about press
Page 7 of 12

operations, the political process, and congressional affairs. The intern will assist
in the day-to-day operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting
congressional staff with press clips and constituent communication. The intern
will also help to draft press releases, prep memos, and social media posts, in
addition to assisting with legislative research and administrative
activities. Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this
internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, writing sample,
and cover letter to HI02Internships@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-282-17

The Office of Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster (NH-02) is seeking interns
interested in gaining hands-on experience in her Washington, D.C. office for the
fall of 2017 Semester.
Qualified interns are able to actively observe the legislative process while
participating in the administrative operations of a Congressional Office. Interns
will have the opportunity to expand their knowledge about public policy and the
legislative process by attending hearings, briefings and receptions while also
providing support to the legislative team. Interns also work directly with
constituents through answering phone calls, drafting correspondence letters,
responding to emails, and giving Capitol tours. Interns are encouraged to further
their education in legislative issues they find most interesting and are often asked
to provide direct support to legislative staffers in the research and analysis of
these issues.
Responsibilities will consist of administrative, communications, and legislative
support tasks, including but not limited to:
- Guiding tours of the U.S. Capitol
- Researching relevant legislative issues
- Attending hearings and briefings on behalf of staff as requested
- Performing general office and administrative duties and assisting with
front office management
- Drafting constituent correspondence
- Inputting and organizing constituent communication
This position is unpaid. Qualified candidates should have a strong interest in
political events, office experience, excellent writing and communication skills,
attention to detail, initiative and the ability to learn quickly in a fast-paced
environment. New Hampshire ties are welcomed but not required.
Resume and cover letter should be sent to Eliza Cowie, Staff Assistant, at
eliza.cowie@mail.house.gov.

MEM-281-17

Congressman Michael E. Capuano (MA-07) is looking for interns to join his
Washington, D.C. team for a full-time, unpaid internship during fall, for a
duration of three months or longer.
Page 8 of 12

Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and
writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hardworking intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more
complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous
internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a onepage writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to
eliza.ramirez@mail.house.gov.
MEM-280-17

The Office of U.S. Rep. Justin Amash is seeking bright, liberty-minded students
to intern for the spring, summer, and fall semesters.
Regular hours for interns in the Washington office are 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. on voting
days and 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on nonvoting days. The office may accommodate
interns who are available only part time.
Successful applicants will have a positive attitude and friendly demeanor, possess
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and demonstrate a strong
commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, and the defense of the
Constitution.
Responsibilities in the Washington office may include leading U.S. Capitol tours,
answering phones, attending legislative briefings and other meetings, entering
data, and assisting staff with legislative research and correspondence. Interns will
have the opportunity to interact with Rep. Amash on a daily basis and will learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office.
To apply for an internship, please contact our office
at mi03.internship@mail.house.gov.
Required application materials include a résumé, cover letter, and two short
writing samples. Cover letters should note availability (full or part time) and the
semester of interest.
Please include "Rep. Amash internship - Washington" in the subject line for all
Washington, DC, internship applications.

MEM-278-17

The Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee on the Republican
side of the House Foreign Affairs Committee is seeking a spring intern to handle
administrative and some policy duties in the office. Duties will include answering
phones, handling logistics for hearings, conducting research, and drafting
statements.

Page 9 of 12

Qualified candidates will have a foreign policy background, possess excellent
writing and communication skills, and be well-organized, responsible, and detailoriented.
All interested applicants should e-mail their cover letter, resume, and a 2-5 page
writing sample to tnthfac@gmail.com by September 30, 2017. Cover letters
should include the applicant's anticipated availability for the duration of the
internship; writing samples may be excerpts of larger works. No walk-ins or
phone calls please.
MEM-277-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) is seeking fall interns for his Washington
office. Spanish skills and Texas connection a plus. Send resume, brief writing
sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use the subject
line: Fall Internship application. No drop-ins please.

MEM-276-17

Legislative Fellow
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to work on issues related to the economy, housing and financial services
under the supervision of the Legislative Director.
• to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House
floor;
• to write Floor speeches for the Member
• to draft constituent correspondence for the Member; and
• to meet with constituents and special interest groups on behalf of the
Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• in an official fellowship program;
• strong academic credentials;
• strong leadership and organizational skills;
• excellent oral and written communication skills;
• thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation
and recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• ability to work well under pressure;
• commitment to inclusive prosperity and economic opportunity;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail; and
• availability to work long hours and at night.
DUTIES:
• formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas which includes:
1. devising a legislative plan;
2. drafting the plan into legislative form;
Page 10 of 12

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•

3. planning, coordinating and scheduling introduction of legislation in
the House (or offering it on an appropriate vehicle if it is an
amendment);
4. gathering support for a bill or amendment from other Members, as
well as appropriate interest groups;
5. working with committees on legislation;
6. coordinating legislative support to get the bill passed in the House.
tracks legislation and other developments in his or her assigned issue
areas and briefs the Member for floor work, committee work, work in the
district, and outside House-related activities;
monitors legislative developments within committees;
manage the Congressman’s small business portfolio and may work on
other issues based on interest;
plans and coordinates co-sponsorship and support of other legislation;
monitors legislation on the House floor, providing the Member with
information on each vote;
writes Floor speeches for the Member;
if assigned to issues pending before a specific committee, prepares for and
attends committee meetings and hearings with or without the Member
(i.e., keeps in contact with committee staff and meets with interest groups
and constituents with interests in such meetings);
performs special projects assigned by the Member or Chief of Staff/
Administrative Assistant;
meets with constituents and interest groups;
answers constituent letters and helps constituents on federal matters; and
performs other duties as assigned.

This is an unpaid position usually filled by someone in an official fellowship
program. The fellowship is available starting in August/ September with
flexibility on the end date. To apply, send an email with your cover letter
inserted into the text of the email and attach your resume and a short writing
sample (with your name saved in the title of both attached documents) to
Position.MN05@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-268-17

Congressman John Conyers, Jr. (MI-13), Dean of the House of Representatives,
Ranking Member on House Judiciary Committee, and longtime advocate for Dr.
Martin Luther King, Jr.’s vision of “Jobs, Justice, and Peace,” seeks full-time or
part-time unpaid interns/fellows with interest and/or background in
macroeconomic policy, in particular a focus on promoting a full employment
economy (see goo.gl/QP5xLV); AND/OR interest and/or background in
international relations and a deep commitment to promoting de-escalation of
conflict abroad through diplomatic engagement. While absolutely not required,
grassroots advocacy experience, web design skills, foreign language skills
(particularly Spanish, Haitian Creole, Portuguese, Arabic, Russian, or Korean),
and/or graduate degrees in a relevant field are preferred. The position will
include significant research, writing, event planning, and creative thinking to
Page 11 of 12

advance Congressman Conyers’ agenda. This is a policy-oriented position -administrative tasks will be kept to a minimum. To apply, send a resume and
brief cover letter (and, if possible, a brief writing sample on a relevant topic),
highlighting your passion, relevant experience, and potential work availability to
JobsJusticePeace2017@gmail.com. Women, minorities, immigrants, individuals
with disabilities, individuals from economically disadvantaged backgrounds, and
veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. If you are not sure whether you are
qualified, but are interested, please do not hesitate to apply.

Page 12 of 12

