________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 16, 2020

MEM-286-20

The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated,
personable and professional legislative intern for the Winter 2020 session.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing
skills, who pay close attention to detail. Maryland ties a plus. A stipend is
available.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability
to employment@mail.house.gov. If you have further questions, please call the
Intern Coordinator at (202) 225-4016.

MEM-285-20

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Spring 2021.
Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff, answer phones, drafting
constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative research and analysis,
and various other tasks. District and Florida ties are encouraged but not required.
No phone calls, follow ups or drop ins, please.

Page 1 of 10

Email FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov, with your resume, cover letter & a 1-2
page writing sample as a single PDF.
MEM-284-20

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a motivated
and reliable student to fill a full-time digital intern position in the spring.
Digital intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation,
graphic design, manual photography, videography, website maintenance,
analytics and performing other press and administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, OBS Studio, as well as
compiling and interpreting social media analytics.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment and willingness to
learn is a must; sense of humor strongly encouraged. This position reports to the
communications director. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and portfolio
to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-283-20

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seeks a
motivated, reliable, and detail-oriented student with a passion for
communications to fill a full-time press intern position in the spring.
The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task
in a fast-paced environment. Press intern responsibilities include, but are not
limited to, compiling press clips, maintaining press lists, and drafting press
releases. This position reports to the communications director and broader
communications team.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a
resume and cover letter to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.

MEM-282-20

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking virtual Winter interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned. Successful
candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working, detailoriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player. Nevada ties
are strongly preferred. Nevada residents will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Winter Intern” in the subject line.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.
Page 2 of 10

MEM-281-20

The Office of Congressman Pete Stauber in Washington D.C. is seeking interns
for the Spring of 2020.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office, giving
Capitol tours, greeting constituents, assisting legislative staff with research,
assisting with constituent letters, and other tasks as assigned. NOTE - These
responsibilities are subject to change due to COVID-19 and teleworking policy.
Preferred candidates are current college students or recent graduates who have
excellent customer service skills, have a strong work ethic, and pay close
attention to detail. Qualified candidates will also have strong oral and written
communication skills and be able to work well on a team. Minnesota ties are
required, and Minnesota-08 ties are preferred.
Internships include a monthly stipend and the office will work with current
students to receive college credits. Interested applications should send their
resume, brief cover letter, and references to Eric.Gebhart@mail.house.gov.
Please indicate expected start and end dates.

MEM-277-20

U.S. Congresswoman Katie Porter’s Office is seeking highly motivated
undergraduates and recent graduates for her DC office internship program for
the months of January-April.
Intern responsibilities will include both policy and administrative support. Interns
may sort and draft constituent correspondence, compile media clips, answer
phones, research legislation, assist legislative staff, or perform other
responsibilities based on the office’s needs and student’s interests.
Interns are expected to work from 9 am to 6 pm. Currently this is a remote
internship opportunity, but it may transition to an in-person internship. A monthly
stipend will be provided.
To apply for an internship, please:
Email a cover letter, resume, and two references
to CAFreshman.Internship@Mail.house.gov with "Winter Internship" in the
subject line.
Qualified candidates should be organized, detail-oriented, able to multitask, and
possess strong writing skills. Representative Porter’s office is an equal
opportunity employer and minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are
encouraged to apply. Applications will be accepted through December 4, 2020.

Page 3 of 10

MEM-276-20

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is seeking full or part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written
and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include (but are not limited to): attending Congressional hearings
and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting
legislative staff with research.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to ally.hibben@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Spring 2021
Internship.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-275-20

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy to
apply for its paid, full-time spring 2020 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
To apply, please visit : https://republicans-cha.house.gov/about/internshipapplication-old and submit your application by December 4th. Please send any
questions to CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov

MEM-274-20

The Democratic office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology is
currently accepting applications for a full-time paid internship for Winter 2021.
This position will be a combination of telework and in-office work as safety and
logistics permit.
Interns will be given an opportunity to work on substantive projects under the
direction of Committee Staff while also serving a general administrative function.
Typical intern duties include working closely with staff to complete long-term or
short-term projects, preparing research memos on scientific topics, supporting
Page 4 of 10

staff in the preparation of Committee hearing materials, and participating in
events related to the Committee’s jurisdiction.
Candidates should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, have a strong appreciation for situational awareness, be
able to multitask, and be adaptable to a fast-paced environment. An interest in
topics relevant to the committee’s jurisdiction is preferred.
Interested applicants should apply at the following
link: https://science.house.gov/contact/internships
Please no drop-ins or phone calls.
MEM-273-20

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks fulltime legislative or press interns for spring 2021.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to conducting legislative research,
answering phones, attending briefings and hearings for staff, compiling press
clips, drafting content, and other tasks depending on the needs of the Committee
and the intern’s interests. Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written
communications skills as well as a desire to help veterans and learn about the
House and legislative process.
To apply, fill out the online form
at https://veterans.house.gov/contact/internship and submit a resume and cover
letter to veterans.internships@mail.house.gov. Internships are unpaid and remote
during the COVID-19 pandemic.

MEM-271-20

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the spring internship session. The
start date could be as early as Dec 1 (flexible depending on availability) with a
flexible end date. Internships are unpaid, but stipends can be discussed with a
supervisor after the internship begins.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to JeffVanDrewNJ@gmail.com. Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re
Page 5 of 10

applying for a spring internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume],
[Full Name_Cover Letter].
MEM-270-20

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
with our DC office for the Spring 2020 session. The internship would begin in
January and last until early May. Our specific dates are tentative on the release of
the official House schedule.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge over the
day-to-day happenings within Congress. Additionally, interns co-currently
enrolled in an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship
is an ideal fit for any student that is interested in politics, law or government –
however, any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the
legislative staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours,
and helping with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate or graduate student, or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. The deadline to apply for the
Spring Session is Sunday, November 22nd. Interested candidates should address
their application materials to Collin Sabine at Interns.NC03@gmail.com.
Applications should include a cover letter, resume, and what the individual’s
internship schedule may look like.

MEM-267-20

Conservative Colorado office is currently accepting applications for full-time
interns for the spring 2021 internship session in the Washington, DC
office. Colorado ties are preferred but not required. Flexible start date as early as
January with a flexible end date in May. Interns are paid a monthly stipend and
have access to transit benefits.
Our interns are a valuable addition to our office operations and will be working
with staff in a variety of tasks. Some tasks may include: greeting visitors in the
front office, answering phones, and assisting with press and constituent mail.
If interested, please send a cover letter and resume
to CO05internship@mail.house.gov with your availability.

MEM-266-20

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Government Operations, is seeking an energetic and selfmotivated graduate student for a full-time internship for Spring 2021.

Page 6 of 10

The position offers the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting
and fast-paced Subcommittee, while participating directly in the oversight
process and learning about the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting staff in preparing for
congressional hearings, writing floor speeches, conducting legal and factual
research, drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive Branch and private sector officials. Interns play a key role in the office
and will work closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Background: The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to
investigate any matter at any time. The Subcommittee on Government Operations
has jurisdiction over issues related to the federal civil service, whistleblower
protections, the U.S. Postal Service; government management and accounting
measures; the economy, efficiency, and management of government operations
and activities; government reorganization; intergovernmental affairs, including
state and local governments; federal information technology security, acquisition
policy, and management; and federal property.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Applicants should be willing to be in the office full time.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing their
resume and cover letter in one PDF titled “last name, first name, Spring 2021
GovOps” to Government.Operations@mail.house.gov with “Spring 2021
Internship Application” in the subject line.
No phone calls or drop-ins please. Only applicants who are selected for an
interview will receive a response.
MEM-262-20

The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a highly
motivated part-time virtual intern for Spring 2021.
This is a paid internship. Qualified candidates will be dependable team players
and will possess strong writing, editing, verbal communication, and
organizational skills. Experience with research is a plus since there are
opportunities to work with the legislative staff on relevant issues.
This position’s responsibilities include assisting with projects assigned from other
staff members, data entry, and drafting correspondence. Interns will have the
opportunity to attend Capitol Hill briefings, hearings, and other informative
events that are available.

Page 7 of 10

Interns will also have the ability to gain professional and educational experience
while learning more about Congress and the legislative process. Wisconsin ties
are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample (23 pages), and dates of availability to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov with
“Spring 2021 Internship” in the subject line. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority
candidates are encouraged to apply.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
MEM-259-20

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for remote internships for the
Washington, DC office.
Qualified applicants should have strong communications skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. Interns will be provided with computers to complete official work.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Assisting legislative staff with research, attending congressional briefings,
participating in hearing preparation, drafting constituent correspondence on a
variety of issues, assisting with drafting talking points and press releases, creating
graphics for social media, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning in January
2021. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample
to Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line.
Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours available to work in
your cover letter.

MEM-257-20

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for spring 2021. This position is remote. If the public health situation
changes significantly, the position could transition to in-office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need and ties to Tennessee’s 9th District. Interns
will work for 10-16 weeks (January-April). Applications are reviewed on a
rolling basis.

Page 8 of 10

Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.
MEM-254-20

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking a Full-time Virtual
Intern to begin at the end of December or beginning of January.
While an intern will work mainly with D.C.-based staff, applicants can be located
in the D.C./Maryland/Virginia (DMV) area OR in the Congressman’s
congressional district (WI-02) during their tenure.
Interns in our office perform legislative and administrative work while gaining
valuable career and educational experience. Specific duties include drafting
constituent correspondence, attending virtual policy briefings, performing
legislative research, producing daily press clips, and supporting staff members on
various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong written communication skills,
and are committed to public service. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample
to Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “Virtual Pocan Internship 2021” in the
subject line.
Page 9 of 10

Interested applicants should also apply to the scholarship program
at: https://pocan.house.gov/scholarship-program
MEM-090-20

The Committee on Education and Labor, Majority is currently seeking a second
or third year graduate or law student as a ‘Labor Policy Intern’ or ‘Labor Policy
Fellow’ for the spring of 2020. Interns and Fellows perform a variety of tasks that
support the staff in our legislative work.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to: legislative research, legal
research, and fact checking; technical writing including legislation, memos, and
speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution; and
attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of
informing staff and Members as they work to craft legislation and policy
proposals.
Applicants should be able to start immediately and commit through May.
Graduates and Fellows should be able to demonstrate study, practical or policy
experience in issues relevant to the Committee. Fellows must be participating in
an established fellowship program.
Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and internship
applicant information form to E&L_Interns&Fellows@mail.house.gov. Please,
also, include two short, relevant writing samples in your application materials.
Applicants may visit our website at https://edlabor.house.gov/about/internships
for more information.

Page 10 of 10

