________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 8, 2024

MEM-153-24

DIGITAL AND PRESS INTERN
The House Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democratic Staff seeks a
motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time digital
media and traditional press intern position this Summer.
The intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content creation,
graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and administrative tasks
as necessary. Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such
as Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as
compiling and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced,
rapid response environment and willingness to learn are a must. This position
reports to the Communications Director. Candidates with diverse backgrounds
and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov

MEM-149-24

SUMMER 2024 DISTRICT OFFICE INTERNS
Office of Congresswoman Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick (D-FL-20)
Summer 2024 Interns – The Office of Congresswoman Cherfilus-McCormick, a
member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee (HFAC) and Ranking Member
of the House Veterans’ Affairs Subcommittee on Technology Modernization
(HVAC) seeks motivated, detail-oriented, individuals to gain constituent-oriented
Page 1 of 9

internship experience in our wonderful District office for the Summer of 2024
(Jun-Aug). Current college students and recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Responsibilities will include:
District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, analyzing district
casework trends, conducting research, engaging in constituent correspondence,
and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the District Chief of Staff.
As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions of our impactful
District office.
Expectations:
• Maintain a positive attitude and good working relationship with the Office;
• Exceptional writing, research, and analytical skills;
• Meet attendance requirements as established by the Office; and
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment while completing short and long
term-projects.
To Apply:
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. The Office will contact the bestqualified candidates to begin the interview process. Application materials must be
received by 5:00pm EST on April 19th, 2024.
To apply, please email Edward.Mejia@mail.house.gov with “Summer 2024
[Administrative/Communication] Intern” in the subject line and the following
materials: (1) cover letter, (2) resume, (3) a writing sample and (4) unofficial
transcript.
The Office of Representative Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick is an equal
opportunity employer. The Office does not discriminate on the basis of an
individual’s race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service. The
Office is committed to diversity and inclusion. Individuals from all backgrounds
are encouraged to apply.
MEM-148-24

SUMMER 2024 WASHINGTON, DC INTERNS
Office of Congresswoman Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick (D-FL-20)
Summer 2024 Interns – The Office of Congresswoman Cherfilus-McCormick, a
member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee (HFAC) and Ranking Member
of the House Veterans’ Affairs Subcommittee on Technology Modernization
(HVAC) seeks legislative, administrative, and communications interns for the
Summer of 2024 (Jun-Aug). Current college students and recent graduates are
welcome to apply.
Responsibilities will include:

Page 2 of 9

Legislative Intern: Answering phones, tracking legislation, assisting with briefing
materials for hearings, and researching policy topics for the Legislative team.
Administrative Intern: Answering phones, greeting guests, drafting memos,
attending briefings, and supporting office operations.
Communication Intern: Answering phones, developing graphics/videos for social
media, identifying relevant media contacts at the local, state, and national levels,
and drafting talking points, floor speeches, press releases, and other
communications collateral.
Expectations:
•Maintain a positive attitude and good working relationship with the Office;
•Exceptional writing, research, and analytical skills;
•Meet attendance requirements as established by the Office; and
•Ability to work in a fast-paced environment while completing short and long
term-projects.
Compensation:
$800 monthly stipend (full-time availability preferred).
To Apply:
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. The Office will contact the bestqualified candidates to begin the interview process. Application materials must be
received by 5:00pm EST on April 19th, 2024.
To apply, please email Lorenzo.gari@mail.house.gov with “Summer 2024
[Legislative/Administrative/Communication] Intern” in the subject line and the
following materials: (1) cover letter, (2) resume, (3) a writing sample and (4)
unofficial transcript.
The Office of Representative Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick is an equal
opportunity employer. The Office does not discriminate on the basis of an
individual’s race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service. The
Office is committed to diversity and inclusion. Individuals from all backgrounds
are encouraged to apply.
MEM-142-24

Oversight and Investigations Law Clerk
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight
and Investigations (Democratic Staff) is seeking a Law Clerk for Summer 2024 to
assist in conducting oversight and investigations of issues within the Committee’s
broad jurisdiction.

Page 3 of 9

Law Clerks will work closely with Subcommittee counsel and professional staff
on a wide range of issues related to the environment, energy, health care, and
consumer protection sectors.
Responsibilities include assisting in the preparation for Congressional hearings;
contributing to the management of investigations of governmental and private
entities; conducting research, document review, and analysis; drafting letters,
memoranda, and investigative reports; and coordinating with other
Subcommittees of the full Committee.
The successful candidate is a current law student or recent law school graduate
who is a detail- oriented and proactive problem-solver with strong
communication and legal research and writing skills. Women, people of color,
veterans, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is
an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Law clerks
will receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s assistance to
receive credit from their educational institution.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to internshipresume.ec@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C O&I Law
Clerk.”
MEM-140-24

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks a full-time, paid Summer Data Intern for a 10-week internship.
The Summer Data Intern will help to support sensitive inquiries into allegations
of possible violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current
Members, Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives, as well as other
administrative functions.
The OCE is seeking candidates interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics
and transparency within the House of Representatives. The OCE’s investigations
often address: campaign finance violations, misuse of official resources, conflicts
of interest, and financial disclosure omissions. The Summer Data Intern would
join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team.
Core Responsibilities:
•Assist the OCE in investigations and case development through the tool-assisted
analysis of open source data;
•Support investigative team as appropriate;
•Develop and design simple investigative-databases; and
•Communicate findings to internal stakeholders.
Page 4 of 9

Qualifications:
•Currently pursuing a degree in a quantitative science, engineering, or other
STEM field;
•At least a 3.0 GPA on a 4-point scale;
•Prior paid work experience in a STEM or Policy related field, such as:
*Computational Social Science,
*Computer Science,
*Data Analytics,
*Economics
*Engineering,
*Mathematics,
*Statistics,
*or Political Science;
•Experience using data in real-world scenarios through thesis research,
internships, or work experience;
•Demonstrated ability to work alongside non-technical teams;
•Desirable but not required:
*Experience using machine learning or artificial intelligence to analyze open
source data;
*Experience reading semi-structured data using OCR or AI; and
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters.
Duties:
•Gather publicly available information/records related to potential new matters
and/or ongoing matters;
•Conduct ongoing research and case development projects;
•Work with lead Investigative Counsels on cases to support investigations;
•Database management to include:
*Creating simple relational databases
*Querying open-source and internal databases
*Conducting exploratory analyses on databases
•Other duties as required.
Requirements:
•At least three years into an undergraduate degree OR currently pursuing a
graduate degree
Compensation:
•The Summer Data Intern will be paid commensurate with experience, unless
prohibited from receiving compensation in order to receive educational credit.
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter and resume (electronic submissions preferred) to:

Page 5 of 9

Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-139-24

Summer internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be held in-person in the
Eagan, MN office and Washington, D.C. office.
We are not accepting remote or hybrid applicants at this time. The internship will
run approximately from May 20, 2024, through August 18, 2024, with some
room for flexibility. All interns are paid a stipend and provided with the
necessary technology for their work. Schedules are flexible to accommodate
course schedules and academic programs; however, a minimum availability of
20-25 hours per week is highly preferred.
All interns will have the opportunity to work with staff in both offices over the
course of the internship and the program is easily tailored to fit interns’ policy
interests and career goals. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative
process, learn about all the different functions of a congressional office and gain
hands-on professional experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s
Second Congressional District.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident
and effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong
writing skills. They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with
the general public.
Application Instructions:
• To apply for an internship in either the MN or DC office, please email a
combined PDF of your resume and one-page cover letter
to craig.internships@mail.house.gov. Please format your email subject line as
“FirstName.LastName – District Office Internship" OR "FirstName.LastName –
DC Office Internship."
• Please include your weekly availability between the hours of 9:00am and
6:00pm in your cover letter and confirm that you will be available for in-person
work.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented
backgrounds to apply. Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status.
For Summer internships, applications must be submitted no later than 11:59pm
CT on Wednesday, April 10, 2024. Late submissions will not be considered nor

Page 6 of 9

accepted. If you have any questions regarding the internship program or the
application process, please email craig.internships@mail.house.gov
MEM-134-24

Congressman Jared Huffman (CA-02), Ranking Member of the Water, Wildlife,
and Fisheries Subcommittee, is seeking applicants for the summer 2024
internship program in his Washington D.C. office.
Interns' responsibilities will vary, and range from answering phones, compiling
press clips, booking and leading tours, conducting research for legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings, and drafting constituent letters on various issues
before the House. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals
with great communication and writing skills. California ties are preferred.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, dates and
hours of availability and 2 references to DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on
the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation,
gender identity, or disability. The office is currently operating with a modified
telecommuting policy.

MEM-124-24

The Office of Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) seeks highly motivated,
detail oriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in both the
Washington, D.C. Office and the Hot Springs District Office for the Summer of
2024.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping the 4th
Congressional District of Arkansas. Intern responsibilities include answering
constituent phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting
legislative research, and assisting with correspondence. Interns should have a
positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication
skills.
Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters who can take and listen to
directions, while being able to work independently and as part of a team.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics
as well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks and participate in office
activities. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates.
The office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.
To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Westerman
visit westerman.house.gov and follow the application instructions as listed. If you
have any questions, please feel free to call our office at (202) 225-3772.
Page 7 of 9

MEM-123-24

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for April-June. Please indicate availability in the first sentence of the cover letter.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample at the following link: cartwright.house.gov/services/internships
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-119-24

Congresswoman Brittany Pettersen’s Washington DC and Lakewood District
offices are seeking paid congressional interns for Summer 2024.
The internship is in-person and will run from late May to August. Dates are
flexible. This internship is open to undergraduate students and recent college
graduates.
This internship provides students with a firsthand understanding of the functions
of a congressional office and the legislative process. Intern responsibilities vary
but include answering phones, sorting mail, researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, giving tours of the
Capitol building, and drafting press releases and constituent letters on various
issues. Additionally, the office encourages and will facilitate networking
opportunities for interns and staff members.
Internship hours are flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules, but
generally run from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. EST in the DC office, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. MT in the District office. Applicants must have a high school diploma.
Applicants who are rising juniors in college or further in their education or
careers will be prioritized. Applicants must be able to commit to working at least
20 hours a week. Applicants with Colorado ties are strongly prioritized.
Internships are eligible for a paid monthly stipend.
To apply, please send an email with your resume, cover letter and writing sample
(maximum length of 5 pages) to CO07internapplications@mail.house.gov with
Page 8 of 9

“[Your Last Name] [Season][Year] DC Internship” in the subject line- for
example: “Smith Summer 2023 DC Internship". Please include your dates of
availability in your submission.
If submitted after April 15th, applications will only be considered on a rolling
basis.
MEM-118-24

Rep. Troy E. Nehls, a member of the House Judiciary Committee, including the
immigration and crime subcommittees, and House Freedom Caucus is accepting
law clerk applications for summer 2024.
Law clerks will engage in a range of activities, including preparing for and
attending Judiciary hearings, conducting legal and policy research, writing
memos and legislation, drafting oversight and constituent letters, giving tours,
answering phones, and performing other administrative duties.
Candidates must have strong writing skills and be able to work in a team-oriented
environment. Law clerks will work under the direct supervision of Rep. Nehls’
Judiciary Committee staff. Ideal candidates are current law students who have a
demonstrated passion for federal policy and America First priorities.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume and cover letter
to taylor.reaves@mail.house.gov.

Page 9 of 9

