________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 25, 2024

MEM-140-24

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks a full-time, paid Summer Data Intern for a 10-week internship.
The Summer Data Intern will help to support sensitive inquiries into allegations
of possible violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current
Members, Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives, as well as other
administrative functions.
The OCE is seeking candidates interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics
and transparency within the House of Representatives. The OCE’s investigations
often address: campaign finance violations, misuse of official resources, conflicts
of interest, and financial disclosure omissions. The Summer Data Intern would
join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team.
Core Responsibilities:
•Assist the OCE in investigations and case development through the tool-assisted
analysis of open source data;
•Support investigative team as appropriate;
•Develop and design simple investigative-databases; and
•Communicate findings to internal stakeholders.
Qualifications:
•Currently pursuing a degree in a quantitative science, engineering, or other
Page 1 of 17

STEM field;
•At least a 3.0 GPA on a 4-point scale;
•Prior paid work experience in a STEM or Policy related field, such as:
*Computational Social Science,
*Computer Science,
*Data Analytics,
*Economics
*Engineering,
*Mathematics,
*Statistics,
*or Political Science;
•Experience using data in real-world scenarios through thesis research,
internships, or work experience;
•Demonstrated ability to work alongside non-technical teams;
•Desirable but not required:
*Experience using machine learning or artificial intelligence to analyze open
source data;
*Experience reading semi-structured data using OCR or AI; and
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters.
Duties:
•Gather publicly available information/records related to potential new matters
and/or ongoing matters;
•Conduct ongoing research and case development projects;
•Work with lead Investigative Counsels on cases to support investigations;
•Database management to include:
*Creating simple relational databases
*Querying open-source and internal databases
*Conducting exploratory analyses on databases
•Other duties as required.
Requirements:
•At least three years into an undergraduate degree OR currently pursuing a
graduate degree
Compensation:
•The Summer Data Intern will be paid commensurate with experience, unless
prohibited from receiving compensation in order to receive educational credit.
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter and resume (electronic submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
Page 2 of 17

MEM-139-24

Summer internships in Rep. Angie Craig’s office will be held in-person in the
Eagan, MN office and Washington, D.C. office.
We are not accepting remote or hybrid applicants at this time. The internship will
run approximately from May 20, 2024, through August 18, 2024, with some
room for flexibility. All interns are paid a stipend and provided with the
necessary technology for their work. Schedules are flexible to accommodate
course schedules and academic programs; however, a minimum availability of
20-25 hours per week is highly preferred.
All interns will have the opportunity to work with staff in both offices over the
course of the internship and the program is easily tailored to fit interns’ policy
interests and career goals. As a result, interns will learn about the legislative
process, learn about all the different functions of a congressional office and gain
hands-on professional experience while serving the constituents of Minnesota’s
Second Congressional District.
Successful internship candidates are passionate about public service, confident
and effective communicators, proactive problem-solvers and possess strong
writing skills. They also are comfortable speaking on the phone and working with
the general public.
Application Instructions:
• To apply for an internship in either the MN or DC office, please email a
combined PDF of your resume and one-page cover letter
to craig.internships@mail.house.gov. Please format your email subject line as
“FirstName.LastName – District Office Internship" OR "FirstName.LastName –
DC Office Internship."
• Please include your weekly availability between the hours of 9:00am and
6:00pm in your cover letter and confirm that you will be available for in-person
work.
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to Minnesota (especially the Second
Congressional District) and those from traditionally underrepresented
backgrounds to apply. Rep. Craig’s office is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status.
For Summer internships, applications must be submitted no later than 11:59pm
CT on Wednesday, April 10, 2024. Late submissions will not be considered nor
accepted. If you have any questions regarding the internship program or the
application process, please email craig.internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 3 of 17

MEM-138-24

“Congressman Emanuel Cleaver’s Washington, D.C. office is seeking summer
interns from May through August. Intern responsibilities vary daily but typically
include sorting constituent mail, answering the phones, attending hearings and
briefings, leading tours, drafting constituent response letters, and assisting the
legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have strong written and interpersonal skills, a positive
work ethic, and the ability to manage multiple tasks at once. The ideal candidate
can work a full-time schedule.
To apply, please submit a single PDF containing a cover letter with intended start
and end dates, a resume, and a writing sample
to MO5internships@mail.house.gov. Applications for the summer internship are
due by Friday, April 5 at 11:59 PM.
The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.”

MEM-134-24

Congressman Jared Huffman (CA-02), Ranking Member of the Water, Wildlife,
and Fisheries Subcommittee, is seeking applicants for the summer 2024
internship program in his Washington D.C. office.
Interns' responsibilities will vary, and range from answering phones, compiling
press clips, booking and leading tours, conducting research for legislative staff,
attending hearings and briefings, and drafting constituent letters on various issues
before the House. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals
with great communication and writing skills. California ties are preferred.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, dates and
hours of availability and 2 references to DCInternship.Huffman@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on
the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation,
gender identity, or disability. The office is currently operating with a modified
telecommuting policy.

MEM-132-24

The Office of Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR-06) is seeking candidates
for a full-time (40 hours a week) ten-week summer internship in our Washington
D.C. office. The preferred dates of this internship are starting on mid-June and
mid-July but can be flexible.
Interns will get an in-depth look at the operations and functions of a
congressional office, including policy, communications, office operations and

Page 4 of 17

constituent services. Interns will get opportunities to attend hearings and
briefings; assist with constituent services; and research legislation.
Qualifications:
•Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
•Ability to speak courteously with constituents
•Ability to work independently and as a part of a team
•Attention to detail and eagerness to go above and beyond
•Professionalism and demonstrated interest in public service
•OR-06 ties are preferred, but not required
Compensation information:
•Interns will be paid $3,200 for the duration of a ten-week long, full-time position
•Academic credit may be available and should be arranged with your academic
institution.
The Office is an equal employment opportunity employer and, consistent with the
Congressional Accountability Act (“CAA”) and House Rule XXIII, does not
discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, parental status, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable
federal law. This means that these factors will not be the basis for any hiring,
discharge, promotion, pay, benefits, or
reassignment decision or action, or any other personnel or job action affecting the
terms, conditions, and privileges of employment. Consistent with the CAA, the
Office may, however, consider party affiliation, domicile, and political
compatibility in making employment decisions.
Application:
We are currently accepting applications for an internship based in Washington
D.C. If interested in a district-based internship, please
check Salinas.house.gov for more information on all internships available.
To apply, please complete the online
form: https://salinas.house.gov/services/internships. Please note that you must
include your resume, cover letter, and a writing sample that is no longer than 2
pages all in PDF format. Rolling applications are open until March 31st at 11:59
pm PST.
MEM-130-24

The Office of Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) is seeking Summer interns for in-person
positions.
Responsibilities will include communicating with constituents, generating
engaging content for the Member’s official social pages (including Facebook,
Twitter, and Instagram), designing graphics, conducting legislative research,
Page 5 of 17

preparing policy memos for both the Member and legislative staff, drafting
constituent letters, and potentially guiding U.S. Capitol tours. Additional
responsibilities – such as creating short video clips or pitching legislative
initiatives – are considered based on collaborative goal-setting conversations
between interns and their supervisors at the beginning of the internship.
This is a unique opportunity to gain both legislative and communications
experience in a supportive, collaborative, and enriching environment. Ideal
applicants will be skilled communicators who are kind, curious, and enthusiastic.
In addition, experience with conducting research, as well as a background in
iMovie, the Adobe creative suite, and TweetDeck, will also be evaluated.
All interns are paid $17.00 per hour for a maximum of 40 hours a week. The
Office of Rep. Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national
origin, age, or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a short writing sample (no more
than 2-pages), 2 sample tweets on a current event, a sample graphic (optional)
and availability to ca17operations@mail.house.gov no later than Tuesday, March
26th.
MEM-124-24

The Office of Congressman Bruce Westerman (AR-04) seeks highly motivated,
detail oriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in both the
Washington, D.C. Office and the Hot Springs District Office for the Summer of
2024.
Interns will work in a fast-paced environment, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the U.S. Congress while helping the 4th
Congressional District of Arkansas. Intern responsibilities include answering
constituent phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting
legislative research, and assisting with correspondence. Interns should have a
positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication
skills.
Successful interns will be detail-oriented self-starters who can take and listen to
directions, while being able to work independently and as part of a team.
Applicants should have a working knowledge of current events and policy topics
as well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks and participate in office
activities. Arkansas ties strongly preferred.
Internships are open to college and graduate students as well as recent graduates.
The office offers paid and unpaid internships depending on availability.

Page 6 of 17

To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Westerman
visit westerman.house.gov and follow the application instructions as listed. If you
have any questions, please feel free to call our office at (202) 225-3772.
MEM-123-24

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for April-June. Please indicate availability in the first sentence of the cover letter.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample at the following link: cartwright.house.gov/services/internships
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-121-24

The Office of Congressman Jamie Raskin (MD-08) seeks an excellent writer to
join our team as a part-time, temporary Correspondence Fellow. This is a 90 day,
twenty hours per week position in the Washington D.C. office.
This position is responsible for assisting the Legislative Correspondent and
legislative team with the office’s busy constituent mail program, primarily by
drafting accurate, lively, and timely responses to constituent mail.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: drafting replies to constituent
letters, including any research necessary; proofreading mail; providing
administrative assistance as required; and other duties as assigned.
The successful candidate must be a motivated team player with exceptional
writing skills, scrupulous attention to detail, strong organizational abilities,
effective time management, and a professional demeanor. Strong applicants could
include college, graduate students and early career candidates with a passion for
writing and who are interested in learning how Members of Congress
communicate with their constituents.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply. The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
Page 7 of 17

religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity and
expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation, or any other
characteristic protected by applicable law, in any of its activities or operations.
To apply, please send an email to MD08.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“Correspondence Fellow: Your Last Name” in the subject line and the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF:
•Cover letter (not to exceed one page) – please customize your letter to this
position
•Resume
•Two writing samples (not to exceed one page each)
•Two references (not to exceed one page) – for each reference, please include
name, current title/office, phone number, email, and a one-sentence description of
your
relationship to the reference
The deadline to apply is 5:00 p.m. on March 26, 2024.
MEM-119-24

Congresswoman Brittany Pettersen’s Washington DC and Lakewood District
offices are seeking paid congressional interns for Summer 2024.
The internship is in-person and will run from late May to August. Dates are
flexible. This internship is open to undergraduate students and recent college
graduates.
This internship provides students with a firsthand understanding of the functions
of a congressional office and the legislative process. Intern responsibilities vary
but include answering phones, sorting mail, researching legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, giving tours of the
Capitol building, and drafting press releases and constituent letters on various
issues. Additionally, the office encourages and will facilitate networking
opportunities for interns and staff members.
Internship hours are flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules, but
generally run from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. EST in the DC office, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. MT in the District office. Applicants must have a high school diploma.
Applicants who are rising juniors in college or further in their education or
careers will be prioritized. Applicants must be able to commit to working at least
20 hours a week. Applicants with Colorado ties are strongly prioritized.
Internships are eligible for a paid monthly stipend.
To apply, please send an email with your resume, cover letter and writing sample
(maximum length of 5 pages) to CO07internapplications@mail.house.gov with
“[Your Last Name] [Season][Year] DC Internship” in the subject line- for

Page 8 of 17

example: “Smith Summer 2023 DC Internship". Please include your dates of
availability in your submission.
If submitted after April 15th, applications will only be considered on a rolling
basis.
MEM-118-24

Rep. Troy E. Nehls, a member of the House Judiciary Committee, including the
immigration and crime subcommittees, and House Freedom Caucus is accepting
law clerk applications for summer 2024.
Law clerks will engage in a range of activities, including preparing for and
attending Judiciary hearings, conducting legal and policy research, writing
memos and legislation, drafting oversight and constituent letters, giving tours,
answering phones, and performing other administrative duties.
Candidates must have strong writing skills and be able to work in a team-oriented
environment. Law clerks will work under the direct supervision of Rep. Nehls’
Judiciary Committee staff. Ideal candidates are current law students who have a
demonstrated passion for federal policy and America First priorities.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume and cover letter
to taylor.reaves@mail.house.gov.

MEM-117-24

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Summer
2024 internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates,
and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in Congresswoman
DeLauro's office entail both administrative and legislative work. Interns are
involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment as well as possess excellent writing skills and an enthusiastic
attitude. Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to
work in a highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form (which can
be found on delauro.house.gov) along with a cover letter, resume, brief writing
sample (1-2 pages), and two reference contacts
to Claybrook.Vaughan@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Summer 2024
Internship” by 11:59PM on March 30. Please send completed application form

Page 9 of 17

and all application materials in a single PDF file.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.
MEM-115-24

The office of Congressman Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications for
paid legislative internships for the summer term.
The ideal candidate will have excellent communication and written skills, interest
in the legislative process, resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fastpaced environment. Ties to the Bay Area or California are preferred, but not
required.
Responsibilities include answering phones, research, drafting constituent
correspondence, attending policy briefings and hearings, recommending
legislation to the Congressman, and other tasks as assigned. The summer term
begins mid- to late-May and ends early- to mid-August with flexible start and end
dates. Work will be in-person.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as
one PDF to MullinInternships@gmail.com. Email subject line should follow the
following format: LastName, FirstName – Summer Internship. Additionally,
please note your availability and any ties to the Bay Area or California in the
body of your email along with days and times you would not be available during
the workweek. Applications must be submitted by March 29th. Due to the large
volume of applicants, only those who are selected for interviews will be
contacted.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-114-24

The office of Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) is seeking college juniors
and seniors, recent graduates, and grad students for summer interns in her
Washington, D.C. and District offices.
Responsibilities will include:
•Answering phones,
•Conducting a semester-long capstone project,
•Writing constituent letters,
•Assisting legislative staff with research,
•Categorizing mail,
Page 10 of 17

•Attending briefings and hearings, and
•Conducting Capitol tours for constituents.
Successful candidates will work well under pressure, are organized, hardworking, detail-oriented, have customer service/retail experience, and can have
some fun! Ohio ties are preferred but not required, and candidates of color,
women, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interns will
be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to OH11InternResumes@mail.house.gov with “Summer Intern [LASTNAME]”
in the subject line. The deadline to apply is April 1st, close of business. No phone
calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-111-24

The Office of Congresswoman Cori Bush (MO-01) is seeking interns for the
summer 2024 session in both her Washington D.C. and St. Louis offices. These
internships are part-time paid positions and generally run from May 2024 through
August 2024.
Ideal applicants should possess excellent written and oral communication skills,
strong attention to detail and an interest in public service. This is a great
opportunity to join a dynamic team, intent on doing the absolute most for
everyone in St. Louis, starting with those who have the greatest need.
As an intern, you will have the opportunity to serve in a wide range of capacities.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: assistance with overall day-to-day
operations, writing correspondence, handling mail, managing phone calls,
assisting with tour requests (D.C.) and constituent casework (STL), when
applicable. Interns will also have the opportunity to support a congressional
office while gaining first-hand knowledge about day-to-day operations, the
legislative process and the overall structure within various congressional offices.
This internship pays $15 per hour and will be based on an approximate 20 – 25hour work week. Interested applicants, please click the link below to apply.
Applicants with St. Louis ties are preferred, but not required.
This internship is open to all undergraduate and recently graduated students. The
Office of Congresswoman Cori Bush is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, criminal history or parental status. Women, people of color,
LGBTQIA+, unhoused people, formerly incarcerated individuals, and members
of other marginalized communities are encouraged to apply. Due to a high
volume of applicants, a response is not guaranteed. No phone calls or drop-ins,
please.

Page 11 of 17

Applications will close on March 29, 2024.
https://airtable.com/appA6edWSxJlKEEgm/shrbg3rJtcYafE3rO
MEM-110-24

The U.S. House Committee on Homeland Security (Democrats) is accepting
applications for legislative internships in Washington, DC, for Summer 2024.
This internship will provide an invaluable experience to see the inner workings of
Capitol Hill and learn about the legislative process. This is a full-time, limitedterm position, and it offers a monthly stipend.
Qualified applicants will have strong writing and communication skills, the
ability to manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and
demonstrate a solid work ethic. Internship responsibilities will include
administrative tasks (answering phones, sorting mail, etc.) and legislative tasks
(attending hearings/briefings, assisting legislative staff, and more).
This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. House Paid Interns will need to provide
documentation of U.S. Citizenship.
Please send resume and cover letter with the subject line “Homeland Internship
Summer 2024” to homeland.internships@mail.house.gov. The deadline to apply
is April 1, 2024.

MEM-104-24

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergrad students and recent graduates for Legislative Interns.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well
as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fastpaced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a
sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time
candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly
Page 12 of 17

encouraged to apply. Interns will receive a stipend, and applicants may request
the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your
cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and
whether you are available to work full-time or part-time. Please put "2024
Legislative Intern Application” in the subject line. Applications will be accepted
on a rolling basis. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-097-24

The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated
candidates for a paid Summer 2024 internship position in our Washington, D.C.
and Las Vegas, Nevada offices.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills,
can multi-task, and is committed to being a team player. Responsibilities will
include answering phones, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the Capitol, and conducting legislative and administrative work to
support the needs of the Congresswoman’s staff.
The internship will run from May to August, from 9am-6pm when Congress is in
session and from 9am-5pm when Congress is not in session. Ties to Nevada’s
First District are strongly preferred.
The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status. Women, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of
other historically marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
To apply, interested applicants should
visit https://titus.house.gov/services/congressional-internship-application.htm. No
calls or drop-ins, please. Applications will be accepted until Friday, March 29th
with applications considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-087-24

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Rules is seeking full-time, energetic
interns for the summer (June – August).
Our interns work closely with Committee staff to prepare materials for
Committee meetings, conduct research projects, learn about the Rules of the
House and the special-order process, and complete a variety of other
administrative tasks. Ideal candidates have strong writing skills, a good work
ethic, an interest in learning about House floor procedures, and are detailoriented. Applicants must have a positive attitude and be willing to perform a
variety of tasks.
Page 13 of 17

A stipend will be available for qualified candidates. No calls or drop-ins please.
Massachusetts ties are a plus. Please apply by April 1st, 2024. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds or with untraditional experience to apply.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with the subject line:
Legislative Intern Summer 2024 – Last Name, First Name explaining why you
want to join the Democratic staff of the House Rules Committee
to RulesInternDem.Application@mail.house.gov
MEM-084-24

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking enthusiastic highly
motivated press/digital interns to work in person in the Washington, DC office
for the Summer Session.
Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day operations of
our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
legislative and communications staff. This includes attending congressional
hearings, writing memos, administrative tasks, answering phones, sorting mail,
and assisting staff.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and
editing skills. Preferred applicants have District ties, though not required. This is
a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application
via https://meeks.house.gov/services/internships with a resume, cover letter, up to
2-page writing sample, no later than COB April 5, 2024.

MEM-083-24

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking enthusiastic highly
motivated part time legislative interns to work in person in the Washington, DC
office for the Summer Session.
Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day operations of
our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
legislative and communications staff.
This includes attending congressional hearings, writing memos, administrative
tasks, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting staff. Qualified candidates
will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay attention to detail, be
responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and editing skills. Preferred
applicants have District ties, though not required. This is a paid opportunity.

Page 14 of 17

Please submit your application
via https://meeks.house.gov/services/internships with a resume, cover letter, up to
2-page writing sample, no later than COB April 5, 2024.
MEM-062-24

Congresswoman Hillary Scholten is looking for highly motivated and driven
interns for Summer 2024.
Opportunities are available for both her Washington, D.C. office and her district
office in Grand Rapids.
To apply, please submit your resume, cover letter, and one reference in one PDF
to MI03Internships@mail.house.gov. The subject line must include your full
name and which office you are interested in for your application to be considered.
Interns will receive a monthly stipend. The deadline for applications is Friday,
March 29th at 5:00 p.m.
DC OFFICE
Hours will typically be 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. when Congress is in session and 9 a.m. to
5 p.m. when Congress is out of session. Interns are expected to work full time but
hours can be flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules. The D.C.
Office internship allows interns to get involved with the legislative process.
Responsibilities include:
•Answering phone calls and greeting constituents and stakeholders that enter the
office
•Logging phone calls, mail, and other correspondence into our database
•Drafting letters addressing constituent concerns
•Putting together daily news clips
•Assisting the legislative staff with research and compiling information
•Giving Capitol tours
•Attending hearings and briefings
•Any other tasks assigned by the Internship Coordinator
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Ties to Michigan’s 3rd Congressional District/West Michigan are a plus.
DISTRICT OFFICE- Grand Rapids
The district office is open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday. Interns
are expected to work a minimum of 16 hours weekly, in no less than 4 hours
blocks. This is to accommodate their academic schedules. District office interns
will engage with constituents and the community while being at the intersection
of the federal government.

Page 15 of 17

Responsibilities include:
•Answering phone calls and greeting constituents and stakeholders that enter the
office.
•Logging phone calls, mail, and other correspondence into our database
•Drafting letters addressing constituent concerns
•Monitoring local news and social media for current activities in the district
•Assisting the district staff with research
•Attending meetings with local stakeholders or constituents
•Interacting with government agencies to resolve constituent issues
•Any other tasks assigned by the Internship Coordinator
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Ties to Michigan’s 3rd Congressional District/West Michigan are a plus.
MEM-050-24

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Summer Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting constituent correspondence
•Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
•Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
•Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample (no more
than 1-2 pages), and two references to Madhumita.Gupta@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “Summer Legislative Internship, NAME” by March 30th, 2024.
Please include availability in the cover letter and compile all application materials
into one PDF document.

MEM-016-24

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking full-time paid interns for the
Summer 2024 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings,
performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various
projects. Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent
Page 16 of 17

communication skills, strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public
service and progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr. unless funded by
an outside organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter stating availability,
short writing sample, and three references
to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with the subject “2024 Summer
Internship Application – FirstName LastName” by Sunday, March 31st.

Page 17 of 17

