________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 1, 2019

MEM-280-19

“A Midwest Republican House Member is seeking paid interns for the Fall 2019
session in his Capitol Hill office. The spring session dates are August 26thDecember 13th, but more flexibility can be offered. The internship schedule is
also flexible to accommodate classes. Interns will have the opportunity to attend
committee hearings and briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent
correspondence process, as well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to the Midwest are
preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to
Dylan.Jones@mail.house.gov before August 2nd. Please specify what your
internship schedule may look like, including preferred start/end dates.”

MEM-278-19

“Congresswoman Elaine Luria (VA-02), Member of the House Armed Services
Committee and House Veterans Affairs Committee in which Chair of the
Page 1 of 13

Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee, seeks full time
interns for her Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates should be motivated, flexible and detailed oriented with availability
from August 26th – December 13th. Intern responsibilities include answering
constituent phones, leading Capitol tours, up-keeping mail databases, writing
memo’s, and assigned duties from full time staff. Candidates should be outgoing
and possess strong oral and written communication skills.
Virginia ties are preferred, but not required. Women, minorities, and LGBTQ+
persons are encouraged to apply. Please send your resume and cover letter to
VA02DC.Interns@mail.house.gov.”
MEM-276-19

Midwest Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional
organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in the
Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent
constituent service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting
constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls
and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general
office administrative duties.
The successful candidate must be courteous and work well in a team
environment. Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to
NE.01@mail.house.gov with "Fall Intern” in the subject line.

MEM-275-19

The Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark [MA-05] is currently seeking
full-time & part-time paid interns for Fall of 2019 in her Washington, D.C.
office. Qualified applicants should have strong oral & written communication
skills, the ability to manage multiple tasks, the willingness to work in a fast-paced
environment, and be comfortable assisting constituents. A sound knowledge of
Microsoft Office, a solid work ethic as well as a basic understanding of the
political process in Congress is expected.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: answering and screening phone
calls, leading capitol tours, working with staff to research legislative issues and
process information, attending congressional briefings, assisting with
administrative tasks, drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues,
assisting the communications team with various tasks, and other projects as they
arise.
Full-time and part-time positions are available beginning in August 2019. To
apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
RepClarkInternships@mail.house.gov. Please indicate availability and expected
start date.

MEM-274-19

Conservative Midwestern member of the House seeks motivated, detail-oriented,
and energetic professionals for internships in Washington, DC. Qualified
Page 2 of 13

applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage multiple
tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Missouri/Midwestern ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with
research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the
Communications Director with drafting talking points, creating graphics for
social media, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time internship positions are available beginning in August 2019. To apply,
please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
Trevor.Ray@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line.
MEM-273-19

The Office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking highly motivated
interns for Fall 2019 (starting at the beginning of August 2019). Qualified
candidates will be dependable team players, capable of excelling in a fast-paced
office, and will possess strong writing, editing, verbal communication, and
organizational skills. Experience with research is a plus since there are
opportunities to work with the legislative staff on relevant issues.
This position’s responsibilities include serving as a primary contact with
constituents, greeting visitors, providing Capitol Tours, and assisting with
projects assigned from other staff members. These projects often include assisting
with data entry or drafting correspondence. Interns will have the ability to attend
Capitol Hill briefings, hearings, and other informative events that are available.
Interns will also have the opportunity to gain professional and educational
experience while learning more about Congress and the legislative process.
Wisconsin ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, short writing sample,
and dates of availability to maryah.thompson@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2019
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-272-19

Congresswoman Lauren Underwood (IL-14) is delighted to announce fall
internship opportunities in her Washington, DC and West Chicago, IL offices.
Internships are designed to offer students and recent graduates direct participation
in public service through supporting our offices' constituent engagement and
services, administrative responsibilities, and research.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, assist
with correspondence, coordinate and conduct tours, research legislation, assist
with constituent casework, and attend hearings and briefings on various issues.
Page 3 of 13

Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, flexible, and possess the ability
to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Fall internships are available from mid-August through mid-December, with start
and end dates tailored to accommodate an academic calendar year. Internship
hours run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. on weekdays. Please note that interns are
expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per week. A limited number of paid
positions are available for internship applicants who are not sponsored by outside
organizations.
To apply, please submit a single PDF including your resume, cover letter, and
writing sample of your choice to IL14.Internship@gmail.com by August 1, 2019.
Preference will be given to applicants with ties to the Illinois 14th.
For questions about internships please email IL14.Internship@gmail.com, or call
our office (202) 225-2976.
MEM-271-19

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
Interns for the Washington, D.C. office starting at the end of August or
beginning of September. Interns in our office perform legislative and
administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational experience.
Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending policy
briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research, producing
daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members on various
projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! Candidates
of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a form on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internship-application
or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2019 Pocan Fall Internship” in the subject
line. Deadline to apply is August 1st.
For further information regarding the internship and scholarship programs, please
see the internship page on our website at:
https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/

MEM-270-19

The Office of Congressman Daniel Lipinski (IL-03) is currently seeking interns
for the fall semester in the Washington D.C. office. Prospective interns should
have a love for politics and the legislative process, a desire to learn, and a
willingness to work hard in this fast-paced office.

Page 4 of 13

Day to day intern responsibilities include: drafting constituent correspondence,
leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, working with legislative staff on policy issue
research, attending briefings and hearings, and answering phones. Interns will
work closely with legislative staff and will be given all the tools necessary to
learn to become a congressional staffer by the end of the internship.
Applications can be submitted via the email to
IL03StaffAssistant@mail.house.gov. Applications will be accepted on a rolling
basis. A complete application should include a cover letter, resume and one short
writing sample of 2-3 pages. Please be sure the application includes your name,
contact information, university, year of graduation, dates you are available, and
your intended work schedule (full time or part time). Third District of Illinois ties
are preferred. Please no drop ins.
MEM-269-19

Congressman Ed Perlmutter seeks a legislative intern to conduct administrative
duties in his Washington, DC office. The successful candidate must be a strong
team player, polite and friendly with constituents, and willing to assist other staff
members in various items. Colorado connections are highly preferred.
Primary Responsibilities: Responsible for greeting guests, taking/distributing
messages appropriately, taking care of general office needs, writing memos and
letters to constituents, attending briefings for staff and performing back-up duties
as necessary. This person will also be expected as needed to conduct personal
tours for constituents and assist them on their visit to D.C. Additional
responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Communicate with constituents over the phone.
•Conduct personal tours of the Capitol.
•Interact with constituent outreach program, Fire Side.
•Attend hearings and briefings for staff.
•Respond to constituent requests for information.
•Perform general administrative duties.
•Sit in on meetings with staff and outside organizations.
•Work with other staff members on writing letters to constituents.
•Intern Project: Research legislation and pitch co-sponsorship to Congressman
Perlmutter.
The deadline for consideration for a summer internship is July 20, 2019. To
apply, please send a resume and cover letter via email to
John.mcinerney@mail.house.gov. There is a stipend available for Congressional
interns provided they comply with our professional guidelines and can complete
the given number of hours (Full-Time)

MEM-268-19

Congressman Dan Newhouse (WA-04) is seeking unpaid interns for Fall 2019 in
Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and administrative staff with
various duties. Some duties include: attending briefings, answering phones,
Page 5 of 13

conducting Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, and
performing legislative research and analysis.
We’re looking for responsible individuals that are dependable, organized, and
willing to learn. Internships are open to undergraduate students and college
graduates. Washington state ties are encouraged but not required. To apply,
please email a cover letter and resume to: Johnny.Alavez@mail.house.gov
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist in performing research, processing the mail, data entry, reception duties
and other office errands.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
DUTIES:
•performs research
•sorts and distributes mail;
•attends committee meetings, intern conferences, and seminars;
•performs data entry, which involves logging in letters and constituent requests,
including names and addresses of constituents;
•answers the telephones;
•notes constituent opinions, including their full names, addresses, and all relevant
information;
•greets visitors and signs for deliveries; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the Intern Supervisor
MEM-267-19

Member of the U.S. House of Representatives is currently seeking full time
interns to work in his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2019 term from late
August to December. Responsibilities include reporting on hearings and
briefings, tracking actions on the House floor, researching legislation before the
House, giving tours of the U.S. Capitol to visitors, and answering and recording
phone calls from constituents, among other duties.
Those interested should send a resume and cover letter that includes availability
to HouseRepsInternship@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2019 Internship
Application” in the subject line by August 1, 2019. The position is open to
current college students or recent graduates. Applicants able to work full-time
and for the full duration of the Fall 2019 term are strongly preferred.

MEM-266-19

“The Office of Congressman Dean Phillips is currently accepting applications for
Fall interns for his Washington DC office. Interns in our Washington DC office
will gain first hand experience with the legislative process and other functions of
Page 6 of 13

a congressional office. You’ll work closely with our legislative, communications
or scheduling staff depending on your track and interests. All interns will be
paired with a staff mentor in their area of interest and will leave our office with a
revised and reviewed resume and cover letter, as well as receive informational
interview training.
Intern responsibilities will vary but may include: conducting policy research to be
used for floor speeches, memos, committee hearings and other legislative
business, monitoring press coverage of the Member, current events and House
business, and managing constituent correspondence over the phone, mail, and email. Full- and part-time internships are available. Interns are expected to work at
least 15 hours per week, with at least one full day. Hours are flexible to
accommodate students' course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.
when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
While Congressman Phillips’ encourages all individuals to apply, applicants with
ties to Minnesota will be given preference. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Dean Phillips, send
your resume, cover letter and a 1-2 page writing sample to
phillips.interns@mail.house.gov. Please include the days and times you will be
available to intern, your desired start date, and any requirements your school has
in order for you to receive credit in your cover letter. Please format the subject
line of your email “DC - First Name Last Name - Fall.”
MEM-265-19

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on the Judiciary is seeking a
motivated digital intern for a summer position. This digital internship program
includes the production of high-quality web graphics and videos, as well as rapid
response work, filming/post production editing, manual photography, and
livestreaming events. Candidates must possess strong technical skills, advanced
creativity and artistic ability, and a high level of attention to detail. Experience in
Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Premier Pro, After Effects, LightRoom, InDesign,
and Audition a plus. Experience in HTML and CSS a serious plus.
Must be a team player and have a strong work ethic. Willingness to take
initiative, generate creative ideas, and the ability to work under deadline pressure
a must. Email portfolio and resume to JudPress.Intern@mail.house.gov with
DIGITAL INTERN in the subject line.

MEM-262-19

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for internships in Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.

Page 7 of 13

Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with
research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting the
Communications Director with drafting talking points, creating graphics for
social media, tracking media coverage, and other duties as necessary.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning in September
2019. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample to
Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter.
MEM-261-19

A senior-ranking Republican member on the Committee of Ways & Means is
seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships for Fall of 2019. Interns
will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand
knowledge of the legislative process. D.C. responsibilities include leading Capitol
tours, answering phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending
briefings and hearings. Florida ties are strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to housegopinternshipfl@outlook.com.
No phone calls or drop-ins will be considered.

MEM-260-19

The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking fulltime paid interns for Fall of 2019 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates
will be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and communication
skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent correspondence,
Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Interns are paid a monthly stipend.
The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well
as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be
willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more
about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
wi06resumes@gmail.com

MEM-259-19

Congressman Sam Graves (MO-06) is actively seeking full-time and part-time
fall interns to serve in his Washington, DC office. Interns will work closely with
our D.C. staff and gain experience working on legislative research, press work,
and constituent services.
Current college students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply, with
preference given to those with connections to Missouri’s 6th District. Students
interested in applying should send their resume to Chase Hite at
chase.hite@mail.house.gov
Page 8 of 13

MEM-257-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Sean Casten (IL-06) is seeking
candidates for a paid internship for Fall of 2019. Interns will observe the inner
workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the
legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering
phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings,
and working on special projects.
Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant attitude, strong work ethic, and
excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful interns will be able to
find information with little assistance, be able to work both independently as well
as part of a team and have strong attention to detail.
Interested applicants should visit the Congressman’s website
https://casten.house.gov/services/internships/ or email
Casten.Internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship Application” in the subject
line. Please fill out the provided applications and attach a resume and cover letter.
If you believe you are eligible for financial assistance, please also explain in 2-3
paragraphs as to why you believe you should receive assistance.
Applications due by July 15th at midnight. No drop ins, please. This office is an
equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or
sexual orientation. Full and part-time candidate with Illinois ties are preferred.
Do not hesitate to contact the office if you have any questions regarding our
internship program, 202-225-4561.

MEM-255-19

The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Minority) is currently accepting
applications for full-time internships for the fall 2019 session. Working closely
with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand
knowledge of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional
committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced front office, answering
phones, and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting staff with
hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research
projects, and various other tasks as assigned.
Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and
possess an energetic, team player attitude. Candidates with previous Hill
experience are preferred. Note that Committee internships are unpaid positions.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample to:
var.internship@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-254-19

The Democratic Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks full or
part-time, unpaid Legal Interns for a mid-August or early September start date,
running through the end of the 2019 calendar year. Responsibilities may include
conducting legislative research, attending briefings and hearings for staff,
Page 9 of 13

preparing and assembling materials for Committee hearings and events, and other
tasks as assigned or needed.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have
excellent writing and communications skills. An interest in environmental law is
strongly desired; this internship is geared towards those in 2L or 3L programs.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Fall
Legal Intern” in the subject line by July 10, 2019. Please include your
approximate dates of availability in the message, and how many days per week
you would be available. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse
candidates are encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-253-19

The Democratic Staff of the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis seeks full or
part-time, unpaid Interns for a mid-August or early September start date, running
through the end of the 2019 calendar year. Responsibilities may include
conducting administrative tasks for the committee, attending briefings and
hearings for staff, conducting research projects, preparing and assembling
materials for Committee hearings and events, and other tasks as assigned or
needed.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, self-motivated, reliable, and have
excellent writing and communications skills. An interest in environmental,
climate change, or science policy is strongly desired.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SCCCDjobs@mail.house.gov with “Fall
Intern” in the subject line by July 10, 2019. Please include your approximate
dates of availability in the message, and how many days per week you would be
available. The office is an equal opportunity employer, and diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-251-19

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01), a Senior Member of the Energy and
Commerce Committee and Natural Resources Committee, seeks undergraduate or
graduate students for full-time or part-time internships in her Washington, D.C.
office. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail,
attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research
assistance to the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have strong communication skills and an interest in the
legislative process. Colorado ties are preferred but not required. The ideal
candidate will be able to intern at least two full days per week. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter and resume to
Blaise.Hokkanen@mail.house.gov

MEM-249-19

“The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate-level students, as
Page 10 of 13

well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for a
Fall 2019 internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have
the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives.
Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with official proceedings
(hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone inquiries and
providing support to all Committee staff. Background in science is a plus.
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter to
house.science.committee@mail.house.gov.”
MEM-248-19

The office of Congressman Larry Bucshon (IN-08) is currently seeking applicants
for internships in the Congressman’s D.C. office for the fall of 2019. Duties
include drafting constituent correspondence, greeting constituents and answering
phones, performing legislative research, leading tours of the Capitol, attending
policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional tasks to
assist the Congressman’s staff.
We’re looking for college students or recent graduates who are motivated, detailorientated, and ready to work in a fast paced setting. A positive attitude and an
interest in politics are a must. District 8 or Indiana ties are preferred but not
required.
Please email a resume & cover letter describing your interest in the position to
connor.roberts@mail.house.gov

MEM-247-19

The Democratic Staff of the House Natural Resources Committee is currently
seeking full-time Legislative Interns for our Fall/Winter session which runs from
September-December. Interns are offered a stipend and are eligible for metro
benefits. Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above
all, we seek interns who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction and demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills.
A Legislative Internship offers a unique set of opportunities including the chance
to attend committee hearings, markups, briefings, and meetings, in addition to
gaining firsthand experience with the legislative process at the Committee level.
Primary duties include:
•Researching legislative policy issues
•Answering phone calls
•Sorting and distributing mail
•Conducting background research
•Performing stakeholder outreach
•Compiling data and statistics
•Assembling committee documents
•Tracking House floor proceedings
Page 11 of 13

To apply for our Fall/Winter session, send a cover letter, resume, and short
writing sample to Carlyn LeGrant at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “Fall Legislative Internship Application”
The deadline to apply is July 8th, 2019.
MEM-246-19

Congressman Andy Levin (D-MI) is seeking a Digital Media Intern for a
temporary paid position in his Washington, D.C. office. The intern will assist
with the greater communications operation, but will focus on digital media
content creation. Intern responsibilities include but are not limited to social media
content generation, website maintenance, analytics, photography, videography,
media monitoring and staffing the member. Candidates will have a keen eye for
design, a desire to grow and learn in the political communications space,
knowledge of graphic design and video editing, a positive attitude and a sense of
humor.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a
resume, cover letter, a writing sample, graphic design sample and a link to a
video using the subject line “Digital Media Intern” to MI09.Resumes@gmail.com

MEM-241-19

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology seeks
a full-time, paid interns for the fall semester. Interns are asked to work with staff
to help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on
substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press matters.
Furthermore, interns will be critical to the daily operation of the office including
tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
https://science.house.gov/contact/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-240-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Frank Lucas (OK-3) is seeking
candidates for a paid internship for Fall of 2019. Interns will observe the inner
workings of a Congressional office while gaining firsthand knowledge of the
legislative process. DC responsibilities include leading Capitol tours, answering
phones, assisting staff with legislative projects, attending briefings and hearings,
and working on special projects. Oklahoma ties are strongly preferred.
Please send your resume and cover letter to Jacob.Rainbolt@mail.house.gov,
with "Internship Application" in the subject line.

MEM-236-19

Republican Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking unpaid interns for
the Fall 2019 session in his Capitol Hill office. The spring session dates are
August 26th- December 13th. The internship schedule is flexible to accommodate
classes. Interns will have the opportunity to attend committee hearings and

Page 12 of 13

briefings for staff members, assist in the constituent correspondence process, as
well as assist with other constituent services.
Responsibilities include: taking phone calls, processing constituent mail, and
performing other general office duties. Ideal applicants should be interested in the
legislative process, enthusiastic, reliable, and hard-working. Full or part time
internships with flexible schedules are available. Ties to Virginia’s First
Congressional District are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should e-mail their resume and cover letter to
Curran.smolinsky@mail.house.gov before July 5th. Please specify what your
internship schedule may look like.
MEM-233-19

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office. Candidates should be collegial, professional,
quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and written
communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties include
assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing
memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 13 of 13

