________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 5, 2024

MEM-302-24 The House Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democratic Staff seeks
a motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time
digital media and traditional press intern position this fall.
The intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling
and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn are a must. This position reports
to the Communications Director. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume
and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
MEM-354-24 Fall internships in Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s office will be held inperson in the Washington, D.C. office. Schedules are flexible to accommodate
academic schedules. Interns are paid on an hourly basis.
Interns would have the chance to gain valuable hands-on experience while
serving the constituents of California’s 45th district. Interns would be exposed
to a wide range of policy areas, including the Congresswoman’s work on the
House Ways and Means Committee, Education and Workforce Committee, AI
Page 1 of 14

Task Force, and the Select Committee on the Chinese Communist Party.
Responsibilities would include corresponding with constituents, performing
research for staff, giving tours of the Capitol building, attending Congressional
hearings, and helping prepare for upcoming hearings.
Interested applicants should send a copy of their resume
to Andrew.Weinstock@mail.house.gov. Successful interns have strong attention
to detail and communications skills, as well as a strong interest in learning about
the legislative process.
MEM-352-24 The Office of Congressman Maxwell Alejandro Frost is hiring an intern in our
Washington, D.C. office for the fall 2024 semester. Interns will gain invaluable
educational experience from working in Congress. The hours can be flexible to
accommodate students' course schedules, but we generally require 32 hours a
week and pay $18 an hour.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They may be asked to answer phones, run
errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, fulfill tasks for
communications staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer constituent
letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn about the
legislative process and the many functions of a congressional office.
District ties preferred. Women, people of color, and other members of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should apply on our website
(https://frostforms.house.gov/forms/internships/?form) and indicate which term
they wish to apply for. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.
MEM-344-24 The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for part and full-time interns for the fall internship session. The
start date would be as early as September 2nd (flexible depending on
availability) with a flexible end date. This is an un-paid internship due to the
U.S. House of Representatives being on recess for all of October.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable
experience with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily
operations of the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional
manner at all times. Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors,
answering phones, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, opening and sorting mail,
attending briefings, performing legislative research, and various other tasks to
assist staff.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to nj02internships@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in your cover letter that
you’re applying for a fall internship and format the files as [Full
Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter].
Page 2 of 14

MEM-340-24 Congressman Cory Mills’ (FL-07) Washington, D.C. office is currently seeking
qualified individuals to serve in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall of
2024.
Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office, while gaining
firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading
Capitol tours , answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with
legislative projects and attending briefings and hearings.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. This is a paid internship.
Please send resumes and cover letter to Milka.jurado2@mail.house.gov.
MEM-339-24 The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Dan Kildee is seeking a highlymotivated and detail-oriented paid interns for the fall 2024 semester. Qualified
candidates will have demonstrated interest in research projects and learning
about the legislative process. Candidates should have strong writing and
analytical skills; and an interest in public service. Paid interns are all-around
helping hands in the congressional office and will get the opportunity to work
on a variety of different projects. Michigan ties are a plus.
Internships are paid. The ideal candidate will be available from September
through November 2024.
Applicants interested in interning in the Washington, D.C. office should send a
cover letter and resume to Danielle.Stewart3@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Fall 2024 Legislative Internship”.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Oversee the front office, greeting constituents and guests in a
professional manner;
• Answer incoming telephone calls;
• Assist the Staff Assistant in organizing tours of the U.S. Capitol, White
House and other Washington, D.C. landmarks for constituents or
stakeholders;
• Assist the Staff Assistant in fulfilling flag requests;
• Assist the legislative staff by researching legislation and policies,
attending briefings and drafting cosponsor recommendations and
memos;
• Support the constituent mail program by batching constituent messages,
researching and drafting constituent mail;
• Performs other duties as assigned.

Page 3 of 14

SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
• Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Professionalism in interacting with constituents in person and on the
telephone;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Proficient in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation,
gender identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-338-24 The Flint and Midland offices of Congressman Dan Kildee are seeking a highly
motivated and detail-oriented paid interns for the fall 2024 semester. Qualified
candidates will have demonstrated interest in research projects and interacting
with constituents on the telephone, in person and at community outreach events.
Paid interns are all-around helping hands in the congressional office and will get
the opportunity to work on a variety of different projects. Michigan ties are a
plus.
Internships are paid. The ideal candidate will be available from September
through December 2024.
Applicants interested in interning in the Flint office should send a cover letter
and resume to Zach.Neithercut@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2024
Internship”.
Applicants interested in interning in the Midland office should send a cover
letter and resume to Jacob.Sinclair@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall
2024 Internship”.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Oversee the front office, greeting constituents and guests in a
professional manner;
• Answer incoming telephone calls;
• Assist the District staff in conducting casework intake and directing
constituents to office resources;
• Support the field work team in drafting memos and conducting
background work for events in the community;
• Assist the Staff Assistant in drafting letters of support and Proclamations
for members in the community;
• Support the constituent mail program by batching constituent messages,
researching and drafting constituent mail;
Page 4 of 14

•

Performs other duties as assigned.

SKILLS AND KNOWEDGE REQUIRED:
• Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Professionalism in interacting with constituents in person and on the
telephone;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation,
gender identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-337-24 The Office of Congresswoman Emilia Sykes (OH-13) is seeking a paid
Legislative Fellow to assist the legislative team with work in the Washington,
D.C. office. This position is full time, Monday through Friday, and pays $3,000
a month. The position lasts from mid-August through mid-December.
The ideal candidate is hardworking and motivated; organized, detail-oriented
and resilient in the face of a fast-paced and ever-changing environment. The
ideal candidate is also proactive and comfortable working with diverse staff,
community members, and constituents. Our team values professionalism,
positivity, strategic thinking, and good humor.
The Office is an equal opportunity employer; women, people of color, members
of the LGBTQ+ community, and members of other traditionally
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send an email to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov
with their resume and cover letter in a single PDF. Please include last name and
position in the email subject line, e.g. “Legislative Fellow- [Last Name].” No
drop-ins, emails, or social media invitations please. Applications will be
accepted on a rolling basis.
MEM-336-24 The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a driven,
detail-oriented, hardworking, and engaged individual to work with her team.
This internship will be primarily in-person in the DC office with potential for
occasional work in the district office (Woodbridge, VA). The timing of the
internship is flexible based on the candidate’s schedule but would ideally start
in early September and could last up to 12 weeks. The intern would work with
the Congresswoman’s dynamic team to improve the lives of Seventh District
constituents and communities.
Page 5 of 14

ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: • Constituent services: assist
the front office staff with answering constituent questions over the phone and
through the mail, draft correspondence, and assist with other office
administration tasks; • Legislative research: work with the legislative team to
conduct research on issue areas, write memos, and learn about the legislative
process; • District research: research and compile information for district events
and outreach; • Communications: collaborate with the Communications team on
tasks as needed such as writing letters; and • Other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES: • Responsible, reliable, punctual •
Has knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs • Able to problem
solve, think quickly, adapt, and handle sensitive information
HOURS & COMPENSATION: The schedule is flexible and based on
candidate’s schedule. This is a PAID internship; the office will pay an hourly
rate for applicants not supported by outside fellowships.
TO APPLY: Please submit a resume and a 1-page cover letter that answers the
following questions in a single PDF:
• What, do you feel, is the biggest problem facing VA-07? • How do you want
to impact the community?
Please include the dates you are available, and any other scheduling constraints
(e.g. mornings or afternoons only) in your application. Email this information to
Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2024
Internship – First Name, Last Name.” DEADLINE: Applications received by
August 15, 2024 will be considered.
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger is an equal opportunity employer.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against because of race,
religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical disability, sexual
orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender expression) identity, color,
marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or any other classification
protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.
MEM-335-24 The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) is seeking full or parttime interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong
written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include attending Congressional hearings and briefings, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
research. This is a paid internship that complies with the House Paid Internship
Program.

Page 6 of 14

Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: Fall 2024
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-334-24 The office of Congresswoman Victoria Spartz (IN-05) is now accepting
applications for paid, full-time congressional internships in our Washington,
DC office with an immediate start that continues throughout the fall.
Key opportunities: Interns in our office get the opportunity to attend
congressional briefings, hearings, and networking events. They also get to work
on a wide variety of legislative issues spanning foreign policy, education, and
economics. Interns who excel in their core duties will be given the opportunity
to direct more of their own work and focus on particular legislative areas of
interest.
Core internship duties in the Washington, DC office include:
• Answering constituent phone calls and directing them appropriately
• Assisting with office operations
• Attending congressional hearings and policy briefings and providing
insights to legislative staff
• Researching legislation for the Member and legislative staff
• Taking photos of the Congresswoman at important events
• Conducting Capitol tours for constituents
• Successful applicants will be highly motivated, possess excellent written
and verbal communication skills, and interact well with constituents. In
addition, applicants should have a strong interest in the legislative
process and the function of Congress.
To apply, please go to https://spartz.house.gov/services/internships.
MEM-333-24 Senior Republican Member of House Financial Services Committee Seeks
Financial Services Fellow
A senior Republican member serving on the House Financial Services
Committee is seeking a fellow to assist the Senior Policy Advisor in covering
the committee portfolio. The person in this role will work on substantive
financial services issues like banking, crypto, housing, capital markets, fintech,
insurance, and monetary policy in the Member’s personal office. The fellow
will be attending hearings, monitoring legislation and regulations, assisting with
official and constituent correspondence, providing meeting materials, and more.
The fellow should leave this role with an in-depth understanding of how Capitol
Hill operates, as well as the major policy issues in financial services.
Ideal candidates must be excellent writers, able to work in a fast-paced
environment, and have good judgment. A background in finance is not required
but strongly preferred, whether it is in the private sector, government, or school.
Page 7 of 14

Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Writing briefing materials for meetings with the Member
• Preparing materials for hearings, markups, and the House floor
• Conducting policy research
• Taking notes at meetings, hearings, briefings, and other events you
attend
• Tracking legislation and official correspondence
• Observing House proceedings
• Drafting constituent correspondence
This is a paid opportunity. Interested candidates should send their resume to
ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.
MEM-330-24 The Office of Congressman Wesley Hunt (TX-38) is currently seeking
candidates for the Fall 2024 District Office Internship. Internships are full or
part-time and in-person at our Houston, TX, or Tomball, TX offices. Ties to the
District are preferred but not required.
Applications are due by August 9th, 2024, at 11:59 PM CT. The fall internship
program runs from late August through early December. The internship is
flexible in the number of hours per week, but a minimum of 20 hours per week
is mandatory. Intern hours are five days a week from 9:30 AM to 4:00 PM CT.
Duties
The district office internship will allow participants to experience a fast-paced
environment within the district. District intern's responsibilities will include
answering phones, conducting research, assisting with events throughout the
district, and various other tasks. Interns will learn about the crucial work a
district office does.
Qualified applicant requirements
Ideal candidates will be hard workers, detail-oriented, efficient multitaskers, and
comfortable interacting and speaking with the public. Successful internship
candidates should:
• Be at least 18 years of age.
• Be working towards a bachelor’s or master’s degree.
• Demonstrate an interest in politics and public service.
• Possess highly competent time management skills.
• Possess effective teamwork, professionalism, flexibility, and communication
both written and verbal skills.
• Have the ability to complete assignments with limited guidance.
How to apply
Interested candidates should submit a cover letter describing why they're
interested in working as an intern in a congressional office. Experience that
Page 8 of 14

applies to being an intern in the district office should also be included. Our
office also requires a resume that highlights relevant experience related to the
position.
The application deadline is Friday, August 9th, 2024, at 11:59 PM CT.
Interested applicants should:
1. Fill out an application at the following link:
https://hunt.house.gov/services/internships
2. At the end of the form upload both the cover letter and resume
Please be advised that only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
No drop-ins please.
MEM-329-24 The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (DC-00) is seeking to
hire a motivated, detail-oriented, current college undergrad student, graduate
student, or recent graduate wishing to gain constituent-oriented internship
experience in the DC District Office.
District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, conducting research,
assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the
District Director. As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions
of our impactful District office.
The term of this internship will be from September 9, 2024, to December 19,
2024. The internship is a paid full-time internship, interns must work at least 30
hours a week and will be provided a travel stipend. Typical hours for internships
are Monday through Thursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm, although hours may be
flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, 1 writing sample on a
current issue, and at least one reference to norton.casework@mail.house.gov.
The deadline to apply is 5:00 pm EST, Friday, August 9th. District ties are
encouraged but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
MEM-328-24 The Office of Congressman Jim Costa (CA-21) is seeking a highly motivated
and creative Digital/Press Intern to join a fast-paced communications
operation based in Rep. Costa’s Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2024 term.
This internship program prides itself on its educational aspects. Interns will
immerse themselves in a dynamic environment and learn the ins and outs of a
congressional office communications program. They will also have
opportunities to attend educational briefings, take classes on relevant subjects
with the Congressional Research Service, and converse with seasoned
congressional staffers.
Page 9 of 14

Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and digital skills to
assist with time-sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity with graphic
design/video editing software, such as Adobe, Canva, and Photoshop.
Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including
internships) are preferred but not required. California or Central Valley ties are
a plus. The intern will work closely with the Communications Director.
Internship Responsibilities
· Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant with drafting social
media content, e-newsletters, targeted mailing, and website content.
· Edit photos and create engaging graphics in line with the Congressman’s
brand.
· Clipping, editing, and compiling video clips.
· Assist with creation and maintenance of press lists
· Compile daily press clips and reports about social media analytics.
· Other office tasks such as answering phones, drafting correspondence, and
other duties as required.
Internship Dates and Details:
Fall internships will start in early September and go until mid-December, with
some flexibility. Interns are expected to work in compliance with the office's
regular hours of operation. Our office cannot accommodate remote or hybrid
internships at this time.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, August 9th
Apply: Interested applicants should fill out the internship application via our
website: https://costa.house.gov/services/internships
No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. The Office of Rep. Jim Costa is an equalopportunity employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and
diverse work environment.
Contact: Please reach out to our intern coordinator, Grant Menolascino, with
any questions regarding the application process at
Grant.menolascino@mail.house.gov.
MEM-324-24 The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Fall 2024 session. Our internship dates are contingent
upon the official House schedule. Tentatively, the fall internship is scheduled
from August 26th to December 20th, but these dates are subject to change.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge of the
day-to-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled
in an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an
ideal fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government –
however, any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the

Page 10 of 14

legislative staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours,
and helping with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
• Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently
graduated.
• Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
• Have strong communications and writing skills.
• Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. Interested candidates should
address their application materials to Katonya Pettaway at
Interns.NC03@gmail.com. Applications should include a cover letter, resume,
and what the individual’s internship schedule may look like.
MEM-316-24

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Fall
2024 internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates,
and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in
Congresswoman DeLauro's office combine administrative and legislative work.
Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form (also
located on delauro.house.gov/services/internships), cover letter, resume, brief
writing sample (1-2 pages), and two reference contacts in a single PDF file
to Lydia.McCarty@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2024 Internship”
by August 16.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.

Page 11 of 14

MEM-312-24 Congressman Andrew Garbarino's (NY-02) Chairman of the Subcommittee on
Cyber Security and Infrastructure Protection seeks part-time paid interns for the
upcoming Fall 2024 semester in the Washington D.C. office.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting
staff with administrative duties, projects, legislative research, and drafting
constituent correspondence. Successful candidates will be able to work in a fastpaced environment, have a general understanding of the legislative process, and
possess strong written and
oral communication skills.
New York, and specifically Long Island ties, are preferred, but not required.
Undergraduate students and recent college graduates are preferred. Interested
applicants should submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF file
to Josh.Orenstein@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis.
MEM-308-24

Overview: The Office of Congressman Thanedar seeks Legislative Fellows for
an immersive experience in the legislative process this fall. As legislative
fellows, they will be responsible for tasks typically handled by legislative
directors and legislative assistants, including drafting bills, making voting
recommendations, suggesting co-sponsorships, and conducting meetings with
constituents and stakeholders. The program aims to expose fellows to various
aspects of a congressional office and encourage them to pursue broader roles
beyond legislative work.
Responsibilities: Legislative fellows will carry out the following primary duties,
including, among others:
• Tracking and analyzing legislative proposals and providing voting
recommendations
• Advance practical policy recommendations and provide co-sponsorship
recommendations
• Engage with other policymakers, congressional committees, their staff,
and a broad array of state and community organizations
• Observe the activities of congressional committees in which the
Congressman participates, to create inquiries and statements for the
Congressman to utilize during hearings
• Propose, and produce legislation for the Congressman’s legislative
portfolio
• Write and publish opinion editorials (“op-eds”) on topics related to the
Congressman’s brand
• Produce a variety of written content such as one-page briefs,
backgrounders, and general legislative research
Qualities:
• Strong passion for public service and constituents
Page 12 of 14

•
•
•
•

Good communication skills, particularly the ability to answer questions
and explain complicated topics cogently
Excellent writing—and synthesizing abilities
Ability to stay organized and multitask in a fast-paced environment
Open mind to adapt to new scenarios, tasks, and flexible duties

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample to
hr.thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line "Legislative Fellowship – Last
Name.”
MEM-297-24 The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi(IL-18) is seeking motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individuals for a legislative internship in
Washington, DC for Fall 2024. This internship will be an invaluable opportunity
to dive into the inner workings of Capitol Hill and learn about the legislative
process. This is a stipend-paid position.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple competing tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and
demonstrate a solid work ethic. Candidates with Schaumberg and/or Illinois ties
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting legislative staff with research,
leading Capitol tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the
front office, participating in Committee hearing and markup preparation,
drafting memorandums, and other duties as necessary.
This position is available beginning the last week of August 2024 through midDecember 2024. Interested applicants should fill out the application on our
website at https://krishnamoorthi.house.gov/services/internships. Due to the
large volume of applicants, only those applicants who are selected for interviews
will be contacted.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are
strongly encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-296-24 The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, Fall 2024 Interns
for the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams with
drafting, and other tasks as assigned.

Page 13 of 14

Successful candidates will work well under deadlines, are organized, hardworking, detail-oriented, have excellent customer service skills, and are team
players. Nevada ties are strongly preferred.
Interns will be eligible for a monthly stipend. Interested candidates should send a
resume, cover letter, and 2 writing samples to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with
“Fall 2024 DC Intern - [Last Name], [First Name]” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-286-24

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking an enthusiastic, highly
motivated press/digital intern to work in person in the Washington, DC office for
the Fall Session. Press/Digital Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into
the day-to-day operations of our office.
They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
communications staff. This includes, but is not limited to attending press
conferences, compiling press clips, drafting social media posts, drafting press
releases, talking points and other written materials, answering phones, and sorting
mail.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual and have strong writing and editing
skills. A working knowledge of digital content creation products (Adobe Creative
Suite, Canva, or equivalent products) is a plus. Preferred applicants have District
ties, though not required. This is a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application on our site: meeks.house.gov/services/internships
with a resume, one-page writing sample and graphic design sample no later than
COB August 9, 2024.

MEM-285-24

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking enthusiastic highly motivated
part time legislative interns to work in person in the Washington, DC office for the
Fall Session. Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into the day-to-day
operations of our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to
assist our legislative and communications staff. This includes attending
congressional hearings, writing memos, administrative tasks, answering phones,
sorting mail, and assisting staff.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and editing
skills. Preferred applicants have District ties, though not required. This is a paid
opportunity.
Please submit your application on our site: meeks.house.gov/services/internships
with a resume, cover letter, up to 2-page writing sample, no later than COB August
9, 2024.
Page 14 of 14

