________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 22, 2024

MEM-311-24

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is hiring a
press/digital intern for Fall 2024. Applications are due by Wednesday, July 31,
2024.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Compiling and distributing morning press clips
Tracking media hits for Committee members
Assisting with video shoots
Assisting with creating messaging packets and digital toolkits for the
caucus
Writing first drafts of remarks, press releases, and video scripts
Developing social media content
Clipping floor and hearing remarks from members
Providing administrative support, including answering calls and
delivering correspondence
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.

Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be
detail-oriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the Committee
and the legislative process. The Committee strongly encourages veterans,
Page 1 of 19

minorities, women, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU
and MSI students to apply.
This full-time or part-time, in-person, paid position is based in Washington, D.C.
Please complete the online application at https://democratsveterans.house.gov/opportunities
MEM-316-24

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is seeking applicants for the Fall
2024 internship program in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities: The office of Congresswoman DeLauro runs an internship
program intended for current undergraduate students, recent college graduates,
and students currently enrolled in graduate school. Internships in
Congresswoman DeLauro's office combine administrative and legislative work.
Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
correspondence, and legislative research, in addition to providing general staff
support.
Qualifications: Applicants should have an ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent writing skills, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Interning in Congresswoman DeLauro's office is a great opportunity to work in a
highly active legislative office.
How to Apply: Please email your completed intern application form (also
located on delauro.house.gov/services/internships), cover letter, resume, brief
writing sample (1-2 pages), and two reference contacts in a single PDF file
to Lydia.McCarty@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall 2024 Internship”
by August 16.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against with respect to
compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such
person’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, service in the military,
disability, or sexual orientation.

MEM-313-24

The Office of Congressman Salud Carbajal (CA-24) is seeking a highly
motivated and creative Digital/Press Intern to assist with a fast-paced
communications operation based in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall
2024 term (early-to-mid August to early-December).
The Digital/Press Intern will help build out the Congressman’s digital and social
media footprint, with heavy emphasis on creating engaging social media content
and graphics. Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and
social media skills to assist with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic
familiarity with graphic design/video editing software. Candidates with
experience in a press or digital media role (including internships) are preferred
Page 2 of 19

but not required. California or Central Coast ties and Spanish literacy are a plus.
The intern will work closely with the Communications Director, Digital/Creative
Assistant, and Legislative Correspondent.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Compiling daily press clips
• Creating engaging graphics and editing photos
• Assisting the Digital/Creative Assistant with social media content, website
content and digital newsletters
• Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
• Assisting Communications Director with drafting press releases, op-eds,
advisories, and other written materials
• Creating and maintaining press lists
• Compiling regular comms reports on press and social media results
• Additional responsibilities include assisting the Legislative Correspondent with
administrative tasks (e.g. answering phone calls, greeting visitors, etc.) and
legislative tasks (e.g. batching incoming messages on Fireside, drafting
constituent letters, writing cosponsor recommendations, etc.)
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:
A qualified candidate will possess strong social media and graphic design skills.
Past experiences with Canva, Photoshop, and other digital/graphic/video design
platforms are a major plus.
TO APPLY:
The internship will run from early-to-mid August to early-December. The hours
are roughly 32 hours a week and are flexible to accommodate schedules and
time zones, but generally run 9a.m. to 6p.m. ET when Congress is in session and
9a.m. to 5p.m. ET when Congress is out of session. This position is primarily inperson with some flexibility for telework. Interested applicants should email a
resume, cover letter, writing sample, two digital samples, and dates/hours of
availability to Tommy.Vo@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(First Name)
(Last Name) – Digital/Press Intern.”
This is a full-time, limited term position and offers a monthly stipend from the
office of Congressman Carbajal’s unless the intern is already receiving
credit/stipend through a third party. No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. This
office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply. Deadline to apply is Friday, July 26, 2024.

Page 3 of 19

MEM-312-24 Congressman Andrew Garbarino's (NY-02) Chairman of the Subcommittee on
Cyber Security and Infrastructure Protection seeks part-time paid interns for the
upcoming Fall 2024 semester in the Washington D.C. office.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting
staff with administrative duties, projects, legislative research, and drafting
constituent correspondence. Successful candidates will be able to work in a fastpaced environment, have a
general understanding of the legislative process, and possess strong written and
oral communication skills.
New York, and specifically Long Island ties, are preferred, but not required.
Undergraduate students and recent college graduates are preferred. Interested
applicants should submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF file
to Josh.Orenstein@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a rolling
basis.
MEM-310-24 Rep. Katie Porter (CA-47) seeks highly motivated interns for her DC office fall
internship program. The duration of this internship is expected to last from late
August/early September and open to end dates in November. The ideal candidate
is highly organized, able to multitask, and has strong written and verbal
communication skills.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Answer incoming phone calls to log opinions, connect staffers to outside
stakeholders, and direct callers to appropriate resources
Enter and organize incoming constituent messages from mail and voicemail into
the IQ database
Draft form letters responding to constituent concerns
Respond to constituent messages through phone calls or emails as needed
Assist legislative team with researching data and information
Compile draft meeting memos for the legislative staff
Track and input legislative meetings with partners, stakeholders, and
constituents, in IQ.
Perform other duties as assigned by the DC Staff Assistant
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Ties to Orange County/Southern California are
a plus.
Interns are expected in the office from 9 am to 5 pm; however, hours are flexible
based on a student’s course schedule. Interns will receive a monthly stipend. To
apply, send a cover letter, resume and two references

Page 4 of 19

to CA47.Internship@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2024 DC Internship” in the
subject line. The deadline for submission is Wednesday, July 31, 2024.
MEM-309-24 Congressman Josh Harder (CA-9) is seeking motivated legislative interns for
the Fall Session in his Washington, DC office.
Interns will participate in the daily operations, assisting with congressional
hearings, writing memos, answering phones, sorting mail, and supporting staff.
Candidates should exhibit strong work ethic, attention to detail, punctuality, and
excellent writing skills. District ties are preferred but not required. This paid
internship provides valuable experience in government and politics.
To apply, send your resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample as a
PDF to Eli.Aguayo@mail.house.gov by COB on July 26, 2024.
MEM-308-24 Overview: The Office of Congressman Thanedar seeks Legislative Fellows for
an immersive experience in the legislative process this fall. As legislative
fellows, they will be responsible for tasks typically handled by legislative
directors and legislative assistants, including drafting bills, making voting
recommendations, suggesting co-sponsorships, and conducting meetings with
constituents and stakeholders. The program aims to expose fellows to various
aspects of a congressional office and encourage them to pursue broader roles
beyond legislative work.
Responsibilities: Legislative fellows will carry out the following primary duties,
including, among others:
• Tracking and analyzing legislative proposals and providing voting
recommendations
• Advance practical policy recommendations and provide co-sponsorship
recommendations
• Engage with other policymakers, congressional committees, their staff,
and a broad array of state and community organizations
• Observe the activities of congressional committees in which the
Congressman participates, to create inquiries and statements for the
Congressman to utilize during hearings
• Propose, and produce legislation for the Congressman’s legislative
portfolio
• Write and publish opinion editorials (“op-eds”) on topics related to the
Congressman’s brand
• Produce a variety of written content such as one-page briefs,
backgrounders, and general legislative research
Qualities:
• Strong passion for public service and constituents
• Good communication skills, particularly the ability to answer questions
and explain complicated topics cogently
Page 5 of 19

•
•
•

Excellent writing—and synthesizing abilities
Ability to stay organized and multitask in a fast-paced environment
Open mind to adapt to new scenarios, tasks, and flexible duties

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample to
hr.thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line "Legislative Fellowship – Last
Name.”
MEM-307-24 Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) D.C. office seeks interns for the
upcoming Fall 2024 semester. The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of
professionalism and maturity, is committed and diligent, and is a team player
with a positive attitude. This position demands the ability to multi-task, strong
organizational skills and must work cooperatively and courteously with others in
a shared space.
Duties include attending hearings and briefings on behalf of the Congresswoman
and legislative staffers, working directly with the communications team on press
strategies, answering telephones, compiling daily press clips relevant to the
office’s priorities, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
administrative assistance to the D.C. staff.
Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South Florida
ties a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants
should submit the below application with a resume and cover letter in a single
PDF file. Cover letter should detail reasons for applying to the position. A
stipend will be given to accepted applicants. Deadline to apply is Sunday, July
28, 2024, by 11:59pmEST. If 50 applicants have applied, applications will close
before the deadline.
Application Link: https://forms.gle/NoS2gNrtSuGZNbqj6
MEM-306-24

The office of Congresswoman Jennifer Wexton (VA-10) seeks highly motivated
candidates for paid Fall 2024 internship positions in our D.C. office.
The ideal candidate is highly motivated, detail-oriented, and organized with
excellent communication and written skills. District or Virginia ties are
preferred. Daily responsibilities include answering phones, managing the front
office, welcoming constituents, attending briefings, compiling press clips, and
assisting the legislative team with various tasks.
Internship hours are typically Monday – Friday from 9:00 am to 5:00/6:00 pm,
but hours may be flexible to accommodate potential Fall/Winter courses.
The Office of Congresswoman Jennifer Wexton is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sexual
orientation, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
Page 6 of 19

parental status. Women, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of other
historically marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should email a resume, a well thought-out cover letter, and
a 1 page writing sample all in a single PDF
to barkat.dhaliwal@mail.house.gov with “FirstName LastName – VA10
Internship” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis
with a deadline of July 31, 5pm EST.
MEM-304-24

The Office of Congressman Brian Mast (R-FL-21), a senior member on the
House Foreign Affairs Committee, is currently accepting applications for parttime internships during the Fall 2024 term at the Washington, D.C. office. The
internship will run from August through mid-December.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting
staff with administrative duties, projects, legislative research and drafting
constituent correspondence.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a
general understanding of the legislative process, and possess strong written and
oral communication skills. Florida ties are not necessary, but preferred. Flexible
with school schedules.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and a brief writing sample in one
PDF to spencer.collins@mail.house.gov. Please use the subject line “Fall 2024
internship.” The application deadline is COB July 26, 2024.

MEM-303-24 The House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight
and Investigations (Democratic Staff) is seeking a Law Clerk for Fall 2024 to
assist in conducting oversight and investigations of issues within the
Committee’s broad jurisdiction. Law Clerks will work closely with
Subcommittee counsel and professional staff on a wide range of issues related to
the environment, energy, health care, and consumer protection sectors. This is a
paid position.
Responsibilities include assisting in the preparation for Congressional hearings;
contributing to the management of investigations of governmental and private
entities; conducting research, document review, and analysis; drafting letters,
memoranda, and investigative reports; and coordinating with other
Subcommittees of the full Committee.
The successful candidate is a current law student or recent law school graduate
who is a detail-oriented and proactive problem-solver with strong
communication and legal research and writing skills. Women, people of color,
veterans, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The office
is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
Page 7 of 19

origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Law
clerks will receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s
assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C O&I Law
Clerk.” Applications are due on July 29th, 2024.
MEM-302-24 The House Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democratic Staff seeks
a motivated and reliable undergraduate or graduate student to fill a full-time
digital media and traditional press intern position this fall.
The intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, written content
creation, graphic design, video editing, and performing other press and
administrative tasks as necessary.
Successful candidates will possess familiarity with programs such as Adobe
Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Canva, as well as compiling
and interpreting social media analytics. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid
response environment and willingness to learn are a must. This position reports
to the Communications Director. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. To apply, please send a resume
and portfolio to oversightpress@mail.house.gov.
MEM-301-24 Thank you for your interest in the House Energy and Commerce Committee
Democrats internship program. We are currently fielding applications for the
following position(s):
Legislative Intern
The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergrad students and recent graduates for Legislative Interns for the
Fall 2024 session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist
staff with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as
well as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fastpaced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a

Page 8 of 19

sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time
candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly
encouraged to apply. Interns will receive a stipend, and applicants may request
the Committee’s assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your
cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes and
whether you are available to work full-time or part-time. Please put “Fall 2024
Legislative Intern Application” in the subject line. The deadline for applications
is July 26, 2024. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-300-24 The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Majority) offers a unique opportunity
to experience first-hand the inner workings of a congressional committee. The
Committee is currently offering a full-time internship position for the Fall
semester.
Intern Role Description
Interns will work closely with Committee staff and have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the legislative process and inner-workings of a
congressional committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced front office,
answering phones, and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting
staff with hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative
research projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Interns may also help out
the press team with media clips, drafting social media posts, and various other
tasks.
How to Apply
Send the below materials to var.internship@mail.house.gov.
1. A cover letter detailing why you would like to be an intern for the House
Committee on Veterans' Affairs, Republican Office
2. A one page resume
Due Dates
• Fall semester internships: 8/2/2024
Ideal candidates must have a genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and
possess an energetic, team player attitude and have one year of college
experience. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred.

Page 9 of 19

This is a highly competitive process. Due to the limited amount of space and
resources available, there are usually more qualified applicants than positions
available.
MEM-298-24 Thank you for your interest in interning at my Durham District office or my
Washington, DC office!
Applications for the 2024 Fall Internship program in my Washington, D.C.
Office or Durham District Office are now open.
DC intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, attending hearings and
briefings on behalf of legislative staffers, supporting staff members with
legislative research and other tasks as assigned, compiling daily press clips for
the Congresswoman, sorting constituent correspondence and drafting responses,
answering phone calls, and greeting visitors to the office.
District intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
conducting research, assisting with constituent casework, engaging in
constituent correspondence, community outreach, and assisting with special
projects at the discretion of the District Director. As a result, the intern will gain
invaluable knowledge about our district and will be an integral part of the
functioning of our District Office.
Full-time interns must work at least 35-40 hours a week, Monday-Friday. Parttime interns must work at least 10-20 hours a week, Monday-Friday, and hours
may be flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis and students are encouraged to
apply early. The due date for applications is July 26. Interested applicants should
email a resume, cover letter, and at least two references to
NC04Resumes@mail.house.gov. Incomplete applications will not be reviewed.
MEM-297-24 The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi(IL-18) is seeking motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individuals for a legislative internship in
Washington, DC for Fall 2024. This internship will be an invaluable opportunity
to dive into the inner workings of Capitol Hill and learn about the legislative
process. This is a stipend-paid position.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple competing tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and
demonstrate a solid work ethic. Candidates with Schaumberg and/or Illinois ties
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting constituent
correspondence on a variety of issues, assisting legislative staff with research,
leading Capitol tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the
Page 10 of 19

front office, participating in Committee hearing and markup preparation,
drafting memorandums, and other duties as necessary.
This position is available beginning the last week of August 2024 through midDecember 2024. Interested applicants should fill out the application on our
website at https://krishnamoorthi.house.gov/services/internships. Due to the
large volume of applicants, only those applicants who are selected for interviews
will be contacted.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are
strongly encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-296-24 The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking full-time, Fall 2024 Interns
for the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, assisting the communications teams with
drafting, and other tasks as assigned.
Successful candidates will work well under deadlines, are organized, hardworking, detail-oriented, have excellent customer service skills, and are team
players. Nevada ties are strongly preferred.
Interns will be eligible for a monthly stipend. Interested candidates should send a
resume, cover letter, and 2 writing samples to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with
“Fall 2024 DC Intern - [Last Name], [First Name]” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-295-24 The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is hiring a
legislative intern for Fall 2024. Applications are due by Wednesday, July 31,
2024.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Conducting legislative research
Managing and responding to constituent correspondence
Assisting with Committee events
Attending briefings and hearings for staff
Drafting memos
Providing administrative support, including answering calls and delivering
correspondence
A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.

Page 11 of 19

Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communications skills, be
detail-oriented, and have a desire to help veterans and learn about the Committee
and the legislative process. The Committee strongly encourages veterans,
minorities, women, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ candidates, and HBCU
and MSI students to apply.
This full-time or part-time, in-person, paid position is based in Washington, D.C.
Please complete the online application at https://democratsveterans.house.gov/opportunities
MEM-294-24 The Office of Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR-06) is seeking candidates
for a full-time (40 hours a week) ten-week fall internship in our Washington
D.C. office. The preferred dates of this internship are starting in September but
can be flexible.
Interns will get an in-depth look at the operations and functions of a
congressional office, including policy, communications, office operations and
constituent services. Interns will get opportunities to attend hearings and
briefings; assist with constituent services; and research legislation.
Qualifications:
• Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
• Ability to speak courteously with constituents
• Ability to work independently and as a part of a team
• Attention to detail and eagerness to go above and beyond
• Professionalism and demonstrated interest in public service
• OR-06 ties are preferred, but not required
Compensation information:
• Interns may be eligible for a stipend based on demonstrated need.
• Academic credit may be available and should be arranged with your academic
institution.
The Office is an equal employment opportunity employer and, consistent with
the Congressional Accountability Act (“CAA”) and House Rule XXIII, does not
discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, parental status, or any other factor or basis prohibited by
applicable federal law. This means that these factors will not be the basis for any
hiring, discharge, promotion, pay, benefits, or
reassignment decision or action, or any other personnel or job action affecting
the terms, conditions, and privileges of employment. Consistent with the CAA,
the Office may, however, consider party affiliation, domicile, and political
compatibility in making employment decisions.

Page 12 of 19

Application:
We are currently accepting applications for an internship based in Washington
D.C. If interested in a district-based internship, please check Salinas.house.gov
for more information on all internships available.
To apply, please complete the online form:
https://salinas.house.gov/services/internships. Please note that you must include
your resume, cover letter, and a writing sample that is no longer than 2 pages all
in one PDF file. Rolling applications are open until July 26th at 11:59 pm PST.
MEM-291-24 The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated
candidates for a paid Fall 2024 internship position in our D.C. office.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills,
can multi-task, and is committed to being a team player. Responsibilities will
include answering phones, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the needs of
the Congresswoman’s staff.
The internship will run through the Spring semester, from 9am-6pm when
Congress is in session and from 9am-5pm when Congress is not in session. Ties
to Nevada’s First District are strongly preferred.
The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status. Women, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of
other historically marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
To apply, interested applicants should visit
https://titus.house.gov/services/congressional-internship-application.htm. No
calls or drop-ins, please. Applications will be accepted until Friday, July 26th
with applications considered on a rolling basis.
MEM-289-24 The Office of Congresswoman Sydney Kamlager-Dove (CA-37) is seeking
press interns for our Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2024 term.
Our office values open communication, hard work, and creating a collegial
environment. We are looking for interns with a can-do attitude who are eager to
grow. Interns will have great opportunities to learn from office staff and network
with others to make the most of their time with our office!
Intern Expectations
Candidates should have an interest in the legislative process and civic service;
possess excellent writing, research, organization, time management, and

Page 13 of 19

communication skills; work well in a team environment; and have a general
understanding of the US political system.
Internship Responsibilities
Press interns can expect to:
· Assist the Communications Director and Press Assistant in drafting social
media content and other materials like press releases, website content, and
newsletters
· Create graphic design posts for social media
· Compile daily press clips
· Edit video clips
· Maintain press lists
· Answer phones and assist in correspondence as needed.
In our DC office, you can apply to be a Press intern.
Internship Dates and Details:
Fall internships are slated to start late-August/early September and go until mid
December, with some flexibility. Interns are expected to work in person in the
office, Monday-Friday 9 a.m.- 5 p.m. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate
remote or hybrid internships at this time. We will also accept Part-time
applicants if school schedules cause a need for accommodations.
Deadline: Applications must be submitted by 6 p.m. ET on Friday, July 25th .
To apply: Interested applicants should send their resume and a brief cover letter
(in one document) to:
· CA37.internships@mail.house.gov for DC office internship.
o Use the subject line “First name Last name [press] – Fall 2024 internship”
Please reach out our intern coordinator, Madilyn Brandon, with any questions at
Madilyn.Brandon@mail.house.gov.
MEM-286-24 Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking an enthusiastic, highly
motivated press/digital intern to work in person in the Washington, DC office
for the Fall Session. Press/Digital Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated
into the day-to-day operations of our office.
They are entrusted with a wide range of responsibilities to assist our
communications staff. This includes, but is not limited to attending press
conferences, compiling press clips, drafting social media posts, drafting press
releases, talking points and other written materials, answering phones, and
sorting mail.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual and have strong writing and
editing skills. A working knowledge of digital content creation products (Adobe
Page 14 of 19

Creative Suite, Canva, or equivalent products) is a plus. Preferred applicants have
District ties, though not required. This is a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application on our site: meeks.house.gov/services/internships
with a resume, one-page writing sample and graphic design sample no later than
COB August 9, 2024.
MEM-285-24 Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is seeking enthusiastic highly
motivated part time legislative interns to work in person in the Washington, DC
office for the Fall Session. Interns in Washington, DC are fully integrated into
the day-to-day operations of our office. They are entrusted with a wide range of
responsibilities to assist our legislative and communications staff. This includes
attending congressional hearings, writing memos, administrative tasks, answering
phones, sorting mail, and assisting staff.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have strong writing and
editing skills. Preferred applicants have District ties, though not required. This is
a paid opportunity.
Please submit your application on our site: meeks.house.gov/services/internships
with a resume, cover letter, up to 2-page writing sample, no later than COB
August 9, 2024.
MEM-283-24 Representative Jim Baird (IN-4) is seeking internship applicants for Fall 2024 in
his Washington, DC office. This is a paid, in-person, invaluable opportunity to
experience the legislative process hands-on through a wide range of tasks and
responsibilities providing support with office administration, communications,
and legislative work.
Responsibilities may include answering phones, greeting office visitors, sorting
mail, conducting legislative research, attending hearings and briefings, giving
tours of the U.S. Capitol, assisting communications staff with press releases and
social media, and drafting constituent letters.
The ideal candidate should have strong oral and written communication skills, be
detail oriented, motivated, and flexible, and address all work with a positive
attitude.
Prior constituent or customer service experience, a demonstrated interest in
public service, and District/Indiana ties are preferred.
The internship will run from late August/early September to mid-December and
can be full-time or part-time to accommodate educational commitments.
Interested applicants should apply and upload a resume through the website at:
Page 15 of 19

https://baird.house.gov/services/internships.htm. Any questions can be directed to
baird.intern@mail.house.gov
MEM-282-24 The Washington, D.C. Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07),
member of the House Judiciary Committee and Chair of the Congressional
Progressive Caucus, is seeking a law clerk to work with her legislative team.
Under the supervision of the office’s Legislative Counsel, the law clerk will
conduct legal and policy research, attend and staff Judiciary Committee hearings,
make vote recommendations, and draft legal and policy memos and other
documents. High-achieving law students interested in public law, policy, politics,
or government service are strongly encouraged to apply.
Law clerks will engage in serious, substantive work across a number of issue
areas, including antitrust enforcement, administrative law reform, civil rights and
civil liberties, court reform and oversight, criminal justice, voting rights, and
intellectual property. The clerkship is unpaid but available for academic credit.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please email a (1) resume, (2) cover letter, (3) writing sample, and (4)
list of three references with email contacts to
Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov. Please send all application documents
in a single PDF file and include “Law Clerk – FirstName Last Name” in the
subject line.
MEM-279-24 The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking part-time and full-time paid
interns for the Fall 2024 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings,
performing legislative research, and supporting staff members on various
projects. Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent
communication skills, a strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public
service and progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by
an outside organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.

Page 16 of 19

Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample,
three references, and availability to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with
the subject “First Name.Last Name Internship Application” by Thursday, July
25th.
MEM-277-24 The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks energetic and
self-motivated individuals with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its paid, full-time Fall 2024 internship program.
The Committee on House Administration maintains jurisdiction of federal
election policy and manages the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives with oversight of several offices within the Capitol Complex,
including the Chief Administrative Officer, Architect of the Capitol, Clerk of the
House, House Inspector General, Sergeant at Arms, U.S. Capitol Police, and
other legislative branch entities like the Library of Congress, Government
Publishing Office, and the Smithsonian Institution.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with
phones, and providing support to all Committee staff.
Responsibilities:
Interns are responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
entering data, and drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes
performing research, drafting public statements, prepping materials for hearings,
attending hearings and briefings, reaching out to agencies and other
congressional offices, and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability to
CHAInternGOP@mail.house.gov.
MEM-265-24 Congressman Cliff Bentz (OR-02) is seeking interns for his Washington D.C.
Office. Congressman Bentz is a member of the House Judiciary Committee and
the House Natural Resources Committee. Ideal candidates will be college
students or recent graduates who are outgoing, proactive, hard-working, detailoriented, enthusiastic, able to multi-task, and have customer service experience.
Interns will assist with many of the daily activities related to constituent relations
and legislative research. Although no two days are the same, an intern may be
expected to answer phones, greet Oregonians, attend policy meetings with other
staff, and assist in managing constituent correspondences and administrative
operations. Interns may also lead tours of the U.S. Capitol and attend committee
Page 17 of 19

hearings.
Interns will be immersed in the congressional process and their work will provide
valuable experience for future endeavors. The internship will generate the
opportunity to foster excellent connections, learn about many issues affecting our
state and country, gain expertise in any policy areas you might be interested in,
and get a detailed look at what makes the United States the most enduring
democracy in the world.
Desired Availability: Applicants should be able to commit to at least 20 hours per
week. Office hours are 9:00AM – 5:00PM weekdays. The internship is in-person
and paid. All interested applicants are asked to fill out the application form found
on the Congressman’s website: https://bentz.house.gov/services/internships
MEM-262-24 Congressman Cory Mills’ (FL-07) Washington, D.C. office is currently seeking.
qualified individuals to serve in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall of
2024.
Interns will observe the inner workings of a Congressional office, while gaining
firsthand knowledge of the legislative process. Responsibilities include leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, greeting constituents, assisting staff with
legislative projects and attending briefings and hearings.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. This is a paid internship.
Please send resumes and cover letter to Milka.jurado2@mail.house.gov
MEM-258-24 The DC office of Representative Yadira Caraveo, M.D. (CO-08) is looking for
Fall 2024 full-time and part-time interns! This internship will run from late
August/mid-September through mid-December/early January and take place in
person in the DC office. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. Intern
schedules can be modified to fit with any classloads.
Successful applicants will be motivated, detail-oriented, display a strong work
ethic, and interact well with constituents. In addition, applicants should have a
strong interest in the legislative process and the function of Congress. A monthly
stipend will be provided to individuals selected for the internship.
Job Duties:
• Duties in this role include but are not limited to:
• Provide a welcoming environment and a positive first impression of the
office to constituents and visitors to the office
• Handle incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness
• Sort and/or log incoming calls, mail, and electronic correspondence
Page 18 of 19

•
•
•
•
•
•

Assist with tour and greeting requests
Assist the Legislative Correspondent/Staff Assistant with research and
preparing official correspondence
Run errands, draft letters, draft memos for office staff
Assist with various constituent case work and constituent services
Attend policy briefings and other informational sessions, then prepare
briefs on the covered information
Overall assist the DC office team with work as assigned

To apply, please fill out the application though:
https://caraveo.house.gov/services/internships. Please select Fall as your
preferred term and DC as your preferred location. Please indicate
your availability in your cover letter.
Due to a high volume of applicants, you will likely only be contacted if you are
selected for an interview. If you have any questions, please reach out to Emma
Casey at Emma.Casey@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.

Page 19 of 19

