________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 5, 2016

MEM-278-16

Democratic Leadership Office seeks highly motivated candidates for a full-time,
unpaid internship. Intern responsibilities include administrative duties and
legislative duties as necessary. Administrative support includes preparing briefing
binders, setting up events, and other projects as assigned by staff. The position
requires a positive attitude, strong organizational skills, and the ability to multitask and work well under pressure in a fast-paced, information-sensitive
environment.
Please send a resume and cover letter to deminternship2016@gmail.com. Please
no drop-bys, phone calls, or emailing staff members.

MEM-277-16

The Office of Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks full time intern for fall
2016. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone calls,
assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending various
briefings, and providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates
will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work
in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about
the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov.

Page 1 of 9

MEM-276-16

The Washington, DC, office of a Senior Member of the Ways and Means
Committee has unpaid Press internship openings to begin immediately. Press
interns are expected to work long hours and commit between 3-5 days per week.
Internship duties include, but are not limited to compiling and daily clips, drafting
press releases and op-eds, proofreading and editing, maintaining press lists,
updating Member's communications calendar, website and social media
platforms. Intern may also assist with answering phones, incoming and outgoing
mail, addressing constituent concerns, and assisting the Legislative/District office
staff. Strong writing skills are needed and familiarity with new media and website
development is a plus. Priority will be given to those with journalism or
communications education/experience. The ideal candidate will be creative,
motivated, mature, detail-orientated, and possess the ability to multi-task under
high pressure. This is a great opportunity for college students and recent
graduates. Women and minorities, especially those with Spanish language
fluency, are highly encouraged to apply. To apply for the position, please send
your cover letter, resume and writing sample addressed to the Comm. Director at
ny13intern@gmail.com with the subject: Press Intern.

MEM-275-16

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) is currently seeking full or
part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess
conservative values and hold strong written and verbal communication skills.
Position duties include: attending Congressional hearings, leading Capitol tours,
and assisting legislative staff with research. Recent graduates are welcome to
apply. Interested applicants should send their resume and availability to
Rachel.Long@mail.house.gov.

MEM-273-16

Midwest Democrat seeks press intern for fall semester. Interns will work in a
fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and knowledge of the
legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will gain experience
fact finding, researching current events, updating press lists, writing and editing
press releases, working on the E-newsletters, and editing social media. Interns
will have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with
correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional
hearings, and press events. Intern responsibilities will also include greeting
constituents, handling constituent phone calls, opening and sorting mail, giving
Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. This internship is
unpaid.
Qualifications:
Interns must have a good attitude, an interest in how a press office works, strong
work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Successful
interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to work both
independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to detail.
Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics,
as well as an interest in American Government. Wisconsin ties are a plus.
Requirements:

Page 2 of 9

Interns must be able to commit to at least two full days per week (9:00 am-6:00
pm). Please submit resume and 2 one page writing samples to
Nairobi.cratic@mail.house.gov by September 9th, 2016.
MEM-272-16

Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is currently seeking a full-time intern to
start the second week of September with a flexible end date. Ideal candidates
have excellent writing and research skills, a positive attitude, and a willingness to
complete tasks as assigned. Intern responsibilities include researching and writing
Congressional correspondence, helping constituents find information and fielding
constituent phone calls. This internship also provides the opportunity to work
closely with staff members and assist in various projects. Washington/West Coast
ties are preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume, cover
letter and two references to: katy.nazaretova@mail.house.gov. Please include
“WA-02 Internship” in the subject line. This internship is unpaid but office will
assist in acquiring academic credit for internship.

MEM-266-16

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks a
qualified graduate or undergraduate press intern for the fall semester 2016. An
internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Press interns will compile daily news clips, draft news
releases and social media content, conduct research, and assist with
administrative tasks such as updating media lists. In addition, interns will have
the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings, media briefings or media events on
subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction. A background in journalism,
public relations or general communications is preferred, but not required.
If you are interested in applying, please send a resume, cover letter, and two
references to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov.

MEM-265-16

Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI) is seeking a full-time congressional intern
for her Washington, D.C. office for fall 2016 (September-December). This
internship position will provide individuals the opportunity to work in a fastpaced Congressional office while receiving hands-on political experience. Duties
include answering phones, leading U.S. Capitol tours and assisting staff members
with research and special projects. There will also be frequent opportunities to
attend legislative hearings of personal interest. The ideal candidate will be
motivated; detail orientated and possesses strong communication and writing
skills. This is a great opportunity for college students or recent graduates seeking
Hill experience. Michigan ties are preferred. Interested applicants should submit a
resume and cover letter to kevin.dollhopf@mail.house.gov.

MEM-264-16

The Office of Congressman Jody Hice (R-GA) is seeking full-time and part-time
interns for the 2016 Fall Semester. Applicants should be motivated, detailoriented, and energetic with excellent oral and written communication skills.
Individuals should demonstrate strong interpersonal skills and ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong computing skills, and have a sound work ethic.
Page 3 of 9

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: answering and screening
telephone calls, organizing and managing the front office, greeting constituents
and visitors, giving tours of the Capitol, monitoring media hits, writing
constituent letters and social media posts, assisting with the planning, preparation
and execution of Member events and appearances, assisting staff with special
projects, research and assignments, attending community events, and other duties
as necessary. Although the internship is unpaid, interns will gain valuable
firsthand experience in a Congressional setting. Georgia ties are preferred, but not
required. Hours are flexible, and can be shaped around class and work
commitments. Interested applicants should send their resume and cover letter to:
Nadgey.Louis-Charles@mail.house.gov. In the subject Line, please put First
Name Last Name: Internship Application.
MEM-263-16

The office of a New York Congressman seeks an unpaid press intern with
exceptional writing and editing skills. Duties will include: authoring interesting
and creative content for the website on various topics and other tasks as assigned.
The intern must be highly motivated and have excellent writing and
communication skills. All interested and qualified candidates should email a
resume and three writing samples. Please submit all inquiries with the subject
“Press Internship” to: NY.ResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-262-16

The Office of Congressman Michael Capuano (D-MA) is looking for full-time
interns to aid our administrative and legislative team at the Washington, D.C.
office. Responsibilities include: researching legislative issues, attending
legislative hearings, answering phone calls, processing constituent mail, leading
tours of the U.S. Capitol, and assisting in any other special projects/tasks that
may arise. Applicants should be self-motivated, reliable, hardworking, and have
strong communication skills. Massachusetts ties preferred, but not required.
Fall internships start in late August and run through December. Internships are
unpaid, but academic credit is available.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a one-page writing
sample in PDF format to eliza.ramirez@mail.house.gov.

MEM-261-16

Democratic Member of the House seeks an unpaid intern for their DC office.
Responsibilities include assisting staff with general office duties, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending briefings and hearings, answering phones,
researching legislative issues, giving Capitol tours, greeting visitors and
performing various other tasks. Candidates should be energetic, enthusiastic and
able to thrive in a fast-paced working environment. Strong communication skills
are a must. Candidates should have a general understanding of the governmental
process, knowledge of North Carolina, and interest in the legislative process. If
interested, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample via email to:
nc12internjobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or walk-ins. Minorities,
LGBT and women are encouraged to apply. North Carolina ties preferred, but not
required.

Page 4 of 9

MEM-260-16

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the Winter 2016 semester. Interns will
work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will
have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence,
as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press
events. Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening
and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative
tasks. This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant
attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to
work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov with cover letter and resume.
Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted for
consideration.

MEM-259-16

A Member of the House Financial Services Committee is currently seeking full –
or part – time interns for the fall 2016 semester in Washington DC. Intern
responsibilities include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, leading tours of
the Capitol, drafting letters to constituents, and helping conduct research for
various administrative projects. Ideal candidates will have a meticulous attention
to detail, strong writing skills, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and
an enthusiasm for the political process and congressional operations. Internships
are unpaid, but can serve as a first-step towards a career on Capitol Hill. Ties to
the Pacific Northwest preferred but not required. Interested applicants should
send a resume, cover letter, and availability with the subject line “Fall 2016
Internship” to houseintern16@gmail.com.

MEM-258-16

Congressman Coffman seeks hard-working, enthusiastic legislative interns for
the Fall 2016 semester in his Washington, DC office. Interns are responsible for:
giving tours of the U.S. Capitol, answering constituent calls, sorting constituent
correspondence, assisting legislative staff with research and writing, processing
U.S. flag requests, attending Congressional briefings and hearings, and attending
events with the Congressman as necessary. Applicants should have strong written
and oral communication skills, exceptional interpersonal skills, and have
demonstrable interest in public policy and government. Attractive applicants will
have completed at least 60 credit hours of undergraduate coursework. Those with
Colorado ties and professional proficiency in Spanish are encouraged to apply.
Applicants should be aware that this is an unpaid internship that tentatively lasts
from September through December 2016. To apply, please visit:
http://coffman.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-257-16

The Office of Congressman Jared Polis (CO-02) is currently seeking full or part
time interns for the Fall 2016 semester in his Washington, D.C. office. The
Page 5 of 9

internship is scheduled to run from August to December, but can vary depending
on the candidate’s availability. Ideal candidates would be reliable, professional,
and possess strong writing and communication skills. Candidates must be willing
to work in a fast paced environment and be prepared to assist legislative and
communications staff as necessary. Responsibilities include, but are not limited
to: sorting constituent correspondence, conducting Capitol tours, answering
phones, attending hearings and briefings, and drafting constituent letters.
Internships are unpaid, but offer a great opportunity to gain professional
experience and learn more about the legislative process. Undergraduate students
or recent college graduates preferred. Colorado ties a plus, but not required.
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should send
a resume and cover letter in PDF form to: tom.clancy@mail.house.gov.
MEM-255-16

The office of Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (NE-01) is seeking full and part-time
interns for the fall semester in its DC office. Interns engage in a variety of tasks,
and their responsibilities are assigned based on interests, capabilities, and the
needs of the office. Interns will have the opportunity to hone their legislative
research and writing skills and interact with senior legislative staff; attend
hearings and briefings on Capitol Hill; assist with media/communications tasks
and gain proficiency in IQ; and participate in our office’s top priority, constituent
outreach, by leading tours, greeting visitors, and answering phones. Exceptional
interns in the past have gotten opportunities to write constituent letters and
contribute to constituent and staff meetings on and around Capitol Hill. If you are
interested in applying for one of the most robust internship programs on the Hill,
please submit a cover letter including the reason you would like an internship in
Congressman Fortenberry’s office, your résumé, two writing samples, and
references to NE01internships@gmail.com.

MEM-254-16

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Fall 2016.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity
to gain experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings
of a Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting
constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and hearings.
Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing
sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with
"2016 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be
accepted.

MEM-252-16

Moderate Senior Democratic member seeks unpaid interns for Fall 2016
(approx. September – December) in a fast-paced Congressional Office where they
will gain valuable exposure to and knowledge of the legislative process and the
Page 6 of 9

United States Congress.
Applicants should be positive, motivated, organized and reliable individuals
willing to assist with the legislative and administrative needs of the staff. Duties
include greeting constituents, answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
opening and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative research and
various other tasks to assist staff. Applicants must have strong written and oral
communication skills. Successful interns will be able to find information with
little assistance, be able to work both independently as well as part of a team
environment, and possess a strong attention to detail. Northern California
connections are preferable.
Please send resume, cover letter, and availability (both availability during the
week as well as a start and end date), three references and a one page writing
sample to DCIntern.Thompson@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2016 Internship” in
the subject line. We will hire until spaces are filled. No phone calls please.
MEM-251-16

The office of Representative Bruce Poliquin is accepting applications for
internships in Washington, D.C. for Fall 2016. The internship will offer students
and young professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process.
Interns work side by side with experienced full-time staff, and play an integral
part in the daily operations of the office. A typical day for our interns includes
welcoming folks to the office, researching legislation for the Congressman and
policy staff, and answering constituent calls and letters on various issues before
the House. Ties to Maine are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates
should send their resume and cover letter to Poliquin.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-250-16

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democrats is a legislative
office in the U.S. House of Representatives. The Committee has jurisdiction over
a broad array of education and labor policy areas, including K-12 education,
higher education, employer/employee relations, worker safety, and employer
provided health care. Representative Robert C. “Bobby” Scott (VA-03) serves as
Ranking Member.
The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democrats is currently seeking
graduate and legal interns and fellows to work on labor policy as well as general
undergraduate interns for the fall of 2016. Legislative tasks may include, but are
not limited to, legislative research, assembling information, assisting staff in
hearing and markup preparation and execution, memo and legislative writing, and
attending other hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of
taking notes.
Interested applicants should email their application materials to
jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please include your resume, a cover letter and the
internship applicant information form. Graduate students and fellows should also
include two short, relevant writing samples.
Please visit our internship at http://democratsedworkforce.creative.house.gov/about/internships for complete information on
how to apply.

Page 7 of 9

MEM-249-16

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a press intern
for our Washington, D.C. office for the fall of 2016. Candidates should be well
organized, have good oral and written communication skills, and possess a strong
interest in learning about press operations, the political process, and
congressional affairs. The intern will assist in the day-to-day operations of a DC
Congressional office by supporting members of staff with press clips and
constituent communication and will help to draft press releases, prep memos, and
social media posts, in addition to assisting with legislative research and
administrative activities. Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please
note that this internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume,
writing sample, and cover letter to Andres.Chovil@mail.house.gov. No calls or
walk-ins please.

MEM-248-16

Internship Position in House Democratic Caucus Chairman Xavier Becerra’s
Office Washington, D.C. — Rep. Xavier Becerra is looking for interns for his
Leadership office to begin March or April. Responsibilities include (but are not
limited to) transcribing videos, collecting press clips, live-streaming briefings,
supporting the Operations team in preparing Caucus events, answering phones,
providing constituency outreach support to Democratic Members of Congress
and their staff, conducting research, extracting and formatting large quantities of
data, writing detailed memos, attending relevant briefings and meetings, and
assisting with team projects. Applicants should be motivated, detail-oriented,
possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and be able to
problem solve and multi-task. Experience or interest in social media is a plus.
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants must be either college/graduate students receiving academic credit or
congressional internship/fellowship program participants. The intern should be
prepared to start working in full-time.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please send a cover
letter and resume to caucusinternresume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-247-16

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
seeking interns for the fall semester. Interns are asked to work with staff to help
prepare for committee hearings and markups, and will work on substantive
research and oversight projects in addition to press matters. Furthermore, interns
will be critical to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as
answering phones, greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships. Please fill out the provided
application and attach a resume. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-246-16

The Office of Congressman Brad Wenstrup is seeking interns for this fall.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, answering phones, matching
constituent mail to appropriate staffers, giving constituents tours of the Capitol,
and writing memos for staff on policy briefings. Interns may also occasionally be
asked to run errands for staff and complete special projects. Applicants should
Page 8 of 9

have a strong work ethic, excellent communication skills, and an interest in
politics/policy. All interested should email a resume and cover letter to
oh02interns@gmail.com.
MEM-245-16

The Office of Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson is seeking unpaid interns
for the Fall 2016 semester in the Washington D.C. office. Responsibilities include
assisting the administrative and legislative staff with writing, legislative research,
constituent services, and attending various briefings and hearings. Candidates
should be self-motivated, detail oriented, and possess strong oral and written
communication skills. This is an excellent opportunity to gain experience on
Capitol Hill while learning about the legislative process. Texas ties are preferred,
but not required. If you are interested in this internship opportunity, please e-mail
a cover letter, resume, references and a short writing sample to
Nawaid.Ladak@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or walk-ins.

MEM-244-16

The Office of Congressman Glenn Grothman (WI-06) is currently seeking fulltime interns for fall of 2016 in the Washington D.C. office. Ideal candidates
would be professional, dependable and possess strong writing and
communication skills. Responsibilities include answering phones, constituent
correspondence, Capitol tours and other legislative projects. Internships are
unpaid, but serve to provide professional and educational value to participants.
The office is flexible in allowing interns to attend hearings and briefings, as well
as work with Legislative Assistants on issues of their interest. Candidates must be
willing to work in a fast-paced environment and be interested in learning more
about the legislative process. Wisconsin ties preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability to
wi06resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-243-16

The office of Congressman Tom Reed (NY-23) is currently seeking full – or part
– time interns for the Fall 2016 semester in his Washington D.C. office. The
internship is scheduled to run from August to December, but can vary depending
on the availability of the applicant. Ideal candidates should be professional,
dependable, and possess strong communication skills. Intern responsibilities
include answering phones, giving guided tours of the Capitol, constituent
correspondence, attending hearing and briefings, and other legislative projects.
Internships are unpaid, but are a great opportunity to gain professional and
educational experience. Candidates must be willing to work in a fast-paced
environment and be interested in learning more about the legislative process.
New York ties are a plus, but not required. Interested applicants should send their
resume, cover letter, and a writing sample with the subject line “Fall Internship”
to samara.brown@mail.house.gov.

Page 9 of 9

