________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 10, 2023

MEM-353-23

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks
full or part-time paid interns for Fall 2023. This position will include a
combination of telework and in-office work as safety and logistics permit.
Duties/Responsibilities:
Interns will work on substantive projects under the direction of Committee Staff
while also serving a general administrative function. Interns will help staff
prepare for hearings and markups, take notes on relevant committee activities,
and work on research, oversight, and press-related projects. Interns will also
perform administrative tasks such as answering phones, greeting visitors, and
filing official documents.
Qualification/Skills:
Candidate should be detail-oriented and possess strong oral and written
communication skills. The position requires an ability to multitask and adapt to a
fast-paced environment. A background and/or interest in subject areas within the
committee’s jurisdiction is strongly preferred.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter
to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov. Applicants will be accepted on a rolling basis.
No calls or drop-ins please.

Page 1 of 18

MEM-351-23

The Office of Congresswoman Grace F. Napolitano (D-CA) is seeking candidates
for a paid Fall internship in our Washington D.C. office.
Qualified candidates will have strong oral and written communication skills,
eager to learn, detail oriented, and passionate about public service.
Responsibilities include:
-Answering phones
-Writing letters to constituents on a variety of policy topics
-Assisting constituents with matters related to federal agencies
-Researching legislation for the Member and the staff
-Attending hearings and briefings
The ideal candidate will be available from September through December and can
work from 9am – 6pm ET when Congress is in session and from 9am – 5pm ET
when Congress is not in session. District ties and Southern California ties are
strongly preferred.
To apply for an internship please email Sam.Schiller@mail.house.gov by
midnight ET on July 21st, 2023, with a resume and cover letter in a single PDF
file. Please have your email subject line read “Fall Internship Application – (First
Name, Last Name).”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-350-23

Congressman Kevin Mullin’s (CA-15) D.C. office is seeking an in-person, parttime, paid press intern for Fall 2023.
The press intern will work closely with the Press Secretary and occasionally the
legislative team.
Applicants should be organized, creative, familiar with current events, and detailoriented. Responsibilities include answering telephones, compiling daily press
clips, creating content for social media, drafting press releases, newsletters, and
other written materials, maintaining press lists, clipping floor and hearing
remarks, and designing graphics.
The ideal candidate is team-oriented, has written and oral communication skills,
experience with graphic design, and relevant communications experience. A
strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and a
willingness to assist wherever needed is a must.

Page 2 of 18

This position pays $15 per hour and will be based on an approximately 25-hour
work week. Interested applicants should send their resume and a cover letter
explaining their interest and any relevant experience
to Mullininternships@gmail.com with the subject line “Mullin Fall Press
Internship Application.”
California ties are preferred, but not required. The deadline to apply is July 28th,
2023. Due to the large volume of applicants, only those applicants who are
selected for interviews will be contacted.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
MEM-349-23

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting
applications for paid legislative internships for the fall semester.
The ideal candidate will have excellent communication and written skills, interest
in the legislative process, resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fastpaced environment. Ties to the Bay Area or California are preferred, but not
required.
Responsibilities include answering phones, research, drafting constituent
correspondence, attending policy briefings and hearings, recommending
legislation to the Congressman, and other tasks as assigned. The Fall term begins
late-August or early-September and ends mid- to late-December with flexible
start and end dates. Work will be in-person and is compensated at $15 per hour.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and one page writing sample as
one PDF to MullinInternships@gmail.com. Email subject line should follow the
following format: LastName, FirstName – Fall Internship. Additionally, please
note your availability and any ties to the Bay Area or California in the body of
your email. The deadline to apply is July 25th, 2023. Due to the large volume of
applicants, only those applicants who are selected for interviews will be
contacted.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-348-23

The Office of Congressman Maxwell Alejandro Frost is hiring an intern in our
Washington, D.C. office for the fall 2023 semester.
Interns will gain invaluable educational experience from working in Congress.
The hours can be flexible to accommodate students' course schedules, but we
Page 3 of 18

generally require 35 hours a week and pay $18 an hour.
Interns' responsibilities will vary. They may be asked to answer phones, run
errands, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings
and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House.
As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.
District and Florida ties preferred. Women, people of color, and other members
of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should apply
via https://frost.house.gov/services/internships The deadline to apply for the fall
session is July 31, 2023.
MEM-347-23

Congressman Barry Moore (AL-02) is seeking part-time OR full-time interns for
the Fall 2023 semester in both his Washington, D.C. and District offices.
The internships are based in the Washington, D.C., Andalusia, Wetumpka, Troy,
and Dothan, Alabama offices. They are open to college students of all majors and
designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates
with an interest in public service. Hours are flexible to accommodate course
schedules, but generally run from 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Preferred candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong
attention to detail, a passion for public service, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Intern responsibilities include answering the phones, drafting constituent letters,
listening to hearings and briefings, assisting the press & leg team, conducting
research, and administrative work as needed. Interns will gain an understanding
of the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and class schedule/availability
to Internships.AL02@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall Intern
Application 2023 (Office Location).” Please specify in the email and subject line
which office you are applying for.

MEM-346-23

The office of Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) is seeking college juniors
and seniors, recent graduates, and grad students for in-person fall internships in
her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include:
•Answering phones,
•Conducting a semester-long capstone project,
•Writing constituent letters,
Page 4 of 18

•Assisting legislative staff with research, and
•Categorizing mail.
Successful candidates will work well under pressure, are organized, hardworking, detail-oriented, have customer service/retail experience, and can have
some fun! Ohio ties are preferred but not required, and candidates of color,
women, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interns will
be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested applicants should send a resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to OH11InternResumes@mail.house.gov with “Fall Intern [LASTNAME]” in the
subject line. The deadline to apply is July 21 close of business. No phone calls or
drop-ins, please.
MEM-345-23

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Pat Ryan (NY-18) is seeking
interns for the Fall 2023 semester, from approximately mid-August to December.
This position comes with a monthly stipend.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Attending hearings and briefings on behalf of legislative staffers
•Compiling daily press clips for the Congressman
•Sorting constituent correspondence and drafting responses
•Leading tours of the Capitol
•Answering phone calls and greeting visitors to the office
•Supporting staff members with legislative research and other tasks as assigned
Ideal applicants will have strong written and oral communication skills, a
demonstrated interest in government and public service, the ability to multitask
and stay focused in a fast-paced environment, and a positive attitude.
Undergraduate students and recent graduates are preferred, ties to NY-18 a plus.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity highly. People
of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
The application can be found via https://patryan.house.gov/services/internships
Deadline to apply is Friday, July 14, by 5pm.
Please reach out to finn.donohue@mail.house.gov with any questions.

MEM-344-23

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks interns for his Washington office in
Fall 2023.
Texas connections a plus. Upload resume, brief writing sample, and three
references at https://doggett.house.gov/services/internships. No calls or drop-ins
please.
Page 5 of 18

MEM-343-23

“Representative Kat Cammack (FL-03) seeks applicants for a full-time paid
internship for Fall 2023 (Internship would run from August through December
2023) in her Washington DC office.
Intern responsibilities are, but are not limited to, answering phones, logging
constituent concerns, running errands in the Capitol, and aiding various staff in
the Member’s office. Ideal candidates will be quick learners that have initiative, a
strong work ethic, strong communication skills, a positive attitude, and are
timely. Undergraduate and recent college graduates are preferred. Academic
credit is available for qualifying students.
Internships are in-person and will require candidates to move to Washington,
D.C. for the duration of the internship.
Interested candidates should email with “Washington D.C. Intern Fall 2023” in
the subject line, their resume, cover letter, two references, and social media
handles to FL03.Internships@mail.house.gov (No drop-ins or phone calls). The
Deadline to apply is July 14th.”

MEM-341-23

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for the Fall 2023 semester.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample at the following link: cartwright.house.gov/services/internships
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-338-23

Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Fall 2023.
The internship is in-person and will run from mid-August to mid-December.
Dates are flexible. This internship is open to undergraduate students and recent
college graduates.
Page 6 of 18

Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Fall 2023 Internship” to Grace.Looney@mail.house.gov, or by applying
through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships
MEM-337-23

The Office of Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (D-OR-06) is seeking candidates
for a part-time (20 hours a week) or full-time (40 hours a week) fall internship in
our Washington D.C. office.
The preferred dates of this internship are August 28th through December 15th but
can be flexible.
Interns will get an in-depth look at the operations and functions of a
congressional office, including policy, communications, office operations and
constituent services. Interns will get opportunities to attend hearings and
briefings; assist with constituent services; and research legislation.
Qualifications:
•Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
•Ability to speak courteously with constituents
•Ability to work independently and as a part of a team
•Attention to detail and eagerness to go above and beyond
•Professionalism and demonstrated interest in public service
•OR-06 ties are preferred, but not required
Compensation information:
•Interns will be paid an equivalent of $3,200/month full-time or $1,600/month
part-time
•Academic credit may be available and should be arranged with your academic
institution
The Office is an equal employment opportunity employer and, consistent with the
Congressional Accountability Act (“CAA”) and House Rule XXIII, does not
discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, parental status, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable
federal law. This means that these factors will not be the basis for any hiring,
discharge, promotion, pay, benefits, or
reassignment decision or action, or any other personnel or job action affecting the
terms, conditions, and privileges of employment. Consistent with the CAA, the
Page 7 of 18

Office may, however, consider party affiliation, domicile, and political
compatibility in making employment decisions.
Application:
We are currently accepting applications for an internship based in Washington
D.C.. If interested in a district-based internship, please
check Salinas.house.gov for more information on all internships available.
To apply, please complete the online
form: https://salinas.house.gov/services/internships. Please note that you must
include your resume, cover letter, and a writing sample that is no longer than 2
pages. Rolling applications are open until July 23rdat 8:59 PM PST/ 11:59 PM
EST.
MEM-336-23

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) is seeking motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individuals for a legislative internship in
Washington, DC for Fall 2023.
This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to dive into the inner workings
of Capitol Hill and learn about the legislative process. This is a stipend-paid
position.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting constituent correspondence
on a variety of issues, assisting legislative staff with research, leading Capitol
tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office,
participating in Committee hearing and markup preparation, drafting
memorandums, and other duties as necessary.
This position is available beginning late-August 2023 through December 2023.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to the
Intern Coordinator, Kriti Korula, at kriti.korula@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Garcia Fall Internship Application”. Applications will be accepted until July
21, 2023, COB. Due to the large volume of applicants, only those applicants who
are selected for interviews will be contacted.
This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

Page 8 of 18

MEM-334-23

The Office of Congressman Brian Mast (R-FL-21) is currently accepting
applications for the part-time summer internship program in the Washington,
D.C. office. The internship will run from August to December.
Responsibilities include answering and logging constituent phone calls, assisting
staff with administrative duties, projects, legislative research and drafting
constituent correspondence.
The ideal candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have a
general understanding of the legislative process, and possess strong written and
oral communication skills. Florida ties are not necessary.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and a cover letter
to mckayla.swan@mail.house.gov. Please use the subject line “Summer 2023
internship.”

MEM-333-23

A GOP Texas Member of Congress seeks a paid, full-time Press/Digital Fellow
for the fall semester.
Responsibilities include drafting digital content and graphics, assisting with the enewsletter, media monitoring, and assisting the Press Assistant and
Communications Director with various communications-related tasks.
The ideal candidate possesses strong writing skills and experience using Canva
and/or Adobe Creative Suite.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and both a writing and
digital sample to maddie.bruno@mail.house.gov

MEM-331-23

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (DC-00) is seeking to
hire a motivated, detail-oriented, current college undergrad student, graduate
student, or recent graduate wishing to gain constituent-oriented internship
experience in the DC District Office.
District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, conducting research,
assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the
District Director. As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions
of our impactful District office.
The term of this internship will be from September 5th, 2023---December 14th,
2023. The internship is paid full-time internship, interns must work at least 30
hours a week and will be provided a travel stipend. Typical hours for internships
are Monday through Thursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm, although hours may be
flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules.

Page 9 of 18

Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, 1 writing sample on a
current issue, and at least one reference to norton.casework@mail.house.gov.
The deadline to apply is 9:00 am EST, Tuesday, August 11th. District ties are
encouraged but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
MEM-330-23

Rep. Mike Collins (GA-10) is currently seeking full-time or part-time interns to
work in his Washington, D.C. office for the Fall 2023 term.
Intern responsibilities include communicating directly with constituents, in-depth
policy research, assisting the communications team, leading Capitol tours, and
performing administrative tasks. Interns will also be able to attend exclusive
lectures, sit in on committee hearings, and participate in press events. Ideal
candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, excellent communication
skills, and a willingness to learn.
Those interested should send their resume
to Jonathon.Hatz@mail.house.gov with "Fall 2023 Internship" in the subject line
or fill out our internship form here: https://collins.house.gov/services/internships.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis. If you have any questions, please do
not hesitate to reach out. This is a paid internship.

MEM-327-23

The House Democratic Caucus is currently seeking candidates for paid
internships for the 2023 Fall term (late August – mid-December). Internships are
full-time and in-person in our Washington, DC office. Current college students
and recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Interns support the daily operations of the Caucus office and the ideal candidate
will be dependable, professional, detail-oriented and an efficient multitasker. The
House Democratic Caucus offers three types of internships with the following
responsibilities:
Press: Compiling daily clips, drafting press releases and other written materials,
maintaining press lists, and assisting with press events and other Caucus events
and meetings. Spanish fluency is a plus.
Digital: Drafting digital copy for the Caucus official social media channels,
collaborating on creative graphic and video content, and assisting with press
conferences and other Caucus events and meetings.
Operations: Greeting guests, answering phones, monitoring and responding to the
Caucus email inbox, attending briefings and drafting memos, assisting with
Caucus Meetings and events, helping Member offices and various day-to-day
office tasks.

Page 10 of 18

The House Democratic Caucus is an equal opportunity employer; we do not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital
status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable
federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require a reasonable accommodation
to participate in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes. Proof of COVID-19
vaccination will be requested.
Interested applicants should submit an application using the link below and send
a resume, cover letter, and one-page writing sample
to Intern.DemCau@mail.house.gov with “[Full Name] - Fall 2023
[Press/Digital/Operations] Intern” in the subject line. Digital applicants should
also submit 1-2 digital samples.
The deadline to apply for our Fall cohort is Friday, July 14, 2023.
Application
Link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe_TlyAZ_iq4zRvg2GvHPK
GCWi8TjGfouq_ZOKbWWOwY4B7Wg/viewform?usp=sf_link
MEM-322-23

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Fall 2023.
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
*Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
*Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 20 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.

Page 11 of 18

Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District.
The deadline to submit applications is July 28, 2023, at 11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ+
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ+
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-318-23

“Republican Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is seeking paid, in-person
interns for his Washington, DC office for the Fall 2023 term.
Functioning as a key part of the staff, our interns help draft constituent
correspondence, memos, and press releases, research legislation, take phone calls,
and assist with various administrative tasks. We’re looking for college students or
recent graduates who are motivated, detail-orientated, and ready to work in a fastpaced setting.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure in a team environment. A positive attitude and interest in politics is a
must. California ties are preferred, but not required and academic credit is
available for qualifying students.
Interested applicants should email their resume, cover letter, and dates of
availability to savannah.coughlin@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2023 Internship” in
the subject line.”

MEM-317-23

The Democratic staff of the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is
seeking passionate and self-motivated law students for full-time or part-time
internships.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly
in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative
operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive Branch officials and stakeholders for the purpose of taking notes. Law
students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff.

Page 12 of 18

Applicants should have an interest in public service and a desire to learn. They
also must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be selfmotivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Hours
can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the office full-time are preferred.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Fall 2023 Legal Internship” in the subject line. Please attach the resume
and cover letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.
MEM-316-23

The Office of Congressman Robert Garcia (CA-42) is currently hiring for a paid
part-time press intern position to work in the Washington, D.C. office. The
internship will run through late August 2023.
The Press Intern works closely with the communications team. Primary
educational opportunities and responsibilities will include:
• Compiling daily clips
• Drafting press releases and other written materials
• Maintaining press lists
• Creating graphics for social media
The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and have
interest in political communications.
All qualified applicants, including candidates of diverse backgrounds, are
encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
Interested applicants should send a one-page resume, and 2 relevant sample
tweets to sara.guerrero@mail.house.gov and marissa.davis@mail.house.gov with
“Full Name –Summer Press Intern 2023” in the subject line. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis.

MEM-311-23

"The Washington D.C. Office of Congressman Anthony D’Esposito is looking
for highly motivated individuals for their fall internship program.
Page 13 of 18

Candidates should be able to work efficiently in high stress, fast moving
environments and handle multiple projects at the same time. Duties include
answering phones and speaking with constituents, greeting guests in the front
office, assisting the legislative and communications teams, and leading
constituent tours. Interns will get a unique look behind the scenes of the federal
legislative process and will gain valuable public policy experience. Ties to the
district are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should submit their applications
to https://desposito.house.gov/services/internships for consideration."
MEM-308-23

“The Office of Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) seeks
exceptional students that are committed to public service to serve as interns in
our DC and DE offices this fall.
The fall internship is from August – December 2023 and is open to college
students and recent graduates. In Washington, D.C., interns' responsibilities will
vary and include answering phones, researching legislation for the Member and
legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, and answering constituent
letters on various issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.
In the district offices, interns may be asked to help with day-to-day office work
such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with media clips. In
addition, interns may be assigned to work on various constituent casework issues
and Delaware-based special projects.
To apply, please send one compiled PDF of your resume, a cover letter that
describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and the
contact information for two references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov,
indicating the office (DC, Wilmington, or Georgetown) and the term you are
applying for in the subject line (i.e. “DC Fall 2023 Internship – NAME”).
Please note in the cover letter or body of the email if the internship is for school
credit. No phone calls, emails, or drop-ins please. “

MEM-304-23

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Fall Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting constituent correspondence
•Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
•Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
•Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Page 14 of 18

Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Emily.Kastenberg@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall
Legislative Internship, NAME” by July 24th, 2023. Please include availability in
the cover letter and compile all application materials into one PDF document.
MEM-302-23

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
with our DC office for the Fall 2023 session. The internship would begin August
21 and last until December 15.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge over the
day-to-day happenings within Congress. Additionally, interns co-currently
enrolled in an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship
is an ideal fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government –
however, any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the
legislative staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours,
and helping with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate or graduate student or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should address their application materials to Katonya
Pettaway at Interns.NC03@gmail.com. Applications should include a cover
letter, resume, and what the individual’s internship schedule may look like.

MEM-299-23

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking full-time and part-time paid
interns for the Fall 2023 term. This is an in-person position.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings/hearings, performing
legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects.
Ideal candidates should be professional and possess excellent communication
skills, a strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public service and

Page 15 of 18

progressive values. All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by an outside
organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter stating availability,
short writing sample, and three references
to Jayapal.DCInternships@mail.house.gov with the subject “2023 Fall Internship
Application – FirstName LastName” by Sunday, July 16th.
MEM-298-23

DC Digital Production Intern
Congressman Seth Moulton is seeking a driven Digital Production Intern to join a
fast-paced communications team for the Fall.
General Information:
The internship is in-person and based out of our Washington, D.C. office.
Preference will go to applicants available to join us full-time. A financial stipend
will be provided.
Duties and Expectations:
●Clipping and preparing videos from press hits and hearings
●Assisting in drafting social media graphics, copy, and posts
●Drafting press releases and our biweekly newsletter
●Helping maintain and updating the Congressman’s website
●Conducting research and providing staff support for the communications team
Candidates must:
●Be familiar with Adobe Illustrator or Photoshop **(please indicate both or
which on your resume)
●Have strong written and oral communications skills
●Have advanced creativity and artistic ability
●Ability to handle multiple tasks on tight deadlines
●Be a team-player
Submission:
Questions about the position and any applications should be emailed
to michael.suchecki@mail.house.gov
●Please submit a resume, cover letter, and three or more samples of your digital
work
●Please include “Digital Production Intern” in the subject line
●Note that applications will close at 11:59pm July 16, 2023.

Page 16 of 18

Inclusion Statement:
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equalopportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
MEM-297-23

Team Moulton is seeking exceptional students interested in foreign policy and
national security to participate in the Fern Holland International Affairs
Fellowship Program.
This is a full-time, paid foreign policy fellowship for Fall 2023. This opportunity
is based on financial need and is only open to candidates who are Pell-grant
eligible. The fellowship is in our Washington, D.C. office. Recent college
graduates, and students currently enrolled in graduate school are preferred. Under
very rare circumstances the office will also hire undergraduate students.
Team Moulton is looking for hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to strengthening our democracy. This fully-funded
fellowship covers the cost of housing, transportation, and food with a stipend.
Women, people of color, and members of other underrepresented communities
are especially encouraged to apply.
This fellowship offers an in-depth look into a career of service to our nation.
Fellows will be expected to perform rigorous research, advise senior staff and the
Congressman on important issues, and craft policies in international affairs and
national security, in addition to some regularly assigned intern responsibilities.
To apply, please fill out the internship application form
at moulton.house.gov under the ‘Services’ tab and attach a cover letter and
resume, or click the link HERE. If you have trouble accessing the application
form, please email kaitlyn.dinh@mail.house.gov.
If selected, you will be required to submit a FAFSA form. We are accepting
applications for Fall through July 16, 2023 at midnight. Feel free to call our office
with any questions you may have at (202) 225-8020 or email our internship
coordinator, Kaitlyn Dinh (kaitlyn.dinh@mail.house.gov)

MEM-296-23

Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his Salem office and
Washington D.C. office in Fall 2023.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, recent college
graduates, students currently enrolled in graduate school. Under very rare
circumstances the office will also host high school students. A financial stipend
will be provided.
Page 17 of 18

RESPONSIBILITIES
●Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk
●Taking notes at briefings and hearings
●Categorizing and responding to constituent mail
●Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents
●Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman
●Assembling press and news clips
●Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research
APPLICATIONS
Applicants can access the application here. or they can apply through the
internship portal at moulton.house.gov, under the ‘Services’ tab. If you have
trouble accessing the application form, please
email kaitlyn.dinh@mail.house.gov.
You will need a cover letter and resume to apply, in addition to filling out the
online application. We will review applications on a rolling basis, if you are
selected for an interview, a staff member will contact you. The application
deadline is July 16 at 11:59pm ET.
MEM-597-22

House Democrat seeks a paid Legislative Fellow to assist senior legislative staff
with a wide variety of legislative topics and tasks. The Legislative Fellow will
gain experience in preparing for committee hearings and markups; developing
and advancing legislation; drafting speeches; and meeting with constituents and
other stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will possess superb written and oral communication skills;
have some policy experience; and will enjoy collaborating with others in a fastpaced environment.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to housedemjobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Fellow” in the subject line.

Page 18 of 18

