________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 25, 2019

MEM-110-19

The office of Congresswoman Kendra Horn (OK-05) is currently accepting
applications for our internship program. We are looking for a highly motivated,
personable and professional interns. Tasks include answering the phones,
handling incoming and outgoing mail, leading Capitol tours, addressing
constituent concerns, attending briefings and supporting staff as needed. Our
interns are provided with first hand experiences and gain invaluable insight into
the legislative process, the importance of casework and the value of constituent
and community outreach.
Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing
skills, who pay close attention to detail, have a strong work ethic and works well
on a team. Successful candidates would spend 25-40 hours per week interning in
the DC office. Oklahoma ties a plus. Women and minority candidates are
particularly encouraged to apply. All applicants will be considered without regard
to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age.

Page 1 of 15

To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability
with the subject line “Internship Application” to
victoria.bautista@mail.house.gov or if you have any further questions.
MEM-107-19

Capitol Hill internships provide valuable opportunities for college students and
new graduates to experience our nation's legislative process first hand. The
majority of current Hill staffers, from chiefs of staff to legislative assistants,
started off as personal office and committee interns.
Representative Mark Amodei (NV-02) offers the opportunity for college students
and recent graduates to participate in internships in his Washington, D.C. office.
Successful candidates must have excellent organizational, personal, writing and
communication skills. Nevada ties are a plus, but are not required. Special
consideration will be given to applicants from Nevada’s 2nd Congressional
District or students attending institutions of higher education in Nevada.
Internships can be a great opportunity to learn the legislative process, experience
life in Washington, D.C., and see how your government works. Responsibilities
include answering phones, providing constituents tours of the U.S. Capitol,
legislative research, assisting the communications director, and aiding staff for
special projects as needed. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend
committee hearings, briefings, and staff meetings. This rewarding experience
offers students and recent graduates the opportunity to learn about and contribute
to the day-to-day operations of a Congressional office. Furthermore, full-time
interns may have to opportunity to receive a monthly stipend.
Currently seeking interns for:
Spring: March - May
If you are interested in interning in our Washington, D.C. office, please submit
your resume and cover letter to Congressman Mark Amodei’s intern coordinator
at: Jessica.Kleitsch@mail.house.gov

MEM-106-19

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full-time Interns in
our Washington, D.C. office to begin in May. Interns in our office perform
legislative and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational
experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending
policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research,
producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members
on various projects of interest.

Page 2 of 15

Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! Candidates
of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please submit a form on
our website at: https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships/congressionalinternship-application or send a resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample to
Sydney.Scott@mail.house.gov with “2019 Pocan Summer Internship” in the
subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-105-19

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20) is seeking enthusiastic and highly
motivated applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for Spring 2018.
The internship is scheduled to run during March through May/June, depending on
the availability of the applicant.
Candidates should possess a strong interest in the legislative process. Strong oral
and written skills and close attention to details are imperative. Interns are
considered an integral part of the team and will have the opportunity to gain
experience working on Capitol Hill and learn firsthand about the workings of a
Congressional office. Responsibilities will include conducting legislative
research, drafting memos and responses to letters from constituents, assisting
constituents and visitors to the office, and attending briefings and hearings.
Congressman Hastings supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their school or university. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter, writing
sample and dates of availability to internship.alhastings@mail.house.gov with
"2018 Fall Internship" in the subject line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be
accepted.

MEM-101-19

The House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority Staff is currently looking for
full-time interns to start immediately for the Spring semester.
Interns will be responsible for providing staff members with policy and
administrative support. Duties may include answering phones, compiling press
clips, attending staff briefings, performing legislative and policy research,
drafting memoranda and other written materials, and a variety of other tasks.
Candidates should be team-oriented, resourceful, upbeat people who have skills
beyond research and require little supervision. This internship is open to
undergraduates (rising seniors and above), recent graduates, and Master’s and law
students. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply.

Page 3 of 15

If you would like to be considered for an internship please submit a resume and
cover letter to hcfa.democrat@mail.house.gov and include “Spring 2019
Internship” in the subject line of the email.
MEM-099-19

“Washington, D.C. — Congresswoman Veronica Escobar (TX-16) is seeking a
professional, dependable, and enthusiastic student or recent graduate for an
unpaid communications internship working closely with the press team on a
variety of tasks. Duties will include drafting and posting Committee web content
and social media, basic photography, drafting press releases and statements, press
list maintenance, compiling and distributing daily press clips, media monitoring,
and other communications and administrative tasks as assigned.
Communications, journalism, public relations, public affairs, or political science
majors and recent graduates preferred. Prior communications intern experience a
plus.
Please send a resume, brief cover letter, and one short writing sample to
carlos.murillo@mail.house.gov”

MEM-098-19

The Republican staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for spring 2019 Interns. The dates of the internship will be March 1,
2019 through May 31, 2019. We are seeking individuals who are dependable,
politically conservative, professional, and who have a strong work ethic and
positive attitude. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support
by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional
and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. These materials should be in PDF format. Please
visit republicans-budget.house.gov for the application and more information.

MEM-094-19

The office of Congressman John Sarbanes (D-Md.) seeks a highly motivated,
personable and professional legislative intern for the Summer 2019 session.
Tasks include answering the phones, handling incoming and outgoing mail,
addressing constituent concerns, attending briefings and supporting legislative
staff as needed. Serving as an intern in a Congressional office is an exciting
opportunity! Our interns are provided with first hand experiences and gain
invaluable insight into the legislative process, the importance of casework and the
value of constituent and community outreach.

Page 4 of 15

Preferred candidates are current students or recent graduates with strong writing
skills, who pay close attention to detail, media relations experience and digital
media expertise. Successful candidates would spend 25-40 hours per week
interning in the DC office. Maryland ties a plus.
To apply, please send a cover letter, a resume, list of references and availability to
employment@mail.house.gov. If you have further questions, please call the
Intern Coordinator at (202) 225-4016.
MEM-093-19

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff are seeking
motivated and reliable digital interns to fill positions in the spring, summer, and
fall. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, content creation,
website maintenance, analytics, photography, videography, and performing other
press and administrative tasks as necessary. Successful candidates will possess
skills in Adobe programs (Photoshop, Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro,
Audition, and After Effects), CMS, CSS, HTML, manual photography, analytics,
and an ability to work in a fast-paced, rapid response environment. Candidates of
all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. To apply, please fill out all the fields in
the following form with “Digital” as the internship type :
https://oversight.house.gov/about/internships-and-fellowships.

MEM-091-19

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Majority Staff seek detailoriented students or recent graduates with a passion for communications to fill
press intern positions in the spring, summer, and fall. The ideal candidate should
be a strong writer, team player, and able to multi-task in a fast-paced
environment. This position reports to the deputy press secretary and broader
communications team. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please fill out all the fields in the following form with “Press” as the
internship type: https://oversight.house.gov/about/internships-and-fellowships.

MEM-089-19

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic professionals for legislative and press internships
in Washington, DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills,
the ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and
demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office, greeting
constituents and visitors, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with
research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation,

Page 5 of 15

drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, and other duties as
necessary.
For Press Interns:
Intern would support Communications Director by drafting written materials such
as press releases, creating graphics for social media, tracking media coverage,
and assisting with media inquiries and research. Successful candidates will have
an interest in politics, communications, and new media, with excellent written
communication skills.
If you are interested in a press internship, please include a short writing sample
with your application.
Full-time and part-time internship positions are available beginning in May,
2019. To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to
Ryan.Casman@mail.house.gov with the phrase “Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please indicate expected start and end dates as well as hours
available to work in your cover letter.

MEM-088-19

The Republican staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for spring 2019 Interns. The dates of the internship will be March 1,
2019 through May 31, 2019. We are seeking individuals who are dependable,
politically conservative, professional, and who have a strong work ethic and
positive attitude. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support
by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional
and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. These materials should be in PDF format. Please
visit republicans-budget.house.gov for the application and more information.

MEM-087-19

The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate-level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for a
paid internship. Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the
opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a
congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day administrative operations
of the House of Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee
staff with official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting
Page 6 of 15

with phone inquiries and providing support to all Committee staff. Background in
science is a plus. To apply, please send your resume and cover letter to
house.science.committee@mail.house.gov
MEM-086-19

Congressman Dwight Evans (PA-03) is seeking highly motivated interns for
Summer 2019. Strong communication skills required. Must be dependable and a
team player. Duties include answering constituent phone calls and inquiries,
attending congressional briefings and hearings, conducting research for
legislative staff, compiling press clips for the communications team, and leading
Capitol tours. Interns will gain valuable professional experience and inside
knowledge of the legislative process on Capitol Hill.
Minorities, women, and LGBTQ persons are encouraged to apply. Philadelphia
or Pennsylvania ties preferred but not required. Qualified candidates should send
a resume and cover letter to Chandler.Mason@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Summer 2019 Internship.”

MEM-080-19

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton is currently accepting
applications for our internship program. Potential candidates should be
interested in gaining congressional work experience in Congresswoman Norton’s
Capitol Hill Office and must be able to work full or close to full time.
Responsibilities of congressional interns include, but are not limited to,
answering telephones, opening and sorting mail, giving Capitol tours to
constituents, tracking legislation, attending community events, assisting with
constituent casework, coordinating press-related activities, attending hearings,
and preparing constituent correspondence. These tasks give interns valuable,
direct interaction with the inner workings of Capitol Hill and the legislative
process.
If you would like to be considered for an internship in Congresswoman Norton's
office, please submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to
Marquis.Woods@mail.house.gov , with "Norton Internship" in the subject line of
the email.

MEM-075-19

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology is
currently accepting applications for full-time interns for Spring 2019. Interns are
asked to work with staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups, and
will work on substantive research and oversight projects in addition to press
matters. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess strong oral and written
communication skills, be able to multitask, and work well in a fast-paced
environment. Interested applicants should apply at the following link:

Page 7 of 15

http://democrats.science.house.gov/internships
No calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-074-19

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Summer 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties
are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please. Applications
must be received by COB March 1st. To apply, email a single PDF including
your resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and cover letter listing your availability to
FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-073-19

“The office of Congressman Jim Costa (D-CA) is currently seeking an unpaid
Intern for the Spring Semester. This is an excellent opportunity for college
students or recent graduates who want Hill experience. Interns will be expected to
assist legislative staff, while also performing administrative tasks such as
answering phones, sorting mail, etc. Individuals who are motivated dependable,
and have good communication skills are encouraged to apply. Potential schedules
may be determined upon interview, but a minimum commitment of 32 hours per
week is requested; the position will begin on March
8th.
Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, and responsible, possess the
ability to multi-task and a good sense of humor is always a plus. California ties
are preferred but not required. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to
apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Please send your resume, cover letter, a writing sample (no more than 3 pages),
and your dates of availability to californiamoderate@gmail.com. “

MEM-071-19

The House Democratic Caucus is seeking a full-time press intern to begin
immediately. Successful applicants will be energetic, highly motivated and have a
demonstrated interest in press and political communications. Interns will be
directly engaged with Caucus press work and will perform a variety of essential
duties. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting with press clips,
building out press contact lists, drafting media advisories and press releases,
transcribing interviews and supporting other team projects as necessary.
Applicants should be self-starters, motivated, detail-oriented, possess excellent
verbal and written communication skills and be able to problem solve and
Page 8 of 15

multitask. Proficiency in Spanish is a plus as well as experience in press
operations and the congressional process.
Eligibility: All undergraduate-level students as well as recent graduates are
eligible to apply.
Application Requirements:
·Resume
·Cover Letter
·2 writing samples (approximately 1-2 pages)
Deadlines: Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.
Please send completed application materials via e-mail to:
CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov
MEM-068-19

The Republican staff of the House Budget Committee is currently accepting
applications for spring 2019 Interns. The dates of the internship will be March 1,
2019 through May 31, 2019. We are seeking individuals who are dependable,
politically conservative, professional, and who have a strong work ethic and
positive attitude. As an intern with the Committee, you will provide vital support
by assisting staff in assignments that include, but not limited to: compiling daily
budget news clips, sorting and processing mail, answering phone calls,
assembling reference material, administrative support, and special policy based
projects. Full and part-time positions are available. College students pursuing a
Political Science and/or Economics degree, or those interested in government are
encouraged to apply. Course credit may be available through your school.
Applicants should email their resume, cover letter, 2 references (1 professional
and 1 academic), one page writing sample, and completed application to
budget.interns@mail.house.gov. These materials should be in PDF format. Please
visit republicans-budget.house.gov for the application and more information.

MEM-063-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman John Rose (TN-6) is currently
seeking candidates for full-time or part-time internships. Interns will learn about
the legislative process from a knowledgeable and dedicated legislative team.
Intern responsibilities include conducting Capitol tours, answering phones,
assisting staff with legislative research projects, and attending congressional
committee hearings. Interns can also expect to be assigned special projects as
directed by senior staff. Tennessee ties are preferred. Please send your resume,
and cover letter to Zachary.Colona@mail.house.gov.

Page 9 of 15

MEM-023-19

The office of Congressman Pete Stauber MN-08 is seeking qualified intern
applicants for both Spring and Summer of 2019. Interns will assist the legislative
and administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Full time interns are
preferred but we will accept applicants that wish to work part-time as well.
Minnesota ties are preferred but not required to apply. If you are interested send a
1 page cover letter and resume to sam.kaardal@mail.house.gov with
“Spring/Summer Internship Application” as the subject. If you would like to learn
more about Congressman Stauber you can visit his website.

MEM-021-19

The Office of Congressman Matt Gaetz (R-FL) is seeking interns for the spring
semester in Washington, DC office. Although all internships in all offices are
unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. Our interns' responsibilities are
varied but substantive. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation
for the Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, run errands,
and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. Congressman
Gaetz serves on the Armed Services Committee, Judiciary Committee, and the
Budget Committee. Interns will be able to get a broad perspective of these issue
areas and the federal government in action. As a result, interns learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session. Students will leave the internship with a greater
understanding of how a Congressional office works, how constituent
relationships are forged and maintained, and how the legislative process works.
Students should be highly motivated, ready to learn, and eager to work in a fastpaced environment. Please apply by emailing your resume and a cover letter to
alexis.dejarnette@mail.house.gov

Page 10 of 15

MEM-010-19

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) is seeking Full time or Part Time interns for
Summer 2019 in Washington, D.C. Interns will assist the legislative and
administrative staff, attending briefings, answering phones, coordinating and
conducting tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing
legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. District and Florida ties
are encouraged but not required. No phone calls or drop ins, please. Applications
must be received by COB March 1st. To apply, email a single PDF including
your resume, 1-2 page writing sample, and cover letter listing your availability to
FL13.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-008-19

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is
seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming spring
semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and
communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases,
answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability
to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political
process and congressional affairs. Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of
availability to PA13.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “ Your Name – DC Internship
Application” OR “ Your Name – DISTRICT Internship Application” in the
subject line. Please note which office you will be applying with in the subject
line.

MEM-001-19

Rep.-elect Antonio Delgado (NY-19) is seeking applicants for a full-time press
internship for Winter/Spring 2019. Applicants will ideally be available to work
from 8:30 am - 4:30 pm Monday-Friday. Responsibilities will include tracking
press coverage, monitoring and drafting social media content, updating and
maintaining press contact lists, writing press releases, and other research duties as
needed. New York ties are a plus. Please send your resume and cover letter with
the subject line "Press Internship" to pressresumesny19@gmail.com as soon as
possible, but no later than close of business on Tuesday, January 8th.

MEM-514-18

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks
a Communications Intern to assist with the Committee’s press operations.
Additionally, this intern will be critical to the daily operation of the office and
assist with standard administrative duties. The ideal candidate will be detailoriented, creative, able to work under tight deadlines, reliable, and have excellent

Page 11 of 15

writing and communications skills. Familiarity with social media is strongly
desired.
This is a paid, full-time position. Please send resume, cover letter, and writing
sample to sstdeminterns@mail.house.gov with “Communications Intern” in the
subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-359-18

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is currently
seeking undergraduate and graduate interns and fellows for the Spring of 2019.
Specifically, we are seeking general undergraduate interns, graduate and legal
interns and fellows for the education policy team and graduate and legal interns
and fellows for the labor policy team. Interns perform a variety of tasks that
support the staff in our legislative and media work. Legislative tasks may include,
but are not limited to: legislative research and fact checking; technical writing
including legislation, memos, and speeches; assisting staff in hearing and markup
preparation and execution; and attending other hearings, markups, briefings and
meetings for the purpose of informing staff and Members as they work to craft
legislation and policy proposals. Media tasks may include helping to organize and
staff Committee press conferences and assisting with the production of daily
news clips. Applicants should be able to start in January and commit through
April/May. Interested applicants should email their cover letter, resume and
internship applicant information form to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. If you
are applying for a graduate internship or fellowship, please include two short,
relevant writing samples in your application materials. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more information.
Applicants should aim to submit their materials by November 2, 2018.

MEM-316-18

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office in August. Candidates should be collegial,
professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong oral and
written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative. Duties
include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects,
writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are preferred. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter
and dates of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
Page 12 of 15

Page 13 of 15

Page 14 of 15

Page 15 of 15

