________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 11, 2022

MEM-350-22

The office of Rep. Rodney Davis is seeking fall 2022 interns for the DC office.
Motivated individuals should be eager to work and ready to help with various
projects around the office. Interns will have the opportunity to learn about
congress and our government throughout their time here.
To learn more and apply, follow the link to the
site: https://rodneydavis.house.gov/internship-application
or, email kevin.cheng@mail.house.gov your resume and cover letter.

MEM-349-22

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Fall 2022.
Qualified applicants should possess strong communication skills, be interested in
learning about the legislative process, and have a willingness to work in our fastpaced office.
Responsibilities would include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional
tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability
to intern.OH06@gmail.com.
Page 1 of 22

MEM-348-22

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-21) D.C. office seeks interns for the
upcoming Fall 2022 semester (September 6th- December 9th).
The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is
committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This
position demands the ability to multi-task, strong organizational skills and must
work cooperatively and courteously with others in a shared space.
Duties include: answering telephones, compiling daily press clips relevant to the
office’s priorities, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
administrative assistance to the D.C. staff.
Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties
a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF file.
Cover letter should detail reasons for applying to the position as well as
availability. A stipend will be given to accepted applicants.
Deadline to apply by is Friday, August 12, 2022, COB. A minimum of 25 hours
per week is required. All materials must be submitted
to Amaris.Graham@mail.house.gov

MEM-347-22

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office as soon as August 22nd.
Candidates should be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal
team players. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings,
answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest.
First-hand experience in Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office
provides interns with an unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the
development of public policy. Full-time candidates with California ties and
previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 2 of 22

Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates of availability
to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.
MEM-346-22

The Washington D.C. office of Congressman Matt Rosendale (MT-At Large) is
currently accepting applications for full-time, paid interns for the Fall internship
session.
Interns are involved in all aspects of the office including constituent services,
daily administrative operations, and legislative research. Interns are also
encouraged to attend hearings, briefings, lectures, and seminars available in
Congress and around the Hill.
Ideal candidates are conservative college students or recent college graduates
with strong communication and organizational skills. Students and recent
graduates interested in learning more about our country’s legislative process are
encouraged to apply. Montana ties are preferred but by no means required.
All interested applicants should e-mail their resume and cover letter to Alexandra
Schindewolf at alexandra.schindewolf@mail.house.gov with the subject line “
Fall 2022 Internship.” Please send all attachments as PDFs. The start date would
be as early as August 22th (with a flexible start and end date depending on
availability).

MEM-344-22

TITLE: Paid Communications Intern
REPORTS TO: Digital Director
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to assist with communications, performing research, and other office tasks.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•good oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•good organizational skills; and
•responsible, dependable and willing to learn.
•Experience with graphic design and photography is preferred but is not required.
DUTIES:
•drafts social media content;
•performs research (CRS, the Library of Congress, MIN, or other available
resources);
•writes and formats e-newsletters;
•assists in crafting press releases; and
•performs other duties as assigned by the supervisor.

Page 3 of 22

Please submit a cover letter, resume, and two references
to StevensInternshipsDC@mail.house.gov with the subject “MI 11
Communications Intern” to be considered for this position.
The preferred start date is anticipated to be between July 18th through July 25th.
The term of this position would be up to 12-weeks.
MEM-343-22

The Committee on Education and Labor (Minority Staff) is seeking August 2022
interns
This is a valuable opportunity to learn more about issues in the committee’s
jurisdiction and how a committee functions.
Qualified applicants should possess a positive attitude, strong communication
skills, and be able to work in a fast-paced office. Responsibilities include
attending briefings for the professional staff, assisting the staff at hearings and
markups, working in the front office, and providing administrative support to the
office.
The internship session will be held for the duration of August. This internship
will be paid and can be given academic credit.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Interested applicants should
email a resume and their availability to cate.dillon@mail.house.gov with the
subject line as “August Internship Application.”

MEM-342-22

The Committee on Education and Labor (Minority Staff) is seeking Fall 2022
interns
This is a valuable opportunity to learn more about issues in the committee’s
jurisdiction and how a committee functions.
Qualified applicants should possess a positive attitude, strong communication
skills, and be able to work in a fast-paced office. Responsibilities include
attending briefings for the professional staff, assisting the staff at hearings and
markups, working in the front office, and providing administrative support to the
office.
The internship session will be held from early August to mid December. This
internship will be paid and can be given academic credit.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Interested applicants should
email a resume and their availability to cate.dillon@mail.house.gov with the
subject line as “Fall 2022 Internship Application.”

Page 4 of 22

MEM-341-22

Congressman Jay Obernolte’s Washington, DC office is seeking full-time inperson interns for the Fall 2022 term.
The internship would begin in mid August and last until mid December. Specific
dates are tentative on the release of the official House calendar. The hours are
flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but generally run 9:00
a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when
not in session.
The ideal candidate will possess excellent written and communications skills,
have a demonstrated interest in public service and government, and be
dependable, self-motivated, and detail-oriented.
In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to
answer phones, research legislation for the member and legislative staff, attend
hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various issues before the
House. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office.
California ties are preferred but not required. The deadline to apply for the spring
session is August 1st.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to Ryan Keane
at CA08.internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-340-22

Fall Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Fall 2022. The internship is in-person and will run from
late August to early December. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Fall 2022 Internship” to Jerome.Vainisi1@mail.house.gov, or by applying
through our website via the following
link: https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships

Page 5 of 22

MEM-338-22

The office of Representative Kai Kahele (HI-02) is currently accepting
applications for Fall interns in both his Hilo, Hawaiʻi and D.C. offices from
September to November 2022.
Hawaiʻi District Office interns will be asked to answer phones, sort mail, research
legislation and stakeholder meetings, assist staff with constituent casework and
outreach activities and perform administrative work as assigned. As a result,
interns will have the opportunity to learn about constituent services and the
functions of a congressional district office.
D.C. Office interns will be asked to answer phones, research legislation, attend
virtual hearings and briefings and draft memos for the Congressman and
legislative staff. As a result, interns will have the opportunity to learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional D.C. office.
Ideal candidates should possess excellent communication skills, a strong attention
to detail and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment. We highly
encourage college students and recent graduates to apply. Students in high school
are eligible to apply for our Fall term. Hawai‘i ties are strongly preferred, but not
required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, people of color, LGBTQIA+, unhoused people, and
members of other marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should apply on the Congressman’s website
at https://kahele.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-336-22

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergrad students and recent graduates for legislative interns for the
Fall 2022 session.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings. In addition,
interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well
as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fastpaced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a
Page 6 of 22

sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time
candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Interns will receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s
assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In your
cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes.
Please put “Fall 2022 Legislative Intern Application” in the subject line.
The deadline for applications is July 22, 2022. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-335-22

“Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship paid internship for the Fall of 2022 in the
Washington, D.C. office.
We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the
legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties. Such duties include
attending briefings, answering phones, drafting constituent correspondence
letters, performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks.
Nevada ties are encouraged but not required. The ideal candidate will be available
from late August through December and can work from 9am – 6pm ET when
Congress is in session and from 9am – 5pm ET when Congress is not in session.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume and cover letter
to Lizzie.Brown@mail.house.gov with the subject “First Name Last Name Fall
Internship Application” Applications will be accepted until Friday July 22nd.”

MEM-334-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for fall 2022. This is a hybrid position— hours are worked remotely and
in-person. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastPage 7 of 22

paced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible
with Interns will working for approximately 10-16 weeks (August – November).
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.
MEM-332-22

Representative Mary Gay Scanlon (PA-05) Paid Fall Legislative Internship
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting constituent correspondence
•Researching various legislative issues and writing policy memos for the
Congresswoman
•Attending briefings, hearings, and markups and drafting related memoranda
•Responding to constituent mail and answering office phones
Ideal applicants will be motivated team players with strong written and oral
communication skills and have a demonstrated interest in government and public
service. A strong work ethic, the ability to excel in fast-paced environments, and
a willingness to assist wherever needed are must-have qualities.

Page 8 of 22

To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, one short writing sample, and two
references to Emily.Kastenberg@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Fall
Legislative Internship, NAME” by July 25th, 2022. Please include availability in
the cover letter and compile all application materials into one PDF document.
MEM-331-22

Congressman Moulton is seeking hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to public service for an internship in his Salem office and
Washington D.C. office in Summer 2022. During the COVID-19 pandemic,
interns may work remotely.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, recent college
graduates, students currently enrolled in graduate school. Under very rare
circumstances the office will also host high school students.
RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail
•Conducting tours of the Capitol for constituents, COVID-19 permitting
•Drafting form letters and cosponsor requests for the Congressman
•Assembling press and news clips
•Performing a variety of other duties as assigned, such as conducting legislative
research
APPLICATIONS
Please apply through the internship portal at moulton.house.gov, under the
‘Services’ tab. If you have trouble accessing the application form, please
email grace.curtiss@mail.house.gov.
You will need a cover letter and resume to apply, in addition to filling out the
online application. If you are selected for an interview, a staff member will
contact you. The application deadline is August 3, 2022 at midnight.

MEM-330-22

Team Moulton is seeking exceptional students interested in foreign policy and
national security to participate in the Fern Holland International Affairs
Fellowship Program.
This is a full-time, paid foreign policy fellowship for Summer 2022. This
opportunity is based on financial need and is only open to candidates who are
Pell-grant eligible. The fellowship is in our Washington, D.C. office. Current
undergraduate students, recent college graduates, and students currently enrolled
in graduate school are eligible.
Team Moulton is looking for hard-working individuals who are passionate,
driven, and committed to strengthening our democracy. This fully-funded
fellowship covers the cost of housing, transportation, and food with a stipend.
Page 9 of 22

Women, People of Color, and members of other underrepresented communities
are especially encouraged to apply.
This fellowship offers an in-depth look into a career of service to our nation.
Fellows will be expected to perform rigorous research, advise senior staff and the
Congressman on important issues, and craft policies in international affairs and
national security, in addition to some regularly assigned intern responsibilities.
To apply, please fill out the internship application form at moulton.house.gov
under the ‘Services’ tab and attach a cover letter and resume.
If selected, you will be required to submit a FAFSA form. We are accepting
applications for Fall 2022 through August 3, 2022. Feel free to call our office
with any questions you may have at (202) 225-8020 or email our internship
coordinator, Grace Curtiss (grace.curtiss@mail.house.gov).
MEM-328-22

The House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, Civilian
Security, Migration and International Economic Policy – chaired by
Congressman Albio Sires (D-NJ) – is seeking a full-time intern for Fall 2022.
The legislative intern will work closely with subcommittee staff while learning
the inner workings of Congress and the legislative process. Successful candidates
will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detail-oriented, with strong
writing and communication skills and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced work
environment.
The internship is a hybrid or remote position beginning in late August 2022.
Undergraduate or graduate school students and recent alumni interested in foreign
affairs and Latin America and Caribbean policy are encouraged to apply.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: providing administrative and
research support to staff, assisting with subcommittee hearings and briefings,
attending virtual events and writing memorandum for staff, among other
administrative and research assignments. Spanish, French, Haitian Creole, or
Portuguese proficiency preferred but not required.
Qualified applicants should send a one-page resume and one-page cover letter
to WHEMjobs@gmail.com by Wednesday, July 20th with the subject line “Fall
2022 Internship Application.” Minorities, women, first- and second-generation
immigrants, LGBTQIA+ individuals and those with disabilities are strongly
encouraged to apply. Please be sure to include your preferred start and end date.
No calls or drop-ins.

MEM-327-22

The Office of Congressman Paul Tonko is seeking fall interns in its Albany,
Schenectady, and DC offices.

Page 10 of 22

Interns will learn from staff to serve the constituents of New York’s 20th
Congressional district. Our goal is to invest in the next generation of public
leaders by providing each intern with a meaningful experience that will enhance
their understanding of policy and congressional matters. The 2022 Fall Internship
Program will run between September and December, and flexible start and end
dates will be considered. This program is aimed towards current undergraduate
students and recent graduates.
Overall intern responsibilities may include:
•Attending hearings, briefings, meetings and drafting memos on the matter for
legislative staff
•Researching legislation and policy issues
•Offering front-line constituent services; answering phones, drafting written
responses to constituents, assessing mail appropriately, and engaging with
constituents
•Option to assist the Communications Team in drafting press clips, social media
content, and press releases
•Opportunity to take part in congressional outreach
•Participate in hands-on constituent casework
•Any additional opportunities that may arise within the context of a congressional
office
Interns are compensated with a maximum stipend of $6,000 and are able to work
on a full-time or part-time basis. Interns in the Washington, DC office are also
eligible for a monthly transit benefit towards the Metro and Metrobus. The
deadline to apply is Friday, July 22, 2022, and selected applicants will be
contacted for an interview in the following weeks by the respective office. Please
note that a response is not likely beforehand.
To be considered for an internship, please send your resume, cover letter, and
writing sample that speaks to social activism, a passionate policy interest, or a
historic or current political event, to NY20internship@mail.house.gov with your
office of interest (Albany, Schenectady, or DC) in the subject line. * Applicants
are requested to only apply to one office of interest. *
We strongly encourage individuals with ties to New York and those from
traditionally underrepresented backgrounds to apply. Rep. Tonko’s office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age,
or protected veteran status.
MEM-324-22

Congresswoman Barragán takes pride in offering internship opportunities in
both her San Pedro, California and Washington, DC offices on a rolling basis.
Internships are open to current undergraduate and graduate students, and recent
college graduates.
Page 11 of 22

Intern responsibilities vary day-to-day but typically include:
•Interacting with constituents,
•Conducting legislative research,
•Attending community events,
•Attending committee hearings,
•Preparing memos,
•Drafting correspondence,
•Writing press clips,
•Administrative work as assigned,
•And additional support as needed.
Interns in the Washington, DC office are assigned to a legislative staffer based on
stated area(s) of interest. Please include your areas of policy interest in your cover
letter.
Congresswoman Barragán reserves one intern position in the Washington, DC
office each session for a Press Intern. The Press Intern works closely with the
Congresswoman’s Communications and Media team to complete tasks such as
compiling daily press clips, preparing background research on media requests,
drafting media advisories and press releases, and other responsibilities as
required.
Typical hours for all internships are Monday through Friday from 9:00 am to
5:00 pm, although hours may be flexible to accommodate students’ hectic course
schedules. Stipends will be offered to eligible interns.
Summer Session: now through September | San Pedro only; Rolling Applications
Accepted
Fall Session: September through December │ Deadline to apply: July 30th
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and dates of availability
to CA44.internships@mail.house.gov. Please specify in the subject line of the
email: the session you are applying for, whether you are applying for an
internship in the San Pedro or Washington, DC office, and if you are applying for
the Press Internship.
Applications received after the deadline will be considered depending on
availability.
If you have any questions or concerns, please
email CA44.internships@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
Page 12 of 22

identification, family status, or military status. Minorites and those of
traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Preference will be given to applicants with ties to the District and Californian
residents, but all are welcome and encouraged to apply. Being bilingual in
Spanish is also a plus.
MEM-323-22

“Representative Kat Cammack (FL-03) seeks applicants for a full-time paid
internship for Fall 2022 (Internship would run from August – December 2022)
in her Washington DC office.
Intern responsibilities are, but are not limited to, answering phones, logging
constituent concerns, running errands in the Capitol, and aiding various staff in
the Member’s office. Ideal candidates will be quick learners that have initiative, a
strong work ethic, strong communication skills, a positive attitude, and are
timely. Undergraduate and recent college graduates are preferred. Academic
credit is available for qualifying students. Internships are in-person and will
require candidates to move to Washington, D.C. for the duration of the internship.
Interested candidates should email with “Washington D.C. Intern Fall 2022” in
the subject line, their resume, cover letter, two references, and social media
handles to FL03.Internships@mail.house.gov (No drop-ins or phone calls).
The Deadline to apply is July 31st, 2022”

MEM-321-22

The office of Congressman Josh Harder (CA-10) is currently accepting
applications for paid fall internships which will run from the beginning of
September through end of December.
Our hands-on legislative internship program offers highly motivated
undergraduates and recent graduates the opportunity to gain real-world
experience in government and politics. Over the course of their service, interns
will gain a deeper knowledge of the federal government and strengthen their
communications, writing, problem-solving, and time-management skills.
Responsibilities will vary but may include:
•Communicating with constituents through mail, email, and over the phone
•Conducting research to be used for floor speeches, memos, committee hearings,
and other legislative business
•Monitoring press coverage, current events, and House business
•Attending briefings and hearings
•Greeting office visitors and giving tours of the Capitol
•Administrative tasks as assigned
To apply for an internship with the Office of Congressman Josh Harder, send
your resume, cover letter, and a 1-2 page writing sample as a single PDF
Page 13 of 22

to Archibald.Fraser@mail.house.gov. The deadline for applying is end of day
Sunday, July 17, 2022. Central Valley ties are preferred, but not required.
Please include the days and times you will be available to intern, your desired
start date, and any requirements your school has in order for you to receive credit
in your cover letter. At the moment, this internship will likely be hybrid
remote/in-person. Please format the subject line of your email “DC Internship First Name Last Name - Fall.”
All individuals are encouraged to apply. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-320-22

Republican Congressman Pat Fallon (TX-04) currently seeks full-time interns in
his Washington D.C. office for the Fall 2022 semester. Current college students
and recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Intern responsibilities will include answering and logging constituent phone calls,
drafting correspondence, and assisting staff with legislative research and
administrative duties.
The ideal candidate should be interested in public policy, politics, and
government and is willing to learn more about the legislative process to serve the
constituents of Texas’s 4th Congressional District. Candidates with strong writing
and communication skills are encouraged to apply and must be ready to work in a
rapid environment. Texas ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, please send your resume, cover letter, and a writing sample
to randy.mai1@mail.house.gov.

MEM-317-22

“The Washington D.C. Office of Congressman Andrew Clyde (GA-09) is
currently accepting applications for full and part-time interns for the Fall 2022
internship cohort.
Although all internships in the DC office are unpaid, students gain invaluable
work experience. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course
schedules, but generally run 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when Congress is in session,
and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session.
In Washington, DC, interns' responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to
answer phones, research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attend
hearings and briefings, write constituent letters on various issues before the
House, greet visitors and constituents to the office, and give guests tours of the
US Capitol. As a result, interns will leave with a firm grasp of the legislative
process, the inner workings of Congress, and strong research and writing skills.

Page 14 of 22

To Apply: Please fill out the internship application form on our website
at https://clyde.house.gov/forms/internships/ AND email a resume and cover
letter to chase.starr@mail.house.gov with subject line "Fall 2022 Internship
Application”
MEM-316-22

The Office of Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) is seeking Fall interns for inperson/hybrid positions.
Responsibilities will include communicating with constituents, generating
engaging content for the Member’s official social pages (including Facebook,
Twitter, and Instagram), designing graphics, conducting legislative research,
preparing policy memos for both the Member and legislative staff, drafting
constituent letters, and potentially guiding U.S. Capitol tours.
Additional responsibilities – such as creating short video clips or pitching
legislative initiatives – are considered based on collaborative goal-setting
conversations between interns and their supervisors at the beginning of the
internship.
This is a unique opportunity to gain both legislative and communications
experience in a supportive, collaborative, and enriching environment. Ideal
applicants will be skilled communicators who are kind, curious, and enthusiastic.
In addition, experience with conducting research, as well as a background in
iMovie, the Adobe creative suite, and TweetDeck, will also be evaluated.
All interns are paid $15.00 per hour for a maximum of 30 hours a week. The
Office of Rep. Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion, national
origin, age, or socio-economic status. All are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send a resume, a short writing sample (no more than 2-pages),
2 sample tweets on a current event, a sample graphic (optional) and availability
to ca17operations@mail.house.gov no later than Thursday, July 14th.

MEM-315-22

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Government Operations, is seeking an energetic and selfmotivated graduate student for a full-time internship for Fall 2022.
The position offers the opportunity to gain substantive experience on an exciting
and fast-paced Subcommittee, while participating directly in the oversight
process and learning about the day-to-day operations of the House of
Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting staff in preparing for
congressional hearings, writing floor speeches, conducting legal and factual
research, drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Page 15 of 22

Executive Branch and private sector officials. Interns play a key role in the office
and will work closely with Committee counsel and staff.
Background: The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to
investigate any matter at any time. The Subcommittee on Government Operations
has jurisdiction over issues related to the federal civil service, whistleblower
protections, the U.S. Postal Service; government management and accounting
measures; the economy, efficiency, and management of government operations
and activities; government reorganization; intergovernmental affairs, including
state and local governments; federal information technology security, acquisition
policy, and management; and federal property.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a
desire to learn. They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Applicants should be willing to be in the office full time.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing their
resume and cover letter in one PDF titled “last name, first name, Fall 2022
GovOps” to GovOpsSubcommittee@gmail.com with “Fall 2022 Internship
Application” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please. Only
applicants who are selected for an interview will receive a response.
MEM-313-22

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Fall 2022.
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
*Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
*Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 16 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
Page 16 of 22

to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District. The deadline to submit applications is July 27, 2022 at
11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-307-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Grace Napolitano (CA-32) is
seeking paid full-time and part-time interns for the Fall 2022 semester.
Responsibilities will include but are not limited to: answering and logging
constituent calls, drafting constituent correspondence on various issues, attending
legislative briefings and hearings for staff, sorting and distributing mail, and
completing other administrative work as needed.
Ideal candidates possess strong organizational, communication, and writing
skills, as well as the ability to work well in a team environment and manage
multiple tasks. A positive attitude and interest in public policy and politics are
required. California ties are preferred but not required, and academic credit is
available for qualifying applicants.
To apply, please submit your resume and cover letter
to Adriana.Rivera@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2022 Internship” in the subject
line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the last week of
August.

MEM-304-22

Rep. Katie Porter (CA-45) seeks highly motivated interns for her DC office fall
internship program. The ideal candidate is highly organized, able to multitask,
and has strong written and verbal communication skills.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answer incoming phone calls to log opinions, connect staffers to outside
stakeholders, and direct callers to appropriate resources
•Enter and organize incoming constituent messages from mail and voicemail into
the IQ database
•Draft form letters responding to constituent concerns
•Respond to constituent messages through phone calls or emails as needed
•Assist legislative team with researching data and information
Page 17 of 22

•Compile draft meeting memos for the legislative staff
•Track and input legislative meetings with partners, stakeholders, and
constituents, in IQ.
•Perform other duties as assigned by the DC Staff Assistant
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.
Interns are expected in the office from 9 am to 6 pm, however hours are flexible
based on a student’s course schedule. All interns receive a monthly stipend.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and two references
to CA45.Internship@mail.house.gov with “Fall 2022 DC Internship” in the
subject line. The deadline for submission is Friday, July 15th.
MEM-302-22

PRESS INTERNSHIP: The office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA06) is accepting applications for a Fall 2022 press intern in our Washington, D.C.
office. This internship will run from late August through mid-December.
We offer needs-based stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our
internship program has returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have experience in a
faced-paced, deadline-oriented work environment. Applicants must be
independent problem-solvers, have strong writing skills, and be comfortable
communicating to both internal and external audiences. Technical experience
with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign, Illustrator), photo editing programs
(Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software (Premiere, Headliner) a major
plus.
Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips,
helping draft copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital content.
Press interns will have the opportunity to staff the congresswoman to capture
videos and photos of events. We offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up
close and from the inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience are a
plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and
why you’re interested in interning in our office, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one
example of digital work (video, graphic or photo)
to PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
Page 18 of 22

members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-301-22

LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP: The office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan
(D-PA-06) is accepting applications for Fall 2022 legislative interns in our West
Chester, Reading, and Washington, D.C. offices. This internship will run from
late August through mid-December.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer needs-based
stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our internship program has
returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a
passion for community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing
to spend a lot of time on the phone, and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting
memos for our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or
meetings. We offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the
inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06
are also a plus.
Please submit applications via the following form our
website: https://houlahan.house.gov/services/internships.htm
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-299-22

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the Fall internship session.
The start date would be as early as August 15th (with a flexible start and end date
depending on availability). Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and
have access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.

Page 19 of 22

Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to JeffVanDrewNJ@gmail.com. Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re
applying for a spring internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume],
[Full Name_Cover Letter].
MEM-297-22

The Washington, D.C. Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair
of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is seeking full-time and part-time paid
interns for the Fall 2022 term.
Interns will work primarily with D.C.-based staff performing legislative and
administrative work. Tasks include answering phones, sorting and drafting
responses to constituent correspondence, attending briefings/hearings, performing
legislative research, and supporting staff members on various projects. Ideal
candidates should be professional and possess excellent communication skills, a
strong attention to detail, and a commitment to public service and progressive
values. All interns will be paid $15/hr unless funded by an outside organization.
The Office of Representative Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus but not required.
Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, short writing sample,
three references, and availability to Diego.Sanchez@mail.house.gov with the
subject “First Name.Last Name Internship Application.” Applications will be
accepted until Friday, July 22nd. Incomplete or late applications will not be
accepted.

MEM-296-22

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full and part-time interns for the Fall internship session.
The start date would be as early as August 15th (with a flexible start and end date
depending on availability). Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and
have access to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
Page 20 of 22

If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to JeffVanDrewNJ@gmail.com. Please indicate in your cover letter that you’re
applying for a spring internship and format the files as [Full Name_Resume],
[Full Name_Cover Letter].
MEM-288-22

Fall Intern – Congressman Chris Pappas (NH-01)
The Washington, D.C. and district offices of Congressman Chris Pappas are
currently accepting applications for the Spring internship program which will run
from September to December 2022. This is an in-person internship with academic
credit and stipend opportunities. Applications for full and part-time positions will
be considered.
Serving as an intern on our team is an exciting opportunity to work closely
alongside staff and develop professional skills in a Congressional office setting.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work
cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written
communications skills.
To apply for an internship, please submit your resume, cover letter, and one short
writing sample (no longer than two pages)
to Pappas.Internships@mail.house.gov with “[Last Name] [Location: DC or
District] Internship Application – Spring 2022” in the subject line by 11:59pm,
Tuesday, July 12, 2022. In your email, please also specify your dates of
availability.
For more information visit https://pappas.house.gov/services/internships

MEM-285-22

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for the Fall 2022 semester.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, (including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing

Page 21 of 22

sample) to https://cartwright.house.gov/services/internships.htm. No phone calls
or drop-ins please.

Page 22 of 22

