________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 22, 2014

MEM-412-14

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Spring 2015. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. California residents or strong ties to San Diego are
preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to
ca52internships@gmail.com with “Spring Congressional Internship” in the
subject line.

MEM-411-14

The majority staff of the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
looking for undergraduate and/or graduate interns for Spring 2015 under. Interns
will have the responsibilities of providing legislative, general administrative
support, answering phones, and other duties as assigned. Interns will be given
opportunities to engage in substantive work, attend hearings and educational
briefings, and will in all regards be treated as an integral member of the full-time
staff. Spring Internships typically run from the beginning of January through the
middle of May. Specific dates will be determined with each intern based on their
Page 1 of 12

individual schedules. Interns will be assigned to assist the full committee in the
front office or with one of our subcommittees (Oversight, Energy, Environment,
Research & Technology, and Space). Interns are preferred to work full time,
however schedules are worked out on an individual basis. Previous Capitol Hill
experience preferred but not required. This is a paid internship. Those interested
in an internship opportunity for Spring 2015 are encouraged to submit a resume
listing two references and a cover letter to HouseScienceOpenings@gmail.com.
No telephone calls, faxes, or drop-ins, please.
MEM-410-14

House Judiciary Committee press office seeks motivated, detail-oriented and
highly energetic full-time (20+ hours a week) press intern. Duties include
compiling daily news clips, issue tracking and research, drafting media releases
and other communications materials, maintaining press contact lists, special event
support, and conceptualizing social media content. A background in journalism or
communications and special skills such as photography, video editing and
graphic design a plus, but not required. Undergraduate and graduate students, as
well as recent graduates, are encouraged to apply. Michigan ties are a plus. Start
and end dates are flexible. This internship is unpaid, but the office will
accommodate applicants seeking to earn academic credit. Please submit a one
page resume, a short writing sample, and a cover letter that includes date and
hours of availability to HouseJudiciaryDems@gmail.com.

MEM-408-14

Internships are currently available in Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren’s (CA-19)
Washington, D.C. office for the 2014 Winter Semester. Congresswoman Lofgren
represents California’s 19th Congressional District, which lies in the heart of
California’s “Silicon Valley”.
Interns have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a busy
Congressional office and gain invaluable work experience. This is an excellent
opportunity for those interested in the legislative process. Interns’ responsibilities
will vary—in addition to answering phones and running errands around the
Capitol, interns will have the opportunity to attend hearings and briefings,
research legislation for legislative staff, and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent writing and analytical skills, a
demonstrated work ethic, and ability to function in a fast-paced environment. A
successful candidate will be motivated, able to multitask, and have the ability to
work well under pressure. Full-time and part-time internship positions are
available beginning January 5, 2014. Part-time interns must work at least three
full days a week. Internships are unpaid. California-19 and/or California ties are
preferred but not required. Interested applicants should apply through
http://lofgren.house.gov/. Please cite Brad Traverse as source of this lead.

MEM-407-14

Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is currently seeking a full-time intern to
start the first week of January with a flexible end date. Ideal candidates have
excellent writing and research skills, a positive attitude, and a willingness to
Page 2 of 12

complete tasks as assigned. Intern responsibilities include researching and writing
Congressional correspondence, helping constituents find information and fielding
constituent phone calls. This internship also provides the opportunity to work
closely with staff members and assist in various projects. Washington ties are
preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume, cover letter
and two references to: taylor.paquette@mail.house.gov. Please include “WA-02
Internship” in the subject line.
MEM-405-14

Our Washington interns will be exposed to a wide range of activities on Capitol
Hill. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation for the Member
and legislative staff, attends hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters
on various issues before the House. Interns will need to be able to communicate
professionally, balance multiple tasks at once, and have a teachable attitude. As a
result, interns will learn about the legislative process, the various functions of a
Congressional office, and the way things work on Capitol Hill. It is an invaluable
opportunity for both educational and professional development.

MEM-404-14

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office from January through April. Candidates should
be collegial, professional, quick learners, and phenomenal team players. Strong
oral and written communication skills and close attention to detail are imperative.
Duties include assisting staff with legislative, administrative, and press related
projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings,
answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag requests.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an unpaid internship. Please e-mail a
resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-403-14

The Office of Congresswoman Chellie Pingree (ME-01) is seeking a full- or parttime intern for our Washington, D.C. office for the spring semester (JanuaryMay 2015). Qualified candidates are well organized, have good oral and written
communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about the political
process and congressional affairs. The intern will assist in the day-to-day
operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting members of staff with
constituent communication, legislative research, and administrative activities.
Maine or New England ties are appreciated but not necessary. Applications will
be considered on a rolling basis. Interested candidates should send a resume and
cover letter detailing availability to our intern coordinator, Evan Johnston, at
evan.johnston@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-402-14

Representative Rick Larsen (WA-02) is currently seeking a full-time intern to
start the first week of January with a flexible end date. Ideal candidates have
excellent writing and research skills, a positive attitude, and a willingness to
complete tasks as assigned. Intern responsibilities include researching and writing
Congressional correspondence, helping constituents find information and fielding
Page 3 of 12

constituent phone calls. This internship also provides the opportunity to work
closely with staff members and assist in various projects. Washington ties are
highly-preferred, but are not required. If interested, please send a resume, cover
letter and two references to: taylor.paquette@mail.house.gov. Please include
“WA-02 Internship” in the subject line.
MEM-399-14

The Office of Congressman Gene Green (TX-29) is currently seeking a full-time
intern for our Washington, D.C. office for the spring session (January-May
2015). Qualified candidates are well organized, with good oral and written
communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about the political
process and congressional affairs. Duties include but are not limited to, answering
phones, compiling briefing binders, performing legislative research, assisting in
press work, and attending briefings. This opportunity offers a great opportunity to
see the inner workings of a congressional office from a senior member.
Applicants must be detail oriented with a strong work ethic and an eagerness to
represent the 29th district of Texas. Also, an intern with Texas ties and Spanish
proficiency is preferred but not mandatory. Interested candidates should send a
resume and cover letter to our intern coordinator, Kendrick Vela, at
Kendrick.Vela@mail.house.gov.

MEM-398-14

The Washington, DC, office of a Senior Member of the Ways and Means
Committee has unpaid Press internship openings to begin immediately. Press
interns are expected to work long hours and commit between 3-5 days per week.
Internship duties include, but are not limited to compiling and daily clips, drafting
press releases and op-eds, proofreading and editing, maintaining press lists,
updating Member's communications calendar, website and social media
platforms. Intern may also assist with answering phones, incoming and outgoing
mail, addressing constituent concerns, and assisting the Legislative/District office
staff. Strong writing skills are needed and familiarity with new media and website
development is a plus. Priority will be given to those with journalism or
communications education/experience. The ideal candidate will be creative,
motivated, mature, detail-orientated, and possess the ability to multi-task under
high pressure. This is a great opportunity for college students and recent
graduates. To apply for the position, please send your cover letter, resume and
writing sample addressed to the Comm. Director at ny13intern@gmail.com with
the subject: Press Intern.

MEM-396-14

Congressman Mark Meadows (NC-11) seeks motivated, detail-oriented,
personable and organized interns to join his Washington, DC office for the 2015
spring semester. Applicants should have strong conservative values, excellent
communication skills, and a committed work ethic. Duties will include, but are
not limited to: answering phones, processing mail, researching legislation,
drafting correspondence, attending hearings and briefings, giving tours of the
Capitol, and assisting front office staff. Applications are considered for this
unpaid internship on a rolling basis; preference will be given to candidates who
are available to intern full-time. Interested candidates should email a resume and
Page 4 of 12

cover letter to Ashley Howes at ashley.howes@mail.house.gov. North Carolina
ties are preferred, but not required
MEM-394-14

A Conservative Republican from Florida is currently seeking un-paid interns for
this Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities will include, but not limited to,
handling constituent phone calls, composing correspondence, conducting capitol
tours, and attending congressional hearings and briefings. Candidates should be
professional, organized, and eager to learn. Florida ties are preferred, but all
applicants are encouraged to apply. Please email your cover letter, resume, and
availability to FL11internship@gmail.com.

MEM-392-14

Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH) seeks full time hard working intern for
immediate hire. Responsibilities include, but aren’t limited to, answering phone
calls, assisting with the mail program, providing constituent tours, attending
various briefings, providing research for the legislative staff. Qualified candidates
will have exceptional writing skills, strong communication skills, ability to work
in a fast paced working environment, and have an interest in learning more about
the legislative process. Send a resume and a cover letter to
Stephen.Hostelley@mail.house.gov. Ohio candidates are strongly preferred.

MEM-391-14

The Office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson (D-FL-24) seeks full-time
and part-time interns for the Spring 2015 semester.
Opportunities will include:







Working with staff to advance Congresswoman Wilson’s legislative
priorities.
Researching and drafting talking points, press releases, memos, letters,
and social media posts.
Supporting the press team by tracking and compiling press clips,
organizing press conferences, and monitoring social media profiles.
Attending hearings, meetings, and briefings.
Interacting with constituents, interest groups, and renowned stakeholders.
Providing administrative support such as answering phones, sorting mail,
leading capitol tours, managing flag requests, and undertaking special
projects.

Candidates who reside in Florida’s 24th Congressional District or have ties to
Florida are preferred. Candidates should have strong writing, communication, and
people skills. Additionally, candidates should be available to serve from January
through May/June. Please email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and dates
of availability to Jean.Roseme@Mail.House.Gov by Friday, December 12, 2014.
Include “Spring Congressional Internship” in the subject line. This is an unpaid
internship.
MEM-390-14

A Democratic California Congressman is seeking highly motivated interns to
Page 5 of 12

join his Washington, D.C. office for a part- or full-time, unpaid internship from
December to March, with flexible start and end dates. Candidates should be
organized, professional, quick learners, and team players. Strong oral and written
communication skills and close attention to detail are important. Main
responsibilities include but are not limited to: assisting staff with legislative and
press-related projects, writing memos and talking points, attending hearings, and
leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. Other responsibilities include: assisting with
scheduling, answering phone calls, and processing mail. Candidates with
California ties and previous internship/work experience are strongly encouraged
to apply. Please e-mail a resume and cover letter to
Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-388-14

Massachusetts Democratic office seeks an undergraduate or graduate level
students as well as recent graduates for Winter/Spring 2015 internships. Intern
responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls,
opening and sorting mail, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns
will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with
correspondence, as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional
hearings, receptions, and press events. All internships are unpaid, but if your
college or university offers credit hours we are more than happy to complete any
necessary evaluations. Massachusetts ties and previous internship experience
preferred. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and available
hours to NewEnglandResumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-387-14

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology is
seeking full-time interns starting in January 2015. Interns are asked to work with
staff to help prepare for committee hearings and markups. Interns will work on
substantive research projects and press matters. Additionally, interns are critical
to the daily operation of the office including tasks such as answering phones,
greeting visitors, and filing official documents.
Interested applicants should visit the Committee’s website at
http://democrats.science.house.gov/contact-us. Please fill out the application
provided and send in a resume and two professional references.

MEM-386-14

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to fill internship positions through
April/May. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering
phones, conducting Capitol Tours, sorting incoming mail, attending briefings,
conducting legislative research and performing other administrative
tasks. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral
communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fastpaced environment, an eagerness to learn about the political process and
congressional affairs, as well as full week availability. Spanish-fluency and
California ties are a plus. Please send a resume, cover letter, a short writing
sample (no longer than one page), and dates of availability to
Page 6 of 12

Adam.Sachs@mail.house.gov with “Intern” in the subject line.
MEM-385-14

The office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is seeking applications for
internships starting in January 2015. As a fast-paced office for an active
member of the Democratic leadership, we expect a lot from our interns and pride
ourselves on an excellent internship program. Duties include, but are not limited
to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting constituent
correspondence, and providing assistance to the legislative staff. Applicants must
have excellent writing and communications skills. Interested applicants should
email a cover letter and resume to tom.gibson@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Intern Application.”

MEM-384-14

The office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is seeking applications for
internships starting in January 2015. As a fast-paced office for an active
member of the Democratic leadership, we expect a lot from our interns and pride
ourselves on an excellent internship program. Duties include, but are not limited
to, answering phones, sorting mail, attending briefings, drafting constituent
correspondence, and providing assistance to the legislative staff. Applicants must
have excellent writing and communications skills. Interested applicants should
email a cover letter and resume to tom.gibson@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Intern Application.”

MEM-383-14

Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District seeks unpaid interns to fill
positions for January through May 2015. Main responsibilities include answering
phones, processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters, researching
legislative issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be
opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates should be
self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate (with a good
understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity for college students
seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are preferred. Please e-mail your cover
letter, resume, and references to Samuel Grossman at
samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-382-14

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a fulltime or part-time intern for the Spring of 2015. This is an opportunity to learn
about the inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced
work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and interesting
events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities will include,
but are not limited to, attending Congressional briefings, giving tours of the
Capitol, conducting research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing
tour and flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and
courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task,
fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the legislative and governmental
process. To apply, please send a resume, three references, writing sample, and
cover letter to william.washington@mail.house.gov, with the subject ‘Norton
Internship’. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Page 7 of 12

MEM-381-14

Congressman Gregory W. Meeks (NY-05) is accepting applications for
legislative internship positions available in his Washington D.C. office for the
upcoming Spring term. This unpaid internship will provide an invaluable handson experience in a Congressional office and a greater understanding of the
legislative process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, attending
Congressional briefings on behalf of staff, giving tours of the Capitol, conducting
research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing tour and flag
requests. Interns will also be given the opportunity to draft memos, write letters,
and become a team member in a fast-paced and collegial office. Qualified
applicants will possess a professional and courteous demeanor, excellent
communication skills, the ability to multi-task, acute attention to detail, and
interest in the legislative and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students seeking Capitol Hill
experience. All majors are encouraged to apply. Ties to New York’s Fifth
Congressional District are preferred, but not required. Interested applicants
should email a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to
Jordan.Morris@mail.house.gov with “Your Last Name-Internship App” in the
subject line. Please also include dates and times of availability.

MEM-380-14

The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is seeking a fulltime or part-time Press and Social Media intern for the Spring of 2015.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to compiling press clips,
monitoring daily news, drafting talking points and press releases, updating social
media and working closely with the communications director. The ideal
candidate will have previous experience in public relations or journalism, possess
strong written communications skills, ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
and professional manner. Please note that the internship is unpaid and housing is
not provided, but student can qualify for academic credit depending on the
requirements of the college or university. Interested applicants should e-mail a
cover letter, resume, short writing sample (in the form of a speech or press
release) and dates of availability with "Norton Internship" in the subject line to
Jason.spear@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-379-14

The DC office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from Washington’s 6th
district, is looking for personable, diligent full-time or part-time interns to start
for winter session (December/January – early spring). This is an opportunity to
learn about the inner-workings of a congressional office on the Hill in a fastpaced work environment. The internship allows access to briefings and
interesting events related to a wide range of important issues. Responsibilities
include assisting with constituent correspondence, producing daily press clips,
and leading tours of the Capitol. This is a unique opportunity and prime for
students or recent grads who are interested in learning about the legislative
process or may eventually want to work for the federal government.

Page 8 of 12

To apply, please send a resume, contact information for two references, and a
cover letter outlining your interest in the position to
nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response within a week.
Those with Washington state ties strongly encouraged to apply. We look forward
to hearing from you!
MEM-377-14

Nevada Republican seeks an intern for the Spring 2015 semester. Interns will
work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Intern
responsibilities include greeting constituents, handling constituent phone calls,
opening and sorting mail, and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns
will also have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, and assist with
correspondence, as well as attend Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings,
receptions, and press events. Our office is looking for an intern with a positive
attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be self-starters, take and listen to direction, and be willing
to work both independently as well as part of a team environment. Applicants
should have working knowledge of current events and policy topics, as well as a
willingness to do assist with daily office tasks. Nevada ties preferred. Interns
must be able to commit three full days a week (9:00am-6:00pm) at minimum.
Students welcome to apply. Those interested please send resume and cover letter
to kelsey.wolfgram@mail.house.gov.

MEM-376-14

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking highly
motivated and organized applicants for a full or part-time unpaid internship for
the 2015 spring internship program. Starting dates run from early January with
flexible end dates. Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process,
excellent communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will
mostly include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not
required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or
school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover
letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2015 Spring Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-375-14

Congresswoman Annie Kuster (NH-2) seeks energetic, motivated, and detailoriented winter and spring interns for DC office. Responsibilities include, but are
not limited to: staffing the front desk area and greeting all office visitors, leading
constituents on capitol tours, processing mail, attending hearings and meetings,
researching issue areas and writing legislative briefings and memos, and
providing general administrative support for staff and the Member. New England
ties preferred. All internships are unpaid. Please send cover letter and resume to
NH02.Internship@mail.house.gov along with your dates of availability. No
phone calls or walk-ins, please.

Page 9 of 12

MEM-374-14

The Office of Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks interns for Spring
2015 (Jan-May). Internship responsibilities will include: assisting with research,
processing mail, data entry, reception duties, office errands, and other duties as
assigned by the Intern Supervisor. Ideal candidate will have strong oral and
written communication abilities, a willingness to learn, basic knowledge of the
political process, and a firm opinion on the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia.
Pennsylvania ties preferred. Both full and part time will be considered. Please
send a resume, cover letter (including availability), and writing sample to Liz
Leibowitz at liz.leibowitz@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-373-14

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her District office
for unpaid Constituent Services and Outreach internships during the Spring 2015
term (January – April/May).
Constituent Service Internship - Constituent Service Interns will work in the
District office to assist Constituent Service Representatives. Responsibilities
include assisting with constituent files, gathering information from federal
agencies, and answering constituent calls. S/he will monitor congressional
inquiries through online databases.
Outreach Internship - The Outreach Intern will work in the District office
supporting the team with a variety of outreach projects and activities, including
event planning, and advocacy communications. The Outreach Intern also
conducts project research using the web and traditional sources such as booth set
up at events. S/he helps develop several databases and lists of state, local/civic,
and federal organizations and government agencies. S/he must monitor local and
national media through print, online/blog and television news media. The
Outreach Intern also responds to outreach-related initiatives and assists with
general outreach efforts.
Ideal candidates for both positions will be detailed oriented, well organized, and
able to conduct research. Interns should also possess strong written and verbal
communication skills in a professional setting. Undergraduates and recent
graduates of any major with ties to Maryland are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a brief and
relevant writing sample (maximum one page) by November 28th to
internship.md04@mail.house.gov.

MEM-372-14

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her Washington,
D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during the Spring 2015 term
(January – April/May). Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative
process and have a desire to learn while being a part of a hardworking team. Ideal
candidates will possess strong writing and verbal communication skills, a
demonstrated interest in legislative issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct
research, and an enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist
staff with legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings, draft
Page 10 of 12

memos, sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours. Candidates with
Maryland ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a resume, cover
letter stating your availability, and a brief and relevant writing sample (maximum
one page) by November 28th to internship.md04@mail.house.gov.
MEM-367-14

The Office of Congressman Michael Capuano (D-MA) is seeking full-time
interns to aid our administrative and legislative teams. Responsibilities include:
researching legislative issues, attending legislative hearings, answering phone
calls, processing constituent mail, giving Capitol tours, and assisting in any other
special projects/tasks that may arise. Applicants should be self-motivated,
reliable, hardworking, and have strong communication skills. Massachusetts ties
preferred, but not required. Previous internship experience is a plus.
Spring 2015 internships start early January and run through the end of the
semester (usually the middle of May). Internships are unpaid. Academic credit is
available.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a one-page writing
sample to juliet.albin@mail.house.gov.

MEM-365-14

Congressman Vern Buchanan (R-FL-16) has full-time and part-time, unpaid
internships available for the spring session (January-May) in his Washington,
DC office. Qualified candidates should possess excellent organizational and
communication skills, should have a positive attitude, and a strong work ethic.
Although internships are unpaid, our office is happy to fill out any necessary
forms for students to receive credit at their respective college or university. All
interested individuals should submit a cover letter and resume to
jillian.gates@mail.house.gov with “2015 Spring Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-349-14

The Office of Congressman Reid Ribble is seeking qualified candidates to intern
full time in our Washington, D.C. office starting in January 2015. We are
interested in candidates of all academic disciplines.
Interns will assist the staff with a variety of tasks, including office administration,
legislative research, constituent correspondence, and other duties as assigned.
Administration will include daily tasks such as welcoming guests, being aware of
the Congressman’s and staff’s schedules, answering phones, constituent tours,
mail administration, and other duties. Legislative research and constituent
correspondence will include being aware of current and pending legislation,
researching legislation for constituent correspondence, attending briefings, and
other duties.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
the drive to take the initiative in a fast-paced environment.

Page 11 of 12

If candidates have any questions or wish to apply, please send resume, writing
samples, and references to jeffrey.kuckuck@mail.house.gov.

Page 12 of 12

