________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 5, 2022

MEM-580-22

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) is seeking full or part-time
interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants should possess strong written
and verbal communication skills. Position duties include attending Congressional
hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and
assisting legislative staff with research.
College students and recent graduates are encouraged to apply, and academic
credit is available to qualifying students.
Interested applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: Spring 2023
Internship. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-579-22

The Office of Congresswoman Barbara Lee (CA-13) is seeking to hire motivated,
detail-oriented, current college undergrad students or graduate students to gain
constituent-oriented internship experience in her Oakland District Office.
District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, conducting research,
assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the
District Director. As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions
of our impactful District office.

Page 1 of 10

The term of this internship will be from January 2023---May 2023. The
internship is paid part-time internship, interns must work at least 10-15 hours a
week, 2-3 days a week Monday-Fridays, hours may be flexible to accommodate
students' hectic course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at
least one reference to lee.resumes@mail.house.gov.
MEM-578-22

The Republican Office of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
seeks energetic and self-motivated undergraduate or graduate-level students, as
well as recent graduates, with an interest in government and public policy for a
Spring 2023 internship.
Working closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain
first-hand knowledge of the inner-workings of a congressional committee and
learn about the day-to-day administrative operations of the House of
Representatives. Interns are responsible for assisting Committee staff with
official proceedings (hearings/markups), oversight, research, assisting with phone
inquiries, and providing support to all Committee staff. A background in science
is a plus.
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter
to house.science.committee@mail.house.gov.

MEM-577-22

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Natural Resources is currently
seeking full-time interns for Spring 2023 (January-May).
Applicants must be organized, detail oriented, and dependable. Above all, we
seek candidates who are passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction, demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills, and are
eager to learn about committee process. Interns will conduct legislative research,
prepare for hearings, assist with administrative duties, perform outreach, and aide
communications. The position comes with a monthly stipend of $3,200 plus
transit benefits.
Our office currently operates on a hybrid basis (M & F remote, and Tu, W & Th
in-person). Depending on guidance from the CDC and Office of the Attending
Physician, internship format may be modified to remote work at any time.
To apply, address your application materials to Qay-Liwh Ammon
at NRD.Internships@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Spring Internship
Application – First Name Last Name” by COB December 14, 2022. Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis.
Please include a (1) cover letter, (2) resume, (3) short writing sample, and (4)
availability.
Page 2 of 10

Due to the volume of applications, we will only be reaching out to candidates
who are being actively considered for this position. This posting will be removed
from the Committee’s website when the position has been filled.
Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
MEM-576-22

U.S. Representative David N. Cicilline is seeking legal interns for spring 2023 to
work with his legislative team.
Interns will work closely with the office’s Legislative Counsel and other staff,
and duties will entail conducting legal research, drafting materials related to
hearings and votes, and providing other assistance as needed.
Issue areas will include constitutional law, oversight over federal agencies,
criminal justice, gun violence prevention, voting rights, immigration, intellectual
property, privacy, financial services, and women’s issues/reproductive rights.
This internship is open to 2L and 3L law students (2L or 3L students in the 20222023 academic year) in good academic standing.
This internship will be hybrid (a combination of in-person and remote work) and
is unpaid but should be done for academic credit. Women, people of color,
LGBTQ+ individuals, individuals with disabilities, and those with Rhode Island
ties are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please email a (1) resume, (2) cover letter, (3) three-to-five-page
writing sample, (4) unofficial law school transcript, and (5) list of three
references with email contacts to RI01LegalInterns@gmail.com. Please send all
application documents in a single PDF file and include “Legal Intern
Application” in the subject line

MEM-568-22

The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) is seeking a press
fellow to assist with an aggressive and engaged communications operation for
Spring 2022 — to begin in January 2022. This position is based in Rep.
Spanberger’s Washington, D.C. office.
The fellowship is a paid position working directly under Rep. Spanberger’s
communications team. Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong work ethic,
pay close attention to detail, and have solid writing and editing skills. Applicants
must have the ability to work cooperatively and think creatively in a fast-paced
environment. The fellow will be expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per
week. Virginia ties are a plus.
Fellowship responsibilities include:

Page 3 of 10

* Developing social media content
* Compiling press clips
* Assisting with constituent correspondence
* Drafting advisories and other written materials
* Creating graphics
* Clipping videos, including floor speeches and media interviews
* Other duties to support the communications team as needed
Rep. Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. Her office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume with dates of
availability to spanbergerpressva07@gmail.com with “Spring 2022 Press
Fellowship” in the subject line. We also recommend — but do not require —
applicants submit 1-2 sample writing samples or sample graphics.
MEM-561-22

The Office of Congresswoman Kim Schrier (WA-08) is seeking spring interns in
its Issaquah and Washington, DC offices for Spring 2023.
Applicants should be eager to learn more about the legislative process and want
to be part of a hardworking team dedicated to serving Washington’s 8th
Congressional District. Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office,
gaining valuable experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
In Washington, D.C., intern responsibilities will include greeting constituents,
answering constituent phone calls, supporting staff with administrative tasks,
conducting legislative research, assisting with constituent correspondence, and
other miscellaneous tasks as assigned. Interns in Washington, D.C. also have the
opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol, as well as attend briefings for the
legislative staff.
In the District office, interns will assist with a variety of tasks, including day-today office work such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with
media clips. District office interns may also help with constituent casework or
other District-based projects of importance.
Qualifications
Ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, a
high degree of professionalism, and a strong interest in public service. In
addition, the ability to multi-task and work with a team are a plus. Washington
state ties are a plus, but not required. Starting and ending dates are flexible,
although prospective interns should be able to commit at least 20 hours per week
during business hours. Congressional internships are open to all majors and
designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates
with an interest in public service. Stipends or academic credit are available.
Page 4 of 10

Please apply by December 15th, 2022 at 11:59 p.m. ET. Please be prepared to
submit a cover letter, resume, three references and office preference
at https://schrier.house.gov/services/internships. If you have submission issues,
please email relevant application materials
to DistrictInternshipsWA08@mail.house.gov.
MEM-559-22

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified undergrad students and recent graduates for legislative interns for the
Spring 2023 session.
Interns will receive a stipend, and applicants may request the Committee’s
assistance to receive credit from their educational institution.
An internship with the Energy and Commerce Democrats is designed to give
students a thorough understanding of a Congressional committee’s role in the
legislative process. Throughout the course of the program, interns will assist staff
with administrative tasks such as answering phones, conducting legislative
research, and preparing materials for staff and member briefings.
In addition, interns will have the opportunity to shadow staff at hearings and
markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects within the Committee’s broad
jurisdiction.
Our ideal candidates are organized and committed students eager to join a fastpaced environment and build upon their knowledge of how Congress works—in
particular, the role that congressional committees play in the federal legislative
process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention to detail, and a
sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred, but part-time
candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov. In the body
of the email, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes.
Please put “Spring 2023 Legislative Intern Application” in the subject line. The
deadline for applications is December 16, 2022. Please no phone calls or dropins.

MEM-553-22

“Representative Kat Cammack (FL-03) seeks applicants for a full-time paid
internship for Spring 2023 (Internship would run from January through May
2023) in her Washington DC office.

Page 5 of 10

Intern responsibilities are, but are not limited to, answering phones, logging
constituent concerns, running errands in the Capitol, and aiding various staff in
the Member’s office. Ideal candidates will be quick learners that have initiative, a
strong work ethic, strong communication skills, a positive attitude, and are
timely. Undergraduate and recent college graduates are preferred. Academic
credit is available for qualifying students. Internships are in-person and will
require candidates to move to Washington, D.C. for the duration of the internship.
Interested candidates should email with “Washington D.C. Intern Spring 2023” in
the subject line, their resume, cover letter, two references, and social media
handles to FL03.Internships@mail.house.gov (No drop-ins or phone calls). The
Deadline to apply is December 9th.”
MEM-552-22

The Office of Congressman Scott Fitzgerald is seeking candidates for a paid
internship in our Washington, DC office for the spring.
Candidates should be detail-oriented, a team player, have strong written and
verbal communication skills, and be eager to learn about our country’s legislative
process. Responsibilities include answering phones and constituent letters,
researching legislation, attending hearings and briefings, leading Capitol tours,
and providing administrative support to the office. Wisconsin ties are preferredbut not required.
Please submit all applications to the Congressman’s official website at the
following link - https://fitzgerald.house.gov/services/internships. The deadline for
applications is Monday, January 9, 2023.

MEM-551-22

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) seeks
interns for the upcoming Spring 2023 term.
Responsibilities include attending hearings and briefings, drafting and editing
constituent correspondence letters and memos, researching legislation for the
legislative staff, drafting social media posts, designing graphics, and providing
support for the day-to-day activities of the office. Interns have the opportunity to
work either in-person or remotely.
The Office of Congresswoman Moore is an equal opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion,
national origin, age, or socioeconomic status. All are welcome and encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and 1-2 short writing
samples to WI04DC.Internships@mail.house.gov. Additionally, applicants
should indicate their expected start and end dates and availability for MondayFriday. The deadline to apply is 6:00 PM ET on Friday, December 9th, 2022.

Page 6 of 10

MEM-542-22

The Office of Congresswoman Mikie Sherrill (NJ-11) is currently accepting
Spring 2023 internship applications.
To apply for an internship with the DC Office, please click here.
To apply for an internship with the District Office, please click here.
In addition to completing the questionnaire, please email your resume and at least
one reference in PDF format to NJ11internships@mail.house.gov, with the
subject line:
Office of Application (DC or District), First Name Last Name.
The application deadline is Monday, December 5th at 5:00 PM EST. Late or
incomplete applications will not be considered. Spring internships will be on-site.
Interns will have the opportunity to learn about the inner workings of the
legislative branch of government through hands-on experience. Interns will assist
the office achieve its goals by performing a variety of tasks. Some tasks may
include: research on issues; drafting memos and other written documents;
assisting staff on special projects; assisting staff with congressional programs;
directing constituents to appropriate resources; and various administrative duties
(answering phones, updating databases, etc.).
Candidates for the internship program must be undergraduate or graduate college
students, have excellent written and verbal communication skills and a strong
interest in government and public service.

MEM-538-22

The Office of Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (IL-08) is seeking a highly
motivated, proactive press intern to assist on an aggressive communications
team. Applicants must be available to begin at beginning of January.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate a strong and positive work ethic, pay
attention to detail, be responsive and punctual, and have solid writing and editing
skills. Preferred applicants are diligent, communicative, creative, and are willing
to perform and follow through on a wide variety of tasks. A monthly stipend is
available.
• Hours = 9am-5pm ET Monday through Friday
• Position can be virtual, in person, or hybrid
Intern responsibilities include:
*Compiling press clips by 9:30am ET every morning
*Social media strategizing for increased growth
*Drafting daily social media posts and ideas for Instagram, Twitter, and
Facebook
*Creating graphics for social media, knowledge of Photoshop or Canva preferred
*Drafting speeches
*Drafting short newsletters
*Editing written materials, such as newsletters or press releases
*Other duties as needed to support the communications team
Page 7 of 10

Interested applicants should please send resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples,
and a graphic sample (if applicable)
to KrishnamoorthiPressInternship@gmail.com.
MEM-537-22

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for the Spring 2023 semester.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing
administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, (including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample) to https://cartwright.house.gov/services/internships.htm. No phone calls
or drop-ins please.

MEM-534-22

Congressman Dan Newhouse (R-WA-04) is currently seeking paid congressional
interns for the Spring 2023 term. The internships are in-person and will run from
January to early May. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to undergraduate
and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, opening and sorting mail,
greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks, and
producing a daily memo. Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong
work ethic, attention to detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced work
environment. District ties will be considered however are not required.
Interested applicants should send their resumes, cover letters, and any writing
samples with the subject line “Spring 2023 Internship”
to Ben.Savercool@mail.house.gov

MEM-529-22

Republican Congressman Pat Fallon (TX-04) currently seeks full-time interns
for a paid internship in his Washington D.C. office for the Winter 2022 and
Spring 2023 semesters. Current college students and recent graduates are
welcome to apply.

Page 8 of 10

Intern responsibilities will include answering and logging constituent phone calls,
drafting correspondence, and assisting staff with legislative research and
administrative duties.
The ideal candidate should be interested in public policy, politics, and
government and is willing to learn more about the legislative process to serve the
constituents of Texas’s 4th Congressional District. Candidates with strong writing
and communication skills are encouraged to apply and must be ready to work in a
rapid environment. Texas ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, please send your resume and cover letter
to randy.mai1@mail.house.gov.
MEM-524-22

The Office of Congressman Greg Murphy (NC-03) is currently seeking interns
for our DC office for the Spring 2023 session. The internship would begin on
January 19 and last until early May. Our specific dates are tentative on the release
of the official House schedule.
This is a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience and knowledge of the
day-to-day happening within Congress. Additionally, interns currently enrolled in
an accredited university will receive a monthly stipend. The internship is an ideal
fit for any student that is interested in politics, law, or government – however,
any interested student is encouraged to apply! Interns will assist the legislative
staff by conducting policy research, answering phones, leading tours, and helping
with administrative tasks.
Qualified candidates should:
•Be a current undergraduate, graduate student, or have recently graduated.
•Demonstrate an interest in politics, policy, and/or public service.
•Have strong communications and writing skills.
•Be hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented, and professional.
North Carolina ties are preferred but not required. This will be an in-person
internship. The deadline to apply for the Spring Session is Friday, December 16,
2022.
Interested candidates should apply through our
website https://gregmurphy.house.gov/services/internships.

MEM-491-22

The Office of Congressman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-00) is seeking motivated,
organized, and hardworking individuals for its spring internship program
(beginning in January 2023 and ending in May 2023).
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
providing Capitol tours for constituents, drafting constituent correspondence,
sorting incoming mail, attending briefings and hearings, conducting legislative
Page 9 of 10

research, and other tasks as needed. Successful candidates will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, willingness to contribute to a team
environment, and eagerness to learn about the political process and congressional
affairs. Delaware ties are a plus.
To apply, please send one compiled PDF of your resume, a cover letter that
describes why you want to intern for Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, and the
contact information for 2 references to LBR.Internship@mail.house.gov,
indicating the office (DC or Wilmington) and the term you are applying for in the
subject line. For example: “DC Spring 2023 Internship – NAME.” Please note in
the cover letter or body of the email if the internship is for school credit.
Applications are due at 11:59pm on December 10th, 2022
No phone calls, emails, or drop-ins please.
MEM-487-22

“Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Spring 2023 term.
Intern responsibilities include corresponding and communicating with
constituents, researching policy, legislative analysis, guiding Capitol building
tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written
and oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and
cover letter
to marshall.stallings@mail.house.gov and lauren.mazurek@mail.house.gov.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to
apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class
schedules. This is a paid position and is competitive with that of other offices.
Rate of pay will depend on hours worked and duration of internship. State ties
preferred but not required.”

Page 10 of 10

