________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 27, 2017

MEM-465-17

The office of Congressman Buchanan is seeking full time interns for an
immediate start.
Job Description
Our internship program offers interns a chance to learn and work on the hill and
see how the highest levels of government work. Being the office of a senior
member of the House Ways and Means Committee, interns will have exposure to
healthcare, tax, and trade issues. Interns will assist staff with legislative projects,
attend briefings and hearings, and assist with maintaining data bases. Interns will
also work on a policy proposal under the guidance of staff and will present their
policy proposal at the end of their internship.
Interns will also have the chance to attend briefings independently and on the
behalf of staff. At the end of the internship, interns will have a firm understanding
of how Capitol Hill works, a bespoke policy proposal, and full understanding of
how the legislative process works.
Required Skills
• good oral and written communication skills;
Page 1 of 17

•
•
•

ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
good organizational skills; and
responsible, dependable and willing to learn

Application instructions
Please email your resume and available start date to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.
MEM-464-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is
seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming spring
semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and
communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases,
answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability
to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political
process and congressional affairs. Candidates with an interest in issues associated
with the Congressman’s membership on the House Foreign Affairs Committee or
House Budget Committee are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume, cover
letter and dates of availability to Perry.Goffner@mail.house.gov with “Name Internship Application” in the subject line.

MEM-463-17

The office of Congresswoman Elizabeth H. Esty (CT-05) is currently seeking
unpaid interns for Spring 2018. Interns will gain valuable exposure to and
knowledge of the legislative process, communications, and the United States
Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to: drafting constituent
correspondence, greeting constituents and answering phones, drafting constituent
outreach materials, performing legislative research, leading tours of the Capitol,
attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and additional
tasks to assist the legislative and communications teams. We are seeking hardworking and detail-oriented college students with outstanding communication
and time management skills. Applicants should have an ability to work in a fastpaced environment, have basic computer skills, possess excellent writing skills,
and have an enthusiastic attitude. Interns are accepted throughout the year on both
a full and part-time (at least 15 hours/week) basis. District ties preferred but not
required. To apply for an internship in the DC office, please submit a cover letter,
resume, and a brief writing sample (1-2 pages) to
Sarah.Wiszniak@mail.house.gov. If you have any questions, please contact Sarah
Wiszniak at (202) 225-4476.

MEM-462-17

The Office of Representative Ro Khanna (CA-17) is seeking qualified candidates
to intern in the Washington, D.C. office from early January through late April to
early May of 2018. Although internships are unpaid, students gain invaluable
work experience on Capitol Hill. The hours can be flexible to accommodate
students' evening schedules but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Interns are
expected to be in the office at least 35 hours per week.
Page 2 of 17

Interns’ responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run
errands, draft content for the communications team, research legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer
constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to California are preferred, but not
required.
To apply to intern in the DC office, please send your resume, a short writing
sample, and your dates and times of availability to
ca17dcinterns.resumes@mail.house.gov. Due to the high volume of applicants, a
response is not guaranteed. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-461-17

Congressman Ron Estes (KS-04) seeks conservative and diligent interns for
the spring semester. Duties including helping to draft constituent
correspondence, welcoming constituents, leading Capitol tours, assisting with
research, and aiding legislative staff. This unpaid internship would last
from January to May, and is a challenging and meaningful introduction to the
legislative process. To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to
KS04DC.InternshipApplication@mail.house.gov.

MEM-460-17

Congressman Ben Ray Luján (NM-03) has immediate openings for unpaid fulltime and part-time interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be
motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented individuals with immediate availability,
and a preference for those who can stay two-three months. New Mexico ties are a
plus, but are not required.
Intern responsibilities include answering constituent phone calls, leading tours of
the Capitol, sorting mail and faxes, writing letters, and assisting experienced staff
with projects in diverse issue areas. Candidates should be outgoing and possess
strong oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Candidates with New Mexico
ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter –
including desired start date, and a 1-2 page writing sample to
Lujan.Tours@mail.house.gov.

MEM-459-17

Congressman Sean P. Duffy is looking for Winter/Spring interns! We are
looking for energetic and driven individuals who are eager to learn. Congressman
Duffy represents Wisconsin’s 7th Congressional District and serves on the House
Financial Services Committee as the Chairman of the House Financial Services
Page 3 of 17

Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance. The internship program is a very
hands-on program where our goal is to make you feel like you are a part of the
team and not just an intern whose sole responsibility is to answer phones. The
main mission of the program is placement. Our hope is that after our interns leave
the program they are prepared to step right into a Staff Assistant or maybe even a
Legislative Correspondent position on Capitol Hill. If you are a student or recent
graduate and think you would benefit from this opportunity please email your
resume and cover letter to Wisc.internship@gmail.com. Ties to Wisconsin are not
required but preferred.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•
•

Legislative Research
Writing constituent correspondence
Administrative Duties
Tours of the U.S. Capitol

QUALIFICATIONS:
•
•
•

Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Track record of responsibility
Exemplifies great customer service

MEM-457-17

The Office of Congressman Tim Walz (MN-01) is currently seeking motivated,
organized, and reliable full or part time interns for the Spring 2018 semester in
Washington DC. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, greeting
visitors, answering phones, conducting US Capitol tours, sorting incoming mail,
drafting letters to constituents, attending briefings, conducting legislative research
and performing other administrative tasks as necessary. Ideal candidates will have
excellent written and oral communication skills, experience working in a
professional setting, ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and enthusiasm
for the political process and congressional operations. Minnesota ties are a plus,
but not required. Interested applicants should send a résumé, cover letter, and a
brief writing sample to Kate Rohr at Kate.Rohr@mail.house.gov with “Spring
Internship” in the subject line. Minorities and women are encouraged to apply.

MEM-456-17

Congressman Doug LaMalfa (CA-01) is currently seeking interns for the Winter
term for his Washington D.C. office. Candidates must be self-starters, detail
oriented, have excellent writing and communication skills, and be able to multitask. The internship involves researching legislative issues, assisting with
incoming mail, attending lectures and hearings, giving Capitol tours, working
with legislative staff on special projects and assisting with other general office
duties. Please note that this is an unpaid internship, if you are seeking college
credit our office would be happy to assist in that. California ties a plus, but not
necessary. Please email your cover letter and resume to
kathleen.devlin@mail.house.gov with Winter Internship in the subject line.
Page 4 of 17

MEM-455-17

Conservative Midwestern Member of Congress seeking a part/full time Intern.
Duties include, but aren’t limited to, performing administrative tasks, leading
Capitol tours, answering phones, sorting mail, and assisting legislative staff with
writing and research. Preferred start date is January 3, 2017 and end date is
negotiable. Interested applicants should submit their resume and a writing
sample to IA01resumes@mail.house.gov..

MEM-454-17

The Office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) is seeking a press intern
for Spring 2017. Candidates should be well organized, have good oral and
written communication skills, and possess a strong interest in learning about press
operations, the political process, and congressional affairs. The intern will assist
in the day-to-day operations of a DC Congressional office by supporting
congressional staff with press clips and constituent communication. The intern
will also help to draft press releases, prep memos, and social media posts, in
addition to assisting with legislative research and administrative
activities. Hawaii ties are appreciated but not necessary. Please note that this
internship is unpaid. Interested candidates should send a resume, writing sample,
and cover letter to Lauren Mcilvaine, Lauren.Mcilvaine@mail.house.gov. No
calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-453-17

Democratic Congressman Robert A. Brady (PA-01) seeks current college
students or recent graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience for summer
2017 internships in his Washington, D.C. office. Intern duties include answering
phones, attending and summarizing hearings/briefings, sorting mail and faxes,
leading tours of the Capitol, as well as assisting legislative staff and other
responsibilities as needed. A qualified intern candidate will have good oral and
written communication skills, professional maturity, and a willingness to work on
a variety of tasks. Preference given to interns with full-time availability, but those
seeking part-time internships will be considered. Pennsylvania ties a plus but not
required. Internship positions are unpaid. To apply, please email cover letter,
resume, and a brief writing sample (no more than two pages) to Jordan Sciascia at
Jordan.Sciascia@mail.house.gov. Please include availability in your cover letter.

MEM-452-17

Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Cambridge,
MA team for a full-time/part-time, unpaid internship during spring 2018.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Strong writing skills with
close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
This non-paying internship offers young professionals a hands-on opportunity to
be involved with the daily working of a United States Representative’s office.
Responsibilities include researching issues and information, aiding in responding
to constituent concerns, various clerical and administrative tasks, and attending
occasional meetings. To maximize this experience, interns work directly with
Page 5 of 17

members of the district office staff. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and
previous internship and/or work experience are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail a brief writing sample, resume and cover letter to
jon.lenicheck@mail.house.gov.
MEM-451-17

West Coast Blue Dog Democrat seeks highly motivated communications interns
in the DC office for the Winter/Spring semester. Responsibilities include, but are
not limited to media monitoring; drafting press releases, talking points and social
media; developing press lists; performing research and generally supporting the
Communications Director. Candidates should be detail oriented with excellent
writing skills and an ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Graphic/photo skills a plus, though not required. Candidates should submit a
resume and writing sample to or05.pressintern@gmail.com.

MEM-450-17

The office of Congressman Dave Reichert (WA-08) is currently seeking
candidates for full and part-time internships in his Washington, D.C. office for
the winter and spring sessions, with some positions available immediately. These
are unpaid internships; however, opportunities for school credit are available if
needed. The internship program is open to college undergraduates, regardless of
major. Interns will observe firsthand the inner workings of a Congressional
office, while gaining relevant and valuable knowledge of the legislative process.
Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to, conducting legislative
research, compiling press clips, assisting with front office operations, helping
with constituent relations, and receiving training in order to conduct U.S. Capitol
tours. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend legislative briefings and
congressional hearings on Capitol Hill.
Ideal candidates will have a strong work ethic and be detailed-oriented and well
organized. He/she will also possess strong communication and writing skills, as
well as an enthusiasm for the political process and fast-paced congressional
operations. Successful candidates will be personable, adaptable, good-humored,
and service-oriented. Washington State ties are preferred, but not required.
Congressman Reichert is a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee
and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Trade. This internship is an opportunity to
work in a veteran office and learn the ins and outs of Congress. Interested
applicants should send a resume and cover letter to wa08internship@gmail.com.

MEM-449-17

Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-1) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for the Spring of 2018. We are seeking motivated,
organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff
with day-to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering
phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Nevada ties

Page 6 of 17

are encouraged but not required. Please send resume and cover letter to
Catherine.chrobak@mail.house.gov.

MEM-446-17

The office of Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart (FL-25) is currently seeking
applications for our Spring Internship Program running from January 2018
through the beginning of May. This position requires greeting guests and
constituents, leading Capitol tours, attending hearings, drafting constituent
correspondence letters, and assisting in general day to day activities. While
unpaid, this position will strengthen your understanding of the legislative process
and give you firsthand experience of the operations necessary to run a
Congressional office. Qualified candidates will be hard working, organized,
possess strong written and oral skills, and have the ability to work in a
professional environment. Interested candidates should send a resume,
availability and cover letter to Elizabeth.DosSantos@mail.house.gov. Deadline
for applications: December 8th, 2017.

MEM-445-17

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) seeks undergraduate or graduate
students for full-time or part-time unpaid internships in her Washington, DC
office. As a fast-paced office for an active member of the Democratic leadership,
we expect a lot from our interns and pride ourselves on an excellent internship
program. Duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, sorting mail,
attending briefings, drafting constituent correspondence, and providing research
assistance to the legislative staff. Qualified candidates will possess excellent
writing and communications skills, strong attention to detail, and an interest in
the legislative process. Colorado ties preferred but not required. Interested
applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to
matthew.allen@mail.house.gov.

MEM-444-17

Congressman Matt Cartwright (D-PA) seeks unpaid interns for his Washington,
D.C. office for the Spring 2018 semester. Intern responsibilities include, but are
not limited to, writing constituent letters, attending legislative briefings, assisting
staff with research and special projects, and preforming administrative duties as
needed. Successful candidates will be detail-oriented and responsible, and
possess strong written and oral communication skills. Pennsylvania ties are
preferred, but not required. Constituents from Pennsylvania’s 17th congressional
district are especially encouraged to apply.
Prospective candidates should submit their application, resume, and cover letter
online at www.cartwright.house.gov/services/internships. No phone calls or dropins, please.

MEM-443-17

The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Majority) is currently accepting
applications for full-time internships for the Spring 2018 session. Working
Page 7 of 17

closely with Committee staff, interns will have the opportunity to gain first-hand
knowledge of the legislative process and the inner-workings of a congressional
committee. Interns will be working in a fast-paced, front office answering
phones and greeting visitors. Responsibilities also include assisting staff with
hearings/markups, day to day administrative operations, legislative research
projects, and various other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates must have a
genuine interest in issues affecting veterans and possess an energetic, team player
attitude. Candidates with previous Hill experience are preferred. Please note the
internships are unpaid positions. Please send cover letter and resume to:
var.internship@mail.house.gov.
MEM-442-17

A West Coast Blue Dog Democratic office is now accepting internship
applications for the winter/spring term. Interns have the unique opportunity to
gain hands on experience in a Congressional office and to provide assistance to
the residents of Oregon’s 5th District. Ideal candidates are positive and energetic,
have excellent people and organizational skills, and are eager to assist with the
legislative and administrative needs of the staff.
Interns will be responsible for assisting the team with phones, mail, tours, flagrequests, and related front office duties. Additional tasks, including drafting
correspondence, research projects, and attending hearings may be assigned on a
case by case basis.
Applicants should be available to work part-time and least 20 hours per week.
Undergraduate and post-graduate students are eligible to apply for internships in
Congressman Schrader’s Washington D.C. office. This is an excellent
opportunity for those looking to enhance their network for post graduate life.
Positions are unpaid and serve to provide professional and educational value to
participants; but students have the opportunity to gain academic credit. Oregon
ties are preferred. If interested, please contact our office at
adrian.ballinger@mail.house.gov with "Winter/Spring Internship" in the subject
line. Please include cover letter, resume and a writing sample.

MEM-441-17

The Democratic Staff of the House Energy and Commerce Committee seeks
qualified graduate and undergraduate interns for the Winter/Spring 2018
program. An internship with the House Energy and Commerce Committee
Democratic staff is designed to give students a thorough understanding of a
Congressional committee’s role in the legislative process. Throughout the course
of the program, interns will assist staff with administrative tasks such as
answering phones, conducting legislative research, and preparing materials for
staff and member briefings. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to
shadow staff at hearings and markups, as well as attend briefings on subjects
within the Committee’s broad jurisdiction.
The ideal candidate is an organized and committed student or recent graduate
who is eager to join a fast-paced environment and build upon their knowledge of
how Congress works—particularly the role of congressional committees in the
Page 8 of 17

federal legislative process. Superior writing and communication skills, attention
to detail, and a sense of humor are required. Full-time availability is preferred,
but part-time candidates are eligible as well.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample (two pages max.) to InternshipResume.EC@mail.house.gov, with
“Winter/Spring 2018 Democratic Staff Internship” in the subject line. In your
cover letter, please indicate preferred start/end dates for scheduling purposes.
MEM-440-17

The Office of Congressman Sarbanes (MD-03) is currently seeking college
students or recent graduates for the Spring 2018 internship program in
Washington, DC. Intern responsibilities include attending briefings and writing
memos for legislative staff, drafting constituent correspondence, assisting the
Communications Director, conducting research for various legislative projects,
and providing administrative support for the office. Preference will be given to
interns with full-time availability.
Ideal candidates must possess a meticulous attention to detail, an enthusiasm for
learning, strong writing skills, and an ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
Ties to Maryland are strongly preferred. Interested applicants may send a resume,
cover letter, two short writing samples, and work availability (Monday-Friday,
etc.) with the subject line “Spring 2018 Internship” to Lucy Shaw at
lucy.shaw@mail.house.gov.

MEM-439-17

The Office of Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (NE-01) is accepting applications
for a motivated and hardworking Capitol Hill intern in our Washington, DC
office. The internship is full-time with room for growth.
Interns are responsible for politely greeting front office guests, professionally
answering calls, enthusiastically leading Capitol Tours for Nebraskans, assisting
the scheduler and staff assistants with administrative office duties, and assisting
the communications team with special projects. Ideal candidates will have a
strong work ethic, attention to detail, strong writing abilities, and thrive in fastpaced environments.
Interested applicants should send a resume with references and two writing
samples, a cover letter addressed to the Congressman detailing why you want to
work for him, and the ideal start and end date with the subject line “Fortenberry
Internship” to Diana.Shin@mail.house.gov. Nebraska ties a strong plus.

MEM-438-17

Democratic Congressman Pete Aguilar (CA-31) is seeking highly motivated
interns to join his Washington D.C. office. Interns will have the chance to
experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a congressional office and gain valuable
Page 9 of 17

work experience. This is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the
legislative process. Intern responsibilities include attending hearings and
briefings, assisting with front office duties, answering phones, assisting with
tours, researching legislation for staff and drafting constituent correspondence
letters on various issues before the House. Qualified applicants must possess
excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to
detail and ability to function in a fast-paced environment.
Full-time 3 month internship positions are available beginning December 1st,
2017. CA-31 and/or California ties are preferred but not required. Internships are
unpaid, however current students may be eligible for academic credit. To apply,
please send cover letter and resume to Stephanie.Palencia@mail.house.gov..
MEM-437-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) is seeking interns for his Washington office
in the spring. Spanish skills and Texas connection a plus. Send resume, brief
writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use the
subject line: Spring DC Internship Application. No drop-ins please.

MEM-436-17

The office of Congressman Bill Johnson (R-OH) is currently seeking
conservative, highly motivated, and organized applicants for a full or part-time
unpaid internship for a start date beginning the second week in January and
ending the second week in May, with flexible start and end dates.
Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not
required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or
school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover
letter to intern.oh06@gmail.com with "2018 Spring Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-434-17

The office of Congressman Robert Pittenger (R-NC) is currently accepting
applications for legislative interns. Candidates should be highly qualified and
have excellent writing, research, and interpersonal skills. Ideally, candidates
should also be motivated, analytical, and meticulous. This is an unpaid position,
but interns will have the opportunity to collaborate with the legislative staff on
various projects and regularly attend hearings, briefings, and meetings.
Responsibilities also include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol,
corresponding with constituents, and other miscellaneous tasks for the
legislative staff. Internships can be full or part-time with flexible hours to
accommodate student course schedules. Academic credit may also be available
based on the candidate's academic institution.
Interested candidates should email a resume to Sruthi.Prabhu@mail.house.gov.
Page 10 of 17

MEM-433-17

NC Democratic Member of Congress seeks interns for the spring semester in
Washington, DC office. Although all internships in all offices are unpaid,
students gain invaluable work experience. Our interns' responsibilities are varied
but substantive. They will be asked to answer phones, research legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, run errands, and
answer constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns
learn about the legislative process and the many other functions of a
congressional office.
The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. when not in session. Students will be supervised by the DC Office Staff
Assistant, who will train them to meet our high standards. Students will leave the
internship with a greater understanding of how a Congressional office works,
how constituent relationships are forged and maintained, and how the legislative
process works.
Students should be highly motivated, ready to learn, and eager to work in a fastpaced environment. Please apply by emailing your resume, a cover letter, and one
writing sample to nchousejobs@gmail.com.

MEM-432-17

Congressman Dan Kildee’s Washington, D.C. office is seeking motivated and
hard-working college students for spring internships. Although internships are
unpaid, students will gain valuable work experience in a fast-paced congressional
office.
QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral
and written communications skills, responsible, dependable, and eager to learn.
JOB DESCRIPTION: Interns are expected to carry out any task assigned to them.
Tasks include and are not limited to the following: Researching legislative issues,
preparing constituent correspondence, data entry, and helping maintain the
efficient day-to-day operations of an active Congressional office.
If interested, please send a cover letter and a resume to Jordan Dickinson at
jordan.dickinson@mail.house.gov.
For more information on Congressman Dan Kildee and Michigan’s 5th
Congressional District, please visit our website at www.dankildee.house.gov.

MEM-431-17

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for Fall 2017. We are seeking motivated, organized,
and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with dayto-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering phones, giving
Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters, performing legislative
research and analysis, and various other tasks. Florida ties are encouraged but not
Page 11 of 17

required. Please send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample to
FL13Internships@mail.house.gov. Applicants must be able to start immediately!
MEM-430-17

The House Democratic Caucus is currently accepting intern applications
for the 2018 Spring Semester. This is a full time internship that requires a
flexible schedule and the ability to travel. Our internship term runs from
early-January through May. Interns will assist with weekly Caucus
meetings, Member outreach, legislative work, and the annual Issues
Conference. Interns will also handle front office duties such as answering
phones, distributing mail, coordinating Capitol tours, and greeting visitors.
Qualified applicants must possess a pleasant attitude, attention to detail and
a great work ethic. Candidates with prior Hill experience, great writing
skills and strong familiarity with House Democrats are preferred.
Please email a cover letter and resume in PDF Form to
CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with your availability. Include “2018
Spring Democratic Caucus Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-429-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Paul Gosar is currently
seeking applicants for a full-time internship to start immediately for the
Fall 2017 term. Responsibilities include assisting the staff with front office
operations, conducting legislative research, answering constituent calls and
inquiries, conducting U.S. Capitol tours, attending committee briefings and
hearings, and learning about the day-to-day operations of a congressional
office. While the position is unpaid, the benefits of interning on Capitol
Hill can't be overstated. This position will help you understand the inner
workings of Capitol Hill in a way that is impossible to get otherwise. Ideal
candidates should be ambitious, proactive, have a positive attitude and
demonstrate a strong interest in the legislative process. Unpaid internships
are available to qualified college students or recent college graduates.
Arizona ties preferred but not required. Please submit a resume to
Will.Stechschulte@mail.house.gov with a subject line of "Internship
Application."

MEM-427-17

The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence (MI-14) seeks motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic interns for the spring 2018 semester in
Washington, DC. Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the
ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a
solid work ethic. Duties may include, but are not limited to, answering and
screening telephone calls, leading Capitol tours, assisting legislative staff with
research, attending congressional briefings, participating in hearing preparation,
and drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues. Interested
applicants should email a resume and cover letter to
Hannah.Mansbach@mail.house.gov. Please indicate expected dates and
availability in your cover letter.
Page 12 of 17

MEM-425-17

The Office of the House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (LA-01) is looking for full
and part-time interns for the Spring 2018 semester. The internship will offer
students and young professionals invaluable experience with our nation’s
legislative process, along with exposure to the fast pace of a congressional
leadership office. Interns contribute to the daily operations of the office and are
expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times. Duties include (but
are not limited to) greeting visitors, answering phones, leading tours of the
Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings, performing legislative
research, and various other tasks to assist staff. At the beginning of the legislative
week, interns are expected to work into the evening to assist staff in facilitating
member meetings. Congressman Scalise supports students requesting credit for
their internship through their university. If interested, please submit a resume,
cover letter, and two references to interns.majoritywhip@gmail.com.

MEM-424-17

The Office of Congressman Mark Pocan (D-WI) is seeking full and part-time
interns in our Washington, D.C. office. Interns in our office perform legislative
and administrative work while gaining valuable career and educational
experience. Specific duties include drafting constituent correspondence, attending
policy briefings and committee hearings, performing legislative research,
producing daily press clips, leading Capitol tours, and supporting staff members
on various projects of interest.
Qualified candidates are organized and detail-oriented, responsible, willing to
learn, able to work cooperatively, possess strong oral and written communication
skills, and are committed to public service. Wisconsin ties are a plus! All
internships are unpaid. Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please visit https://pocan.house.gov/services/internships or email
andrew.o’neill@mail.house.gov for more information.

MEM-423-17

The Office of the Representative Linda Sánchez is currently accepting
applications for a full-time internship. Ideal candidates will possess excellent
communication skills, a strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a fastpaced environment, and a good sense of humor. Primary responsibilities will
include processing mail, greeting visitors, answering phones, leading Capitol
tours, attending briefings, drafting memos and constituent correspondence, and
assisting staff with various administrative tasks. Southern California ties are
preferred, but not required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, a one-page writing
sample, and dates of availability to DCInternship.CA38@mail.house.gov with
“CA38 Internship” in the subject line.

Page 13 of 17

MEM-422-17

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Spring 2018. Duties will include conducting
legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are
preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to md06.internships@mail.house.gov by November 30, 2017 with “Spring
Congressional Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-421-17

The Office of Congresswoman Norton (DC-00) has openings for full-time and
part-time Congressional interns. Interns assist with office operations including
the execution of the Member’s daily schedule. Responsibilities include:
researching legislative issues, attending legislative briefings and hearings,
answering phone calls, processing constituent mail, giving Capitol tours, assisting
with communications and media materials.
Applicants should be enthusiastic, reliable, professional, hardworking, and have
strong writing and communication skills. Washington D.C. ties are required.
Internships begin in January and run through the spring semester. These positions
are unpaid. Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and onepage writing sample to Camilo.Manjarres@mail.house.gov. Interns are accepted
on a rolling basis.

MEM-418-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25) is
seeking a full-time press intern to work with the communications team in the
Congresswoman’s personal and Rules Committee offices for the Spring 2018
semester.
The press intern will work directly with an award-winning communications staff
to carry out responsibilities including – but not limited to – creating digital
content, developing press lists, collecting and distributing press clips,
drafting press releases, and contacting reporters. Special skills such as
photography or graphic design are a plus. Standard schedule begins with
aggregating news clips at 8:00 am and ends at 4:00 pm.
Congresswoman Slaughter is the top Democrat on the House Committee on
Rules. The Rules Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major
legislation before it can be considered on the House Floor and is a hotbed of
activity.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample, and if
applicable, a portfolio sample to Sam Menchel
Page 14 of 17

at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to contact
Sam at 202-225-3615 with any questions.
MEM-417-17

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter (D-NY) is
offering spring 2018 internship opportunities for college students and recent
college graduates. First-hand experience interning in Congresswoman Slaughter’s
office provides a unique opportunity to understand the development and
implementation of public policy. Intern responsibilities include drafting letters to
constituents, attending committee hearings, writing summary briefs, researching
various issues for the legislative staff, and assisting with additional office duties.
Interns are matched based on their policy interests with a legislative staffer and
together they develop substantive projects that allow interns the chance to
increase their knowledge of a subject area and better understand how the federal
government works. Interns will also gain unique insight into the legislative
process and parliamentary procedure as a result of Congresswoman Slaughter’s
position as the ranking member of the House Rules Committee.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one to three page writing
sample to Sam Menchel at NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do
not hesitate to contact Sam at (202) 225-3615 with any questions.

MEM-416-17

The Majority House Homeland Security Committee is now accepting
applications for a spring 2018 unpaid PRESS intern to assist in a fast-paced
communications operation.
All candidates should be hardworking, professional, detail-oriented and possess
strong written & oral communication skills.
Intern duties may include:
Daily press clips
Drafting content for media distribution
Drafting messaging and talking point memos
Assisting with social media monitoring & content development
Conducting research for communications and legislative staff
Building press lists
Event photography
- …. & more!
To apply for a spring 2018 internship with the Homeland Security Committee
press shop, please submit the following materials.
•
•

Current resume and cover letter
2 references

Page 15 of 17

Please submit all forms in PDF format and with title,
“LastName_FirstName_DocumentType”. For example, your resume would be
saved as “Doe_John_Resume” and your cover letter would be saved as
“Doe_John_CoverLetter.” Please then email the above documents to
Resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov and include “Press Spring Internship Program”
in the subject line of the email.
MEM-415-17

Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking interns to work in his
Washington, DC office for the Spring semester. Intern responsibilities include
greeting guests in the front office, opening and sorting mail, guiding Capitol
building tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have
the opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events. Ideal candidates have a
positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication
skills. Those interested should send their resume and cover letter to
adrienne.schrodt@mail.house.gov. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis,
so there is currently no deadline to apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted
to accommodate other work/class schedules. State ties preferred but not required.

MEM-414-17

House Foreign Affairs Committee Ranking Member Eliot Engel’s office (NY-16)
seeks candidates who have an interest in the legislative process and in helping
constituent. Interns must possess solid writing, communication skills and
professionalism. Interns work directly with legislative assistants, field
representatives and the press team. This internship presents an opportunity for
both a unique learning experience and an inside look at the political
process. Most candidates are college students or recent graduates. To achieve
maximum benefit, most interns devote at least 25 hours a week to the office. NY
ties preferred, but not mandatory.
If you would like to be considered for a position, please email your resume and
cover letter to Engel.Internship@mail.house.gov. In your application, be sure to
include the semester and/or dates you would be available to intern.

MEM-413-17

The office of Representative Bruce Poliquin is accepting applications for unpaid
internships in Washington, D.C. The internship will offer students and young
professionals invaluable experience with the legislative process. Interns work side
by side with experienced full-time staff, and play an integral part in the daily
operations of the office. A typical day for our interns includes welcoming folks to
the office, researching legislation for the Congressman and policy staff, and
answering constituent calls and letters on various issues before the House. Ties to
Maine are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their
resume and cover letter to Poliquin.internship@mail.house.gov.

MEM-412-17

The Office of Congressman Al Lawson (FL-05), is seeking full – or part – time
interns for Fall ’17, and Spring and Summer ’18 semesters in the Washington
D.C. office. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting in legislative
Page 16 of 17

research, answering phone calls, attending briefings, greeting front office visitors,
and leading tours of the Capitol. Ideal candidates will have a strong attention to
detail, an enthusiasm for the political and congressional processes, strong writing
skills, and the ability to thrive in an energetic office environment. To apply,
please send a resume, cover letter, short writing sample (1-2 pages), and work
availability to amber.milenkevich@mail.house.gov..
MEM-411-17

Congressman Michael E. Capuano is looking for interns to join his Washington,
D.C. team for a full-time, unpaid internship during spring 2018, for a duration of
three months or longer.
Candidates should be self-starters and able to exercise good judgment on a wide
range of assignments in a fast-paced and busy office. Very strong writing skills
with close attention to detail and a courteous demeanor are essential.
Main responsibilities include: answering phone calls, attending briefings and
writing memos, processing mail and leading tours of the U.S. Capitol. A hardworking intern in our office will eventually move on to assisting staff with more
complex, legislative projects. Candidates with Massachusetts ties and previous
internship and/or work experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email a one-page writing sample, resume and cover letter in PDF format to
capuano.intern1@mail.house.gov.

MEM-350-17

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Doris Matsui (CA-06) is seeking
motivated, organized, and reliable interns to fill Fall and Spring
positions. Successful candidates will possess excellent written and oral
communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability to work in a fastpaced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political process and
congressional affairs. Intern responsibilities include, but are not limited to,
answering phones, conducting Capitol tours, attending briefings, conducting
legislative research and performing other administrative tasks as
necessary. California ties are a plus.
Please send a resume, cover letter and dates of availability to
Robert.Clark@mail.house.gov with “Internship” in the subject line.

Page 17 of 17

