________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 18, 2017

MEM-506-17

Congressman John Garamendi (CA-03) is seeking a highly motivated intern to
join his Washington, DC office this winter. Candidates should be professional,
quick learners, and phenomenal team players, and should be able to begin in
January 2018. Strong oral and written communication skills and close attention to
detail are imperative. Duties include assisting staff with legislative,
administrative, and press related projects, writing memos and talking points,
attending hearings and meetings, answering constituent phone calls, leading tours
of the US Capitol, assisting with scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and
managing tour and flag requests.
Interns are considered an integral part of the team and are given the opportunity
to learn and grow through working with us both to achieve the goals of the office
and to pursue and develop their areas of interest. First-hand experience in
Congressman Garamendi’s congressional office provides interns with an
unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the development of public policy.
Full-time candidates with California ties and previous internship/work experience
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume, cover letter and dates
of availability to Garamendi.Internships@mail.house.gov.

Page 1 of 11

MEM-504-17

California Democratic Member is seeking a qualified applicant for an internship
position in his Capitol Office. Responsibilities include corresponding with
constituents, leading tours of the Capitol, assisting with projects including press
and legislative research, and administrative duties as needed. The staff member
will have the opportunity to attend briefings and hearings on the Hill as well as
network and learn from senior staff. Candidates should be detail oriented, possess
strong oral and written communication skills, and have an ability to multitask and
be flexible in a fast-paced environment. Multilingual applicants, particularly
those speaking Spanish, are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should
apply at the following link:
https://vargas.house.gov/services/internships/congressional-internshipapplication.

MEM-503-17

Congressman Ed Perlmutter seeks an intern to conduct administrative duties in
his Washington, DC office. The successful candidate must be a strong team
player, polite and friendly with constituents, and willing to assist other staff
members in various items. Colorado connections are highly preferred.
Primary Responsibilities: Responsible for greeting guests, taking/distributing
messages appropriately, taking care of general office needs, writing memos and
letters to constituents, attending briefings for staff and performing back-up duties
as necessary. This person will also be expected as needed to conduct personal
tours for constituents and assist them on their visit to D.C. Additional
responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Communicate with constituents over the phone.
Conduct personal tours of the Capitol.
Interact with constituent outreach program, Fire Side.
Attend hearings and briefings for staff.
Respond to constituent requests for information.
Perform general administrative duties.
Sit in on meetings with staff and outside organizations.
Work with other staff members on writing letters to constituents.
Intern Project: Research legislation and pitch co-sponsorship to
Congressman Perlmutter.

Please send a résumé and cover letter via email to tia.bogeljic@mail.house.gov.
Location: Washington, D.C.
MEM-502-17

The Office of Congressman Al Lawson (FL-05), is seeking full – or part – time
interns for Spring and Summer ’18 semesters in the Washington D.C. office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting in legislative research,
answering phone calls, attending briefings, greeting front office visitors, and
leading tours of the Capitol. Ideal candidates will have a strong attention to detail,
an enthusiasm for the political and congressional processes, strong writing skills,
Page 2 of 11

and the ability to thrive in an energetic office environment. To apply, please send
a resume, cover letter, short writing sample (1-2 pages), and work availability to
amber.milenkevich@mail.house.gov.
MEM-501-17

The Office of Representative Nydia Velázquez (NY-7) is seeking candidates to
intern in the Washington, D.C. office from January through May 2018. Interns’
responsibilities will include a wide range of tasks including: answering phones,
greeting visitors, drafting letters, researching policy matters for the Member and
legislative staff, and responding to constituent letters and requests. Candidates
should have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and have excellent
interpersonal skills. Strong writing skills are a plus. As Ranking Member of the
Committee on Small Business, some interns may be assigned to the Committee
on Small Business.
To apply to intern in the DC office, please send your resume to
Melissa.Jung@mail.house.gov. Due to the high volume of applicants, a response
is not guaranteed. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-500-17

West Coast Republican seeks a highly motivated individual with exceptional
organizational skills and multitasking ability to serve as a paid intern in their
Washington, D.C. office. This position requires an individual to provide excellent
constituent service. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: greeting
constituents and meetings, tours and other information, answering telephone calls
and taking messages, processing mail, maintaining the front office, and general
office administrative duties. The successful candidate must be courteous and
work well in a team environment. Please e-mail your resume and cover letter to
westcoastgopinternship@gmail.com.

MEM-499-17

Rep. Steve Womack (AR-03)
Congressman Steve Womack is currently seeking hard-working interns in his
Washington, D.C. office for the Spring 2018 semester. Interns will work closely
with Congressman Womack’s staff and constituents while learning the inner
workings of the United States Congress and about issues affecting
Arkansans. Duties include, but are not limited to, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, sorting constituent mail, answering phones, attending hearings and
briefings, and assisting staff members. Those interested in political science,
government, public policy, business, and social work are encouraged to
apply. Congressman Womack is a member of the Appropriations Committee,
and serves on the Defense, Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related
Agencies, and Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related
Agencies subcommittees. He also sits on the Budget Committee. Any interested
candidates should send a current resume and cover letter to
hannah.shea@mail.house.gov.

MEM-498-17

The office of Congressman Jeb Hensarling (TX-05) is seeking capable, detailoriented, and responsible candidates for an unpaid internship in their
Washington, D.C. office this fall. Responsibilities include greeting visitors,
Page 3 of 11

taking phone calls, giving tours of the Capitol to constituents, sorting mail, and
assisting the staff with various administrative and legislative tasks.
Candidates should demonstrate excellent organizational and interpersonal skills,
as well as a strong work ethic and positive attitude. Interns will have the
opportunity to learn a great deal about the political process and our system of
government. Hours for interns are 8:30am to 6:00pm when Congress is in
session, and 9:00am to 5:00pm out of session, Monday through Friday.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter to
Hensarling.Tours@mail.house.gov. Use the subject line: Spring 2017 Internship
Application. Texas ties are strongly preferred.
MEM-497-17

A Georgia Republican office is accepting applications for internship positions
for our Washington, D.C. location. Positions are available beginning in January
and will last until May. Duties include, but are not limited to, attending
Congressional hearings, researching legislative policy, responding to constituent
inquires, and leading tours of the Capitol. Qualified applicants should possess a
professional and courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability
to multi-task, attention to detail, and interest in the legislative process. All majors
are encouraged to apply. Please send your resume and a cover letter to
GA06Interns@mail.house.gov.

MEM-496-17

Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) is seeking applications
for internship positions available in his Washington, D.C. office. Positions are
available starting immediately, and applications will be considered on a rolling
basis. This internship provides a great opportunity to gain experience working in
a Congressional office and get a first-hand look at the legislative process.
Intern duties include performing research for staffers, supporting legislative and
communications activities, helping with front office operations, assisting with
constituent relations, and giving tours of the Capitol. Candidates should be selfstarters with excellent communication skills, the ability to multitask effectively
and think critically, attention to detail, and an interest in the legislative and
governmental process.
This internship presents an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. Southern California ties are preferred,
but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color,
national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Women and
minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should email a
resume and cover letter to CA34.internship@mail.house.gov with “Internship
Application” in the subject line.

MEM-493-17

Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or part-time unpaid
congressional internship for Spring 2018. Duties will include conducting
Page 4 of 11

legislative research, drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and
performing basic administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. Maryland residents or strong ties to Maryland are
preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to md06.internships@mail.house.gov with “Spring Congressional Internship” in
the subject line.
MEM-492-17

Internships are offered in Congressman Keith Rothfus’ Washington, D.C. office
during the spring, summer, and fall semesters. Currently, we are accepting
resumes for Sping and Summer 2017. Hours can be flexible to accommodate
student course schedules, but generally run 9:00AM – 6:00PM. Internships are
unpaid and academic credit may be available depending on the student’s
academic institution. Duties will include, but are not limited to: answering
phones, leading constituent tours, processing mail, researching issues, drafting
correspondence, attending hearings and briefings, and maintaining the front
office. Qualified candidates should have excellent writing and communication
skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced working environment, and have an
interest in the legislative process. Students may email resumes to
kirsten.hasler@mail.house.gov. Pennsylvania ties are preferred, but not required.

MEM-491-17

Congressman José E. Serrano is currently seeking interns for the Winter/Spring
term for his Washington, D.C. office! We are looking for energetic and driven
individuals who are eager to learn. Congressman Serrano represents New York’s
15th Congressional District and serves on the Appropriations Committee.
Candidates must be self-starters, detail oriented, have excellent writing and
communication skills, and be able to multi-task. The internship involves
researching legislative issues, assisting with incoming mail, attending lectures
and hearings, giving Capitol tours, working with legislative staff on special
projects and assisting with other general office duties. Please note that this is an
unpaid internship, if you are seeking college credit our office would be happy to
assist in that. New York ties a plus, but not necessary. Please email your cover
letter and resume to Alexis.Philbrick@mail.house.gov with Winter/Spring
Internship in the subject line.

MEM-488-17

New Jersey Democrat seeking interns for the spring semester (Jan through May
2018).
Qualified candidates will be organized, motivated self-starters, with strong
communication and writing skills. Day-to-day duties include assisting with front
office operations which includes greeting visitors, opening and sorting mail,
answering phones, and conducting Capitol tours. Interns will also attend hearings
and briefings and conduct research for staff. This internship is unpaid. Please
send cover letter, resume, and a one page writing sample
to: nj08jobs@gmail.com. Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins.

Page 5 of 11

MEM-487-17

The office of Congressman Brad Wenstrup (R-OH) is currently seeking
conservative, highly motivated, and organized applicants for a full or part-time
unpaid internship for a start date beginning (date Jan-May), with flexible start
and end dates.
Candidates should possess interest in the legislative process, excellent
communication skills, and attention to detail. Responsibilities will mostly
include, but are not limited to: answering phones, leading tours of the U.S.
Capitol, attending and summarizing hearings and/or briefings for legislative staff,
and performing various administrative tasks. Ohio ties are preferred, but are not
required. The months of the internship may vary depending on the availability or
school schedule of the applicant. If interested, please send a resume and cover
letter to oh02interns@gmail.com with "2018 Spring Internship" in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins will be accepted.

MEM-486-17

Virginia Republican Congressman is seeking interns for their Washington, D.C.
office for the spring and summer of 2017. Responsibilities will vary, but
candidates will be expected to answer phones, batch incoming correspondence,
draft constituent correspondence, run errands, research legislation, take
constituents on tours of the Capitol, attend legislative briefings and professional
development courses. All internships are unpaid, work hours are Monday-Friday
9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. for full-time interns, hours may vary to accommodate fulltime students. All interns will be expected to complete anti-sexual harassment
training.
Interested applications will be currently enrolled college students and/or recent
college graduates with Virginia ties. Please send a cover letter in the body of an
email; a resume, and 1-2 writing samples (no longer than 3 pages) and at least 2
academic or professional references in .pdf format
to VirginiaHouseIntern@Gmail.com.

MEM-484-17

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Patrick McHenry (NC-10) is
seeking applicants for a full-time internship starting in January. The individual
should be able to multi-task and be prepared to work in a fast-paced office. Some
responsibilities include answering phones, attending briefing, guiding tours of the
Capitol, assisting with constituent correspondence and mail, and working on
various projects for the staff. North Carolina ties are encouraged, but not
required. In order to apply, please send NC10interns@gmail.com a resume and
cover letter with “Intern Application” in the subject line.

MEM-482-17

The Office of Congressman Donald Norcross (NJ-01) is seeking qualified interns
for our Washington, D.C. Office this Spring 2018.
Responsibilities include:
• Compiling research on targeted issues and assisting with staff-led
projects.
• Leading staff-guided tours of the Capitol building for constituents.
Page 6 of 11

•

Interns will be trained in the responsibilities of all levels of government so
that they may best aid constituents.
• Participate in events in the along with staff.
• Answering phones and responding to constituent requests.
• Work schedules generally run 9:00am to 5:00pm; however, hours are
flexible to accommodate students’ courses or work schedules.
• It is expected for interns to complete 30-40 hours weekly over the course
of the semester. However, we are willing to except part-time interns based
on space, availability and schedule.
Qualifications:
• Prospective applications should be highly motivated self-starters, eager to
learn about the work of a United States Congressman and the mechanisms
of the federal government. We are looking for individuals with an
excellent work ethic, ability to work with constituents and most
importantly, a willingness to learn. New Jersey ties are preferred but not
required.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter and short writing sample
to shallum.atkinson@mail.house.gov.
MEM-480-17

Ohio Democrat is seeking interns for the winter/spring semester of 2018. Interns
will work in a fast-paced Congressional Office, gaining valuable exposure and
knowledge of the legislative process and the United States Congress. Interns will
have the opportunity to conduct legislative research, assist with correspondence,
as well as attend some Capitol Hill briefings, congressional hearings, and press
events. Responsibilities will include handling constituent phone calls, opening
and sorting mail, giving Capitol Tours, and assisting staff with administrative
tasks. This internship is unpaid. Qualifications: Interns must have a pleasant
attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written and oral communication skills.
Successful interns will be able to find information with little assistance, be able to
work both independently as well as part of a team, and have strong attention to
detail.
9th District Ohio ties a plus!
Please email Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov
<mailto:Courtney.hruska@Mail.house.gov> with cover letter and
resume. Availability must be in cover letter. All components must be submitted
for consideration.

MEM-477-17

Congressman Barton’s D.C. office is seeking full-time interns for the spring of
2018. While this position is unpaid, your time here will strengthen your
understanding of the legislative process and give you invaluable experience of the
operations necessary to be an effective member of a Congressional team. Intern
Page 7 of 11

responsibilities include, but are not limited to, phone assistance, conducting tours
of the U.S. Capitol, researching federal legislation and assisting legislative staff
in various research projects. Interns will also have the opportunity to attend
legislative briefings, congressional hearings and receptions on Capitol Hill.
Candidates with a strong work ethic and great communication skills are
encouraged to apply. Applicants must be highly motivated, have excellent oral
and written communication skills, be able to accomplish a variety of tasks and
pitch in where needed, and be responsible, dependable and eager to learn. Ties to
Texas are preferred, but not required. Interested candidates should send their
resume and cover letter to caroline.waller@mail.house.gov.
MEM-475-17

The Washington, DC office of Congressman Patrick Meehan (PA-7), a
Republican Member of the Ways & Means Committee, is currently accepting
intern applications for Spring 2018. Intern responsibilities include researching
legislation for the Member and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings,
answering phones, day to day office duties, and answering constituent messages
on various issues before the House of Representatives. As a result, interns learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office. The hours are flexible, but generally run 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM when
Congress is in session, and 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM when not in session. Ties to
Pennsylvania are preferred but not required. Please note, this internship is unpaid
but we will work with candidates seeking course credit for their work.
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and brief (3-page
maximum) writing sample. The cover letter should detail why you would like to
intern with Congressman Meehan's Office. Application materials should be sent
to clay.bryan@mail.house.gov with "Meehan DC Internship" in the subject line.
No calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-470-17

The office of Congresswoman Terri A. Sewell (D-AL) is seeking a full time
Press and Digital Intern to start in January of 2018 and stay with the office
through May.
Internship Description:
• Learn how to write emails and campaign actions that you’ll send to over
100,000 constituents
• Design and curate content for social media and connect with our local and
national audience
• Work side-by-side with our Press Secretary, learning the ropes of digital
content production and press outreach
• Assist in traditional media outreach to newspapers, television and other
media outlets
• Analyze the results of your work and report on successes and failures
Qualifications:

Page 8 of 11

•
•
•
•
•

Passion for working to address issues of voting rights, health care,
education, and job growth
Writing experience; ability to communicate message in concise and
compelling manner
Understanding of what makes online content both shareable and
persuasive, including blogs and social media
Interest in graphic design/infographic design
Some experience with photography, and in HTML, Microsoft Word, and
Excel

To Apply:
Send your resume and cover letter to Sewell.Press@mail.house.gov
MEM-469-17

Congressman Charlie Crist (FL-13) seeks current college students or recent
graduates wishing to gain Capitol Hill experience in a fast-paced office for a fulltime or part-time internship for Winter 2018. We are seeking motivated,
organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff
with day-to-day duties. Such duties include attending briefings, answering
phones, giving Capitol tours, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
performing legislative research and analysis, and various other tasks. Florida ties
are encouraged but not required. Please send resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample to FL13Internships@mail.house.gov.

MEM-468-17

Congressman Dave Loebsack (IA/02/D) is currently hiring spring interns for his
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include answering phones, sorting
mail and faxes, giving tours of the Capitol, assisting with constituent
correspondence, and providing general office support as needed. Intern
candidates should be current or recent college students, regardless of major but
with an interest in Congress and the legislative process. Full time availability is
preferred, but part-time candidates are encouraged to apply as well.
To apply please email your cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to
LoebsackInternship@mail.house.gov. Please include any Iowa connections in
the body of the email. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-467-17

California Republican is currently accepting applications for full/part-time
interns in his Washington, D.C. office. We are seeking highly qualified
candidates who are personable, detail-oriented, and motivated. In the office,
intern responsibilities will vary. Interns will be asked to answer the phones, give
tours of the Capitol Building, run errands, assist with constituent communication,
research legislation for the Member and legislative staff, and attend hearings and
briefings. Interns will learn about the legislative process and the many other
functions of a congressional office. Internships are unpaid but the office will
provide any necessary assistance for students to receive academic credit at their
respective college or university. Interested candidates should email a resume and
cover letter to CAGOPInternship@gmail.com.
Page 9 of 11

MEM-465-17

The office of Congressman Buchanan is seeking full time interns for an
immediate start.
Job Description
Our internship program offers interns a chance to learn and work on the hill and
see how the highest levels of government work. Being the office of a senior
member of the House Ways and Means Committee, interns will have exposure to
healthcare, tax, and trade issues. Interns will assist staff with legislative projects,
attend briefings and hearings, and assist with maintaining data bases. Interns will
also work on a policy proposal under the guidance of staff and will present their
policy proposal at the end of their internship.
Interns will also have the chance to attend briefings independently and on the
behalf of staff. At the end of the internship, interns will have a firm understanding
of how Capitol Hill works, a bespoke policy proposal, and full understanding of
how the legislative process works.
Required Skills
• good oral and written communication skills;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• good organizational skills; and
• responsible, dependable and willing to learn
Application instructions
Please email your resume and available start date to lewis.plush@mail.house.gov.

MEM-464-17

The Washington, D.C. office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle (PA-13) is
seeking motivated, organized, and reliable interns for the upcoming spring
semester. Interns will work closely with the Congressman’s legislative and
communications teams to conduct research, draft letters and press releases,
answer constituent phone calls, sort mail, attend briefings, and perform other
administrative tasks as necessary. Successful applicants will possess excellent
written and oral communication skills, a strong attentiveness to detail, an ability
to work in a fast-paced environment, and an eagerness to learn about the political
process and congressional affairs. Candidates with an interest in issues associated
with the Congressman’s membership on the House Foreign Affairs Committee or
House Budget Committee are encouraged to apply. Please send a resume, cover
letter and dates of availability to Perry.Goffner@mail.house.gov with “Name Internship Application” in the subject line.

MEM-462-17

The Office of Representative Ro Khanna (CA-17) is seeking qualified candidates
to intern in the Washington, D.C. office from early January through late April to
early May of 2018. Although internships are unpaid, students gain invaluable
work experience on Capitol Hill. The hours can be flexible to accommodate
students' evening schedules but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. when

Page 10 of 11

Congress is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in session. Interns are
expected to be in the office at least 35 hours per week.
Interns’ responsibilities will vary. They will be asked to answer phones, run
errands, draft content for the communications team, research legislation for the
Member and legislative staff, attend hearings and briefings, and answer
constituent letters on various issues before the House. As a result, interns learn
about the legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional
office.
Candidates should have excellent writing and communication skills, strong
organizational abilities, a good work ethic, an ability to work independently, and
a drive to take initiative. Candidates with ties to California are preferred, but not
required.
To apply to intern in the DC office, please send your resume, a short writing
sample, and your dates and times of availability to
ca17dcinterns.resumes@mail.house.gov. Due to the high volume of applicants, a
response is not guaranteed. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.

Page 11 of 11

