________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
______________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 17, 2014
MEM-164-14

A Democratic California Congressman is seeking highly motivated
interns to join his Washington, DC office for a part or full time unpaid
internship for the summer term (May-August). Candidates should be
organized, professional, quick learners, and team players. Strong oral
and written communication skills and close attention to detail are
important. Main responsibilities include but are not limited to assisting
staff with legislative, administrative, and press related projects, writing
memos and talking points, attending hearings and meetings, answering
constituent phone calls, leading tours of the US Capitol, assisting with
scheduling, sorting and distributing mail, and managing tour and flag
requests. Candidates with California ties and previous internship/work
experience are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a resume
and cover letter to Intern.Resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-163-14

The Washington, DC office of Congresswoman Carolyn McCarthy
(NY-04) is currently seeking interns for the 2014 summer semester.
Qualified candidates must possess an interest in the legislative process,
Page 1 of 10

excellent writing and communication skills, and a desire to work in the
fast-paced environment of Capitol Hill. Ideal candidates will be
professional, dependable, highly-motivated, and adept at multi-tasking.
Responsibilities will include – but are not limited to – communicating
with constituents via phone, drafting constituent correspondence,
performing research requests, leading tours of the U.S. Capitol, and
administrative work. Interns will also work closely with staff and have
the opportunity to attend briefings, hearings, and other events on
Capitol Hill.
Students or recent graduates with ties to New York State – especially
the Fourth Congressional District and Long Island – are encouraged to
apply. Full- and part-time candidates will be considered. The internship
is unpaid.
To apply, please send a cover letter which includes your weekly
availability, a résumé, and a short 1-2 page writing sample to Marcus
Garza at Marcus.Garza@mail.house.gov with “summer 2014
internship” in the subject line.
MEM-162-14

The Office of Congressman McClintock (CA-04) is seeking full or
part-time summer interns for his Washington, D.C. office. Applicants
should possess conservative values, as well as strong written and verbal
communication skills. Interns will gain first-hand experience in the
operation and management of a Congressional office. Internship duties
include attending Congressional hearings, leading U.S. Capitol tours,
answering phones, managing constituent mail database, drafting
constituent correspondence, and assisting legislative staff with research.
Those with ties to California are encouraged to apply. Interested
applicants should send their resume, availability, and a brief cover
letter summarizing their interest in working for Congressman
McClintock to Rachel.Long@mail.house.gov. Please use “2014
Summer Internship” in the subject line. No phone calls, drop-ins, or
faxes please.

MEM-161-14

Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (D-FL) is seeking a highly-motivated,
self-starting and detail-orientated individual to begin immediately in his
internship program. Opportunities include answering phones,
processing mail, drafting constituent correspondence letters,
researching legislative issues, attending congressional
hearings/briefings/seminars, and assisting in administrative operations.
The internship is unpaid. Work may qualify for academic credit,
depending on the requisites of the college or university.

Page 2 of 10

Please e-mail your cover letter, resume and a short writing sample to
Christian Sy at christian.sy@mail.house.gov
MEM-160-14

The office of Congressman Jeff Denham (CA-10) seeks a motivated,
organized, reliable and detail-oriented college student or recent
graduate for a full- or part-time paid press internship in Washington,
D.C. The press intern will assist the communications director in
drafting statements and releases, creating graphics, compiling daily
clips, preparing remarks and implementing social media strategies.
Press intern may also assist other staff with various tasks, including
answering phones, conducting tours and doing legislative research.
Ideal candidate will have a thorough knowledge of AP style, strong
writing skills and graphic design experience. Familiarity with Spanish
language preferred but not required.
Please send your resume, cover letter and a brief writing sample to
Jordan.langdon@mail.house.gov.

MEM-159-14

Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-03) is looking for unpaid
summer interns for his Washington D.C. office, available to start in
May and lasting through August. Applicants should possess
conservative values, be personable, and have strong writing
skills. Duties include performing administrative tasks, attending
Congressional hearings, leading Capitol tours for constituents, and
helping legislative staff with research on important projects. Interns
will also have the opportunity to work on issues that interest him or
her. This position is great for Capitol Hill experience. Start and end
dates are negotiable and both part/full-time positions are
available. Interested applicants should send resume and brief cover
letter summarizing their interest in working for Rep. Luetkemeyer to
Lucas.West@mail.house.gov with “Summer Internship” as the
subject.

MEM-158-14

Congressman Jerry McNerney (CA-09) is currently accepting
applications for internship positions in his Washington D.C. office.
This unpaid internship will provide valuable hands-on experience in a
Congressional office and a greater understanding of the legislative
process. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, attending
Congressional briefings, giving tours of the Capitol, conducting
research, responding to constituent inquiries, and processing tour and
flag requests. Qualified applicants should possess a professional and
courteous demeanor, excellent communication skills, the ability to
multi-task, fastidious attention to detail, and interest in the legislative
and governmental process.
This is an excellent opportunity for college students and recent
Page 3 of 10

graduates seeking Capitol Hill experience. All majors are encouraged
to apply. Ties to California’s Ninth Congressional District are
preferred, but not required. Interested applicants should email a resume
and cover letter to nick.sullivan@mail.house.gov with “CA-09
Internship” in the subject line. Include dates of availability.
MEM-157-14

Moderate Democrat from California is currently seeking qualified
applicants to join office as unpaid legislative interns and fellows for
Spring and Summer 2014 policy to assist with health
policy. Applicants should have a familiarity with the legislative
process and have a desire to learn while being a part of a hardworking
team. Ideal candidates will possess strong writing and verbal
communication skills, a demonstrated interest in legislative issues, the
ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an enthusiastic attitude.
Legislative tasks may include, but are not limited to, legislative
research, assembling information, memo and legislative writing, and
attending hearings, markups, briefings and meetings for the purpose of
taking notes. Applicants should be able to start in April/May and
commit through July. Internship may lead to paid
opportunities. Interested applicants should email their resume and
cover letter to Info.CA35@mail.house.gov.

MEM-156-14

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene, representing the 1st congressional
district of Washington state, seeks interns for her Washington, D.C.
office. Interns will work in a fast-paced congressional office, gaining
valuable experience and knowledge of the United States
Congress. Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and
handling constituent phone calls, assisting staff with administrative
tasks, conducting research, and assisting with constituent
correspondence. Interns will have the opportunity to lead tours of the
U.S. Capitol as well as attend hearings and briefings for the legislative
staff. The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral
communication skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a
strong interest in public service. Washington state ties are a plus, but
are not required. To apply, please send a resume and cover letter to
internship.delbene@mail.house.gov.

MEM-155-14

The office of Congresswoman Susan Davis (CA-53) has an immediate
opening for interns in Washington, DC on a full or part-time basis.
Qualified candidates must be highly motivated, well-organized, detailoriented, and possess excellent communication skills. The ability to
work in teams and use good judgment is critical. Duties will include
helping staff with correspondence and research, greeting guests,
answering phones, scheduling tours and assisting with other frontoffice duties. Interns will also be able to work on projects and attend
briefings based on their policy interests. Proficiency in Microsoft
Page 4 of 10

Office is required. All interested applicants should send a cover letter,
resume, and writing sample to CA53DCInternApp@mail.house.gov.
MEM-154-14

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democrats is
currently seeking graduate and legal interns and fellows, for summer
2014, to work with labor policy staff. Legislative tasks may include,
but are not limited to, legislative research, assembling information,
assisting staff in hearing and markup preparation and execution, memo
and legislative writing, and attending other hearings, markups, briefings
and meetings for the purpose of taking notes. Applicants should be
able to start in April/May and commit through July. Interested
applicants should email their application materials to
jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. Please include with your resume, a
cover letter, the internship applicant information form and two short,
relevant writing samples. Please visit our website at
http://democrats.edworkforce.house.gov/about/internships for more
information.

MEM-153-14

Progressive Maryland Democrat seeks qualified interns to join her
Washington, D.C. office for an unpaid legislative internship during
the Summer 2014 term. Applicants should have a familiarity with the
legislative process and have a desire to learn while being a part of a
hardworking team. Ideal candidates will possess strong writing and
verbal communication skills, a demonstrated interest in legislative
issues, the ability to multi-task and conduct research, and an
enthusiastic attitude. Interns will have the opportunity to assist staff
with legislative and scheduling projects, attend briefings and hearings,
draft memos, sort and distribute mail, and give Capitol tours.
Candidates with Maryland ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Please
email a resume, cover letter stating your availability, and a brief and
relevant writing sample (maximum one page) by March 24th to
internship.md04@mail.house.gov.

MEM-152-14

The office of Congressman Raul Labrador (ID-01) is currently seeking
unpaid interns in the Washington, D.C. office for summer 2014.
Start/stop dates are flexible. Basic intern responsibilities include but are
not limited to answering phones, sorting mail, conducting tours of the
U.S. Capitol, and assisting staff on various projects. Interns will have
the opportunity to attend briefings and hearings of interest and see
firsthand how a congressional office operates. Ideal candidates will
have excellent research and writing abilities, be able to multi-task and
interact well with constituents. College students and recent graduates
will be considered. Course credit is available. Interested candidates
should direct their resume and cover letter to
bekah.demordaunt@mail.house.gov.

MEM-151-14

A Western Democratic Congressional Office seeks a motivated,
Page 5 of 10

organized, and reliable college student or recent graduate wishing to
gain Capitol Hill experience for a full/part-time, 10-week, unpaid press
internship in Washington, D.C.
The press intern will help create graphics, develop press lists, send
clips, prepare speeches, draft statements, and social media content.
Please send a single PDF file containing your resume, cover letter, and
a brief writing sample (preferably a press release or speech excerpt)
to NV04internships@gmail.com.
Please include in the body of the email a 3-5 sentence pitch for
yourself: Why do you want to work on the Hill? Why should we
choose you?
MEM-150-14

Senior, Progressive, Democratic Member has an opening for a paid
Legislative Fellow to assist the legislative staff with education,
women, tax, immigration, and veterans’ issues. This is not an entrylevel opportunity.
Ideal candidates are strong writers, with the ability to learn quickly,
multi-task, and work independently in a fluid environment. In
particular, applicants with great interpersonal skills and good humor are
welcome. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Please email a cover letter and resume to leg.job@mail.house.gov.
Applicants should be available to begin work immediately; no phone
calls, faxes, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-147-14

Moderate New York Democratic Congressman’s office is seeking a
full-time intern or fellow for the Congressman’s Washington, DC
office. The position begins immediately.
Qualified candidates will possess an interest in the legislative process,
superior writing and communication skills, and the desire to work in a
face-paced environment. Only full-time applicants will be considered.
Responsibilities will include managing the front office, communicating
with constituents, performing research requests, and administrative
work. Our office’s interns and fellows work closely with our staff and
should be professional, motivated and adept at multi-tasking.
Preference will be given to applicants from the State of New York.
Please send a cover letter stating your availability and a resume
to nydeminternships@gmail.com
Page 6 of 10

MEM-146-14

The office of Congresswoman Renee Ellmers (NC-02) is looking for
interns on a full or part-time basis. This internship would be located in
the Dunn, NC district office. A qualified candidate is highly motivated,
well-organized, responsible, and possesses good oral and written
communication skills and computer skills. Duties will include helping
staff with correspondence and research, as well as greeting guests,
answering phones, and assisting with other front-office
duties. Proficiency in Microsoft Office is required; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment
in responding to requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects. North Carolina ties are preferred. While this is an unpaid
internship, the office is happy to assist interns who qualify for
academic credit. All interested applicants should send a cover letter and
resume to Pat.Fitzgerald@mail.house.gov.

MEM-145-14

Internships – Congressman Benishek from Michigan’s First District
seeks unpaid interns to fill positions for March through May 2014.
Main responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail,
drafting constituent correspondence letters, researching legislative
issues, and attending meetings/hearings as needed. There will also be
opportunities to attend receptions and seminars of interest. Candidates
should be self-motivated, enthusiastic, flexible, and computer-literate
(with a good understanding of MS Office). This is a great opportunity
for college students seeking academic credit. Michigan ties are
preferred. Please e-mail your cover letter, resume, and references to
Samuel Grossman at samuel.grossman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-144-14

Moderate Democratic Congressman seeks applicants for full- or parttime unpaid congressional internship for Spring 2014 starting
immediately. Duties will include conducting legislative research,
drafting memos, assisting with front office duties, and performing basic
administrative tasks. Candidates must exhibit strong writing and
communication skills. San Diego residents or strong ties to California
are preferred. Please send a resume, cover letter and writing sample to
Internships.CA52@gmail.com with “Spring Congressional
Internship” in the subject line.

MEM-143-14

Internships are currently available in Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren’s
(D-CA) Washington, D.C. office for the 2014 Spring Semester.
Congresswoman Lofgren represents the 19th Congressional District,
which lies in the heart of California’s “Silicon Valley”.
Interns will receive a well-rounded experience in this office and will
have the chance to experience the fast-paced atmosphere of a busy
Congressional office and gain invaluable work experience.
Page 7 of 10

Responsibilities include answering phones, attending hearings and
briefings, researching legislation for legislative staff, answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House, and assisting
staff with projects as needed.
Applicants should be enthusiastic, reliable, hardworking, and should
possess excellent writing skills and the ability to function in a fastpaced environment. Full-time and part-time internship positions are
available. Part-time interns must work at least three full days a
week. Internships are unpaid. California ties are preferred but not
required. Spring internships start mid-March and run through May or
June 2014.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to the
Intern Coordinator at Angela.Ebiner@mail.house.gov.
MEM-142-14

The DC office of Congressman Derek Kilmer, hailing from
Washington’s 6th district, is looking for personable, diligent part-time
and full-time interns to start in mid-March through the spring (flexible
end date). This is an opportunity to learn about the inner-workings of a
congressional office on the Hill in a fast-paced work environment. The
internship allows access to briefings and interesting events related to a
wide range of important issues. Responsibilities include assisting with
constituent correspondence, producing daily press clips, and leading
tours of the Capitol. This is a unique opportunity and prime for students
who may be eventually interested in working in a congressional office
or for the federal government.
To apply, please send a resume, contact information for two references,
and cover letter outlining your interest in the position to
nwcongressionalinternship@gmail.com, and expect a response
within a week. We look forward to hearing from you!

MEM-141-14

The Washington, D.C. office of Congresswoman Louise M. Slaughter
(NY-25) is seeking a full-time press intern to work with
Congresswoman Slaughter’s communications team. The press
intern will work directly with the Press Secretary and Speechwriter &
Director of Online Communications to carry out responsibilities
including - but not limited to - creating graphics, developing press lists,
collecting and distributing press clips, drafting releases and
social media content, and contacting reporters.
While the position is unpaid, the office will work with universities to
accommodate applicants wishing to earn academic credit. First-hand
experience in the congressional office will provide a unique
opportunity into the functions of a fast-paced press operation for a
Page 8 of 10

senior Democratic member office. It will also offer a unique insight
into legislative and parliamentary procedure, as Congresswoman
Slaughter is Ranking Member of the Committee on Rules. The Rules
Committee determines the parameters of debate for all major legislation
before it can be considered on the House Floor, including which
amendments can be offered.
The ideal applicant will have strong graphic design skills, strong
writing skills and should be an avid consumer of political media.
Applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and a one-to-three
page writing sample to Jack Spasiano at
NY25.InternApplications@mail.house.gov. Please do not hesitate to
contact Jack at 202-225-3615 with any questions.
MEM-140-14

The Office of Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur (OH-09) is currently
seeking candidates for a part-time, unpaid internship in her
Washington, D.C. office to begin immediately. Candidates must be
highly motivated and self-driven, with skills in communication,
organization, and time management. Ties to the Ninth Congressional
district of Ohio are preferred, but not required. Please note that housing
is not provided during the duration of the internship.
Intern duties will include, but are not limited to: answering phones,
sorting mail, aiding in event planning, conducting research and
compiling information for the Member and legislative staff, and
attending hearings and briefings. Interns will have the opportunity to
gain first-hand knowledge of the workings of a Congressional office, to
learn about the legislative process, and to network on the Hill.
Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and writing
sample to KapturIntern@mail.house.gov, with “Spring Internship” in
the subject line. In your cover letter, please address your times and
dates of availability.

MEM-139-14

New Jersey Democratic Congressman Frank Pallone (NJ-06) seeks
part-time, unpaid interns to cover Tuesdays & Thursdays for the
remainder of the Spring 2014 semester. We are seeking personable,
hardworking and motivated individuals with excellent oral and written
communication skills. Job duties will include, but are not limited to:
answering phones, assisting staffers with general administrative duties,
attending briefings, drafting letters to constituents, and conducting
congressional research. New Jersey ties are required. A good sense of
humor is a plus. Please email a resume, cover letter, and brief writing
sample to nj06interns@gmail.com, and please include your dates and
times of availability. No phone calls please.

Page 9 of 10

MEM-138-14

New York Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) is seeking an unpaid
full time intern to start immediately and finish in late May. Full-time
is preferred but part-time candidates will be considered. Interns will:
 Assist with office administrative tasks including, sorting
incoming mail, greeting visitors, and answering the telephone.
 Assist in the preparation of constituent responses, bills, and
amendments.
 Perform legislative research.
 Respond to requests from constituents.
 Attend briefings, hearings, and special events where they may
have the opportunity to meet with Members of Congress,
leaders of industry, and the press.
 Gain valuable Hill experience and learn about the federal
legislative process.
Congressman Jerrold Nadler represents New York's 10th Congressional
District, which includes the residents of most of the Upper West Side,
Lower Manhattan and sections of Brooklyn. Congressman Nadler
serves on the Judiciary Committee and on the Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee, where he is the highest ranking member
from New York. He is the Ranking member of the Judiciary
Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice.
Applicant Instructions:
Please e-mail or fax a resume, brief cover letter, and 1-2 page writing
sample to: Email: Gabriella.Libby@mail.house.gov Fax: 202-2256923.

MEM-137-14

House Democratic office is seeking current college students or recent
college graduates for an unpaid Spring Internship. Duties will
include, but are not limited to answering phones, processing mail,
researching legislative issues, attending hearings and briefings, and
conducting tours of the Capitol. Ties to New York are preferred but not
required. If you are interested, e-mail a cover letter and resume to
Shane.Smith@mail.house.gov with “Spring Internship 2014” in the
subject line and include availability.

Page 10 of 10

