________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
INTERNSHIP VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 13, 2023

MEM-159-23

The office of Congressman Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is accepting applications for
part-time, paid internships for the Spring quarter.
The ideal candidate will have excellent communication skills, interest in the
legislative process, resourcefulness, and a willingness to learn in a fast-paced
environment. Ties to the Bay Area or California are preferred, but not required.
Responsibilities include answering phones, leading tours of the Capitol, drafting
constituent correspondence, attending policy briefings and hearings, and other
tasks as assigned. The Spring term begins mid-April and ends mid-June with
flexible start and end dates. Work will be in-person.
To apply, please submit a resume and cover letter as one PDF including
availability to MullinInternships@gmail.com. Email subject line should follow
the following format: LastName, FirstName – Spring Internship. Additionally,
please note any ties to the Bay Area or California in the body of your email.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

Page 1 of 22

MEM-157-23

Representative Vasquez (NM-02) is seeking qualified Summer 2023
Congressional Interns to work out of the Washington, DC office.
This internship is designed for college students, recent graduates and young
professionals. Applicants must be able to work in a fast-paced environment, have
dedication to public service, ability to multitask and attention to detail. New
Mexico ties are preferred, but not required.
Intern tasks may include, but are not limited to: answering phones, greeting office
visitors, scheduling and leading Capitol tours, logging constituent
correspondence, drafting letters, working on research projects, and attending
congressional briefings and hearings. Additionally, interns may have the
opportunity to specialize in either legislative or communications related
assignments, based on their interest.
This is a paid internship and interns are required to work minimum 30 hours a
week. Please apply at vasquez.house.gov/services/internships.
Internship applications are accepted on a rolling basis, but must be submitted by
midnight on March 19th, 2023.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-155-23

The Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe seeks candidates for its
Max Kampelman Fellowship program.
Kampelman Fellowships last three months, with fellows expected to work 30
hours per week. Fellows are paid $25 per hour and are offered ongoing
enrichment, professional development, and networking opportunities facilitated
by senior commission staff. Policy and communications fellowships are
available.
The Kampelman Fellowship program is open to recent undergraduates (the
beginning of the fellowship term should be less than one year since graduation),
current graduate students, and undergraduate students with previous internship
experience. All Kampelman Fellowship candidates should have a keen interest in
learning more about international affairs, the inner workings of Congress, and the
relationship between the legislative and executive branches in the realm of
foreign policy. Proficiency in a second OSCE language is an asset.
We are currently accepting applicants for Summer 2023 (May 22 – August 25):
Applications will be accepted from February 1st, 2023 to March 31st, instructions

Page 2 of 22

can be found at https://www.csce.gov/about-csce/join-our-team/max-kampelmanfellowships
MEM-149-23

The Office of Representative Scott Fitzgerald (WI-05) is seeking full-time and
part-time interns for the summer in our D.C. and Oconomowoc office.
Duties will include, but not limited to, answering constituent calls, assisting in
sorting and distributing mail, performing research and assisting the legislative
team, attending briefings, and administrative work as needed.
Candidates should be interested in public policy and be detail-oriented,
motivated, organized, and willing to learn. Candidates of all backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. Wisconsin ties are preferred, but not required.
To apply, please visit our website
at https://fitzgerald.house.gov/services/internships. If you have any questions,
please contact Reagan Harrison at reagan.harrison@mail.house.gov.

MEM-147-23

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) is seeking motivated,
detail-oriented, and energetic individuals for a legislative internship in
Washington, DC for Summer 2023.
This internship will be an invaluable opportunity to dive into the inner workings
of Capitol Hill and learn about the legislative process. This is a stipend-paid
position.
Qualified applicants have strong writing and communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple tasks, a strong sense of professionalism, and demonstrate a solid
work ethic. English and Spanish bilingual candidates with Texas ties are strongly
encouraged to apply. This position may be in-person or hybrid, depending on the
public health guidelines surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic at the time of the
internship.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting constituent correspondence
on a variety of issues, assisting legislative staff with research, leading Capitol
tours, answering and screening telephone calls, managing the front office,
participating in Committee hearing and markup preparation, drafting
memorandums, and other duties as necessary.
This position is available beginning mid-May 2023 through mid-August 2023.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to the
Intern Coordinator, Kriti Korula, at kriti.korula@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Garcia Summer Internship Application”. Applications will be accepted until
March 30, 2023. Due to the large volume of applicants, only those applicants who
are selected for interviews will be contacted.

Page 3 of 22

This office is an equal opportunity employer: Women and minorities are strongly
encouraged to apply. This office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-146-23

D.C Legislative Intern
PAID Internship Opportunity: Office of Congressman Chris Pappas NH-01
Serving as an intern on our team is an exciting opportunity to work closely
alongside staff and develop professional skills in a Congressional office setting.
The ideal intern should be responsible, focused, enthusiastic, able to work
cooperatively with Congressional staff, and possess excellent oral and written
communications skills.
An internship in the Washington, DC office encompasses a variety of tasks and
assignments such as answering phones, greeting visitors, giving tours, writing
letters, and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be assigned to
work with the legislative team and outreach staff to assist with legislation, special
projects, writing, and/or research. As a result, interns learn about the legislative
process and the many functions of a Congressional office.
Apply
To apply for an internship, please submit your resume, cover letter, and one short
writing sample (no longer than two pages)
to Pappas.Internships@mail.house.gov with “[Last Name] Internship Application
– [Season] 2023 ” in the subject line.
In your email, please also specify your specific dates and times of availability.
The deadline for Summer applications is Sunday, April 9 at 11:59 pm.
Current appropriations law prohibits the use of federally appropriated funds to
pay the compensation of U.S. government employees whose post of duty is in the
continental U.S. unless that person, generally:
1.Is a U.S. citizen;
2.Is a lawful permanent resident and has applied for (or affirms that he or she will
apply for) citizenship within six months of first becoming eligible to apply (and
the person must complete the citizenship process within two years of applying,
but delays attributable to the processing of the application do not count toward
the two-year deadline);
3.Is admitted as a refugee or is granted asylum and has filed a declaration of
intention to become a lawful permanent resident and subsequently a citizen when
he/she is eligible to do so; or
4.Is a person who owes allegiance to the U.S. (e.g., nationals of American Samoa,
the Swains Island, or the Northern Mariana Islands; and nationals who meet other
requirements described in 8 U.S.C. § 1408).
Page 4 of 22

See Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022, Pub. L. No. 117-103, div. E tit. VII,
§ 704 (2022).
MEM-144-23

Congresswoman Brittany Pettersen’s Washington DC and District offices are
seeking paid congressional interns for Summer 2023. The internship is in-person
and will run from late May to August. Dates are flexible. This internship is open
to undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
This internship provides students a firsthand understanding of the functions of a
congressional office and the legislative process. Intern responsibilities vary but
include answering phones, sorting mail, researching legislation for the Member
and legislative staff, attending hearings and briefings, giving tours of the Capitol
building, and drafting press releases and constituent letters on various issues.
Additionally, the office encourages and will facilitate networking opportunities
for interns and staff members.
Internship hours are flexible to accommodate students’ course schedules, but
generally run from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. EST in the DC office, and 9:00 a.m. to
6:00 p.m. MT in the District office. Applicants must be able to commit to
working at least 20 hours a week. Applicants with Colorado ties are prioritized.
Internships are eligible for a paid monthly stipend.
To apply for the DC position, please send an email with your resume, cover letter
and writing sample to Hannah.illathu@mail.house.gov with “[Your Last Name]
Summer 2023 DC Internship” in the subject line. For the district position, please
send an email with your resume, cover letter and writing sample
to David.clark@mail.house.gov with “[Your Last Name] Summer 2023 District
Internship” in the subject line. Please include dates of availability in your
submission.
If submitted after April 15th, applications will only be considered on a rolling
basis.

MEM-143-23

The Office of Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks motivated, detailoriented, and energetic individuals for legislative internships in Washington, DC
for Summer 2023.
Qualified applicants should have strong interpersonal skills, the ability to manage
multiple tasks, possess strong writing skills, and demonstrate a solid work ethic.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: logging constituent concerns,
drafting constituent correspondence on a variety of issues, attending legislative
briefings, greeting constituents and visitors when in the office, assisting staff with
research and special projects, tracking media coverage, and performing

Page 5 of 22

administrative duties. As a result, interns learn about the legislative process and
the many other functions of a congressional office.
To apply for an internship in the Office of Congressman Cartwright, please
submit an application, (including a resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample) to https://cartwright.house.gov/services/internships.htm. No phone calls
or drop-ins please.
MEM-142-23

The office of Congresswoman Susie Lee is seeking summer interns for the
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities will include answering phones, managing the front office,
assisting legislative staff with research, and other tasks as assigned. Successful
candidate will work well under deadlines, is organized, hard-working, detailoriented, has excellent customer service skills, and is a team player. Nevada ties
are strongly preferred. Nevada residents will be eligible for a monthly stipend.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “Summer Legislative Intern” in the subject
line. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-140-23

The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a driven,
detail-oriented, hardworking, and engaged individual to work with her team.
This internship will be primarily in-person in the Washington, DC office with
potential for some occasional remote work. The timing of the internship is
flexible based on the candidate’s schedule but could start as early as May 15th
and could last up to 12 weeks. The intern would work with her dynamic team to
improve the lives of 7th district constituents and communities.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Constituent services: assist the front office staff with answering constituent
questions and draft correspondence;
• Legislative research: work with the legislative team to conduct research on issue
areas, write memos, and learn about the legislative process;
• District research: research and compile information for district events and
outreach;
• Communications: collaborate with the Communications team on tasks as needed
such as compiling news clips and tracking social media accounts; and
• Other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES:
• Responsible, reliable, punctual
• Has knowledge of the district, its constituents, and its needs
• Able to problem solve, think quickly, adapt, and handle sensitive information

Page 6 of 22

HOURS & COMPENSATION: Candidates will work approximately 30 hours a
week. The schedule is flexible and based on candidate’s schedule. This is a PAID
internship; the office will pay an hourly rate for applicants not supported by
outside fellowships.
TO APPLY: Please submit a resume and a 1-page cover letter that answers the
following questions in a single PDF:
• What, do you feel, is the biggest problem facing VA-07?
• How do you want to impact the community?
Please include the dates you are available, and any other scheduling constraints
(e.g. mornings or afternoons only) in your application.
Email this information to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Summer 2023 Internship – First Name, Last Name.”
DEADLINE: Applications received by March 24, 2023 will be considered.
The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger is an equal opportunity employer.
Applicants and employees shall not be discriminated against because of race,
religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, mental or physical disability, sexual
orientation, gender (including pregnancy and gender expression) identity, color,
marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or any other classification
protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance.
MEM-136-23

The Honorable Robert C. "Bobby" Scott, Ranking Member of the House
Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks full-time Fellows to work for the
Committee (Democratic Staff).
Duties may include, but are not limited to, researching and the drafting of
legislation, memos, talking points, and letters, covering congressional briefings.
Candidates should have completed at least one year of law school, have strong
legal research abilities and written and oral communication skills, and be capable
of managing themselves and taking initiative. Indicate your area of interest and
your writing sample should support your interest and expertise: Health Policy,
Education Policy, Labor Policy, Pensions, Oversight, Disability, Workforce
Development, and Workplace Safety. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form below to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating
type of “Fellow” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the requirements
will not be considered.

Page 7 of 22

MEM-135-23

The Honorable Robert C. "Bobby" Scott, Ranking Member of the House
Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks full-time or part-time law
students to intern for the Committee (Democratic Staff).
Duties may include, but are not limited to, researching and the drafting of
legislation, memos, talking points, and letters, covering congressional briefings.
Candidates should have completed at least one year of law school, have strong
legal research abilities and written and oral communication skills, and be capable
of managing themselves and taking initiative. Indicate your area of interest and
your writing sample should support your interest and expertise: Health Policy,
Education Policy, Labor Policy, Pensions, Oversight, Disability, Workforce
Development, and Workplace Safety. Can receive academic credit. No phone
calls or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form below to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating
type of “Legal Intern” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the
requirements will not be considered.

MEM-134-23

The Honorable Robert C. "Bobby" Scott, Ranking Member of the House
Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks full-time committee interns for
paid and unpaid internships.
Duties may include, but are not limited to, assisting with administrative tasks,
answering phones, processing mail, legislative research, writing memos, and
attending briefings and hearings. This is a fast-paced office; multitasking and
attention to detail are required. Interns can receive academic credit. No phone
calls or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, three references, two writing
samples, and application form below to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov indicating
type of “Committee Intern” in the subject line. Applications missing any of the
requirements will not be considered.

MEM-133-23

Summer 2023 Internship Position:
The Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (DC-00) is seeking to
hire a motivated, detail-oriented, current college undergrad student, graduate
student, or recent graduate wishing to gain constituent-oriented internship
experience in the DC District Office.

Page 8 of 22

District Intern responsibilities include answering phones, conducting research,
assisting with constituent casework, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects at the discretion of the
District Director. As a result, the intern will learn about the important functions
of our impactful District office.
The term of this internship will be from June 2023---August 11th, 2023. The
internship is paid full-time internship, interns must work at least 30 hours a week,
and will be provided a travel stipend. Typical hours for internships are Monday
through Thursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm, although hours may be flexible to
accommodate students' hectic course schedules.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at
least one reference to norton.casework@mail.house.gov.
The deadline to apply is 9:00 am EST, Tuesday, April 11th. District ties are
encouraged but not required. All applicants will be considered without regard to
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
MEM-130-23

The Office of Congressman Salud Carbajal (CA-24) is seeking a highly
motivated and creative Digital/Press Intern to assist with a fast-paced
communications operation based in his Washington, D.C. office for the 2023
Spring Term.
The Digital/Press Intern will help build out the Congressman’s digital and social
media footprint, with heavy emphasis on creating engaging social media content
and graphics. Qualified candidates should have strong writing, editing, and social
media skills to assist with time sensitive assignments, as well as basic familiarity
with graphic design/video editing software.
Candidates with experience in a press or digital media role (including internships)
are preferred but not required. California or Central Coast ties and Spanish
literacy are a plus. The intern will work closely with the Communications
Director and the Digital Director.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Compiling daily press clips
•Creating engaging graphics and editing photos
•Assisting the Digital Press Assistant with social media content, website content
and digital newsletters
•Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
•Assisting Communications Director with drafting press releases, op-eds,
advisories, and other written materials
•Creating and maintaining press lists
•Compiling regular comms reports on press and social media results
•Additional responsibilities include assisting the Legislative Correspondent with
Page 9 of 22

administrative tasks (e.g. answering phone calls, greeting visitors, etc.) and
legislative tasks (e.g. batching incoming messages on Fireside, drafting
constituent letters, etc.)
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
A qualified candidate will possess strong social media and graphic design skills.
Past experiences with Canva, Photoshop, and other digital/graphic/video design
platforms are a major plus.
TO APPLY:
The internship will run from early-April to June. The hours are roughly 32 hours
a week and are flexible to accommodate schedules and time zones, but generally
run 9a.m. to 6p.m. ET when Congress is in session and 9a.m. to 5p.m. ET when
Congress is out of session.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, two
digital samples, and dates/hours of availability
to Tommy.Vo@mail.house.gov with the subject line “(First Name) (Last Name)
– Digital/Press Intern.”
This is a full-time, limited term position and offers a monthly stipend from the
office of Congressman Carbajal’s unless the intern is already receiving
credit/stipend through a third party. No phone calls, or walk-ins, please. This
office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply. Deadline to apply is Friday, March 17th.
MEM-126-23

The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks highly motivated
candidates for a paid Summer 2023 internship position in our D.C. office.
The ideal candidate possesses excellent oral and written communication skills,
can multi-task, and is committed to being a team player. Responsibilities will
include answering phones, attending policy briefings and meetings, providing
tours of the Capitol, and conducting legislative research to support the needs of
the Congresswoman’s staff.
The internship will run from the beginning of June through the first week of
August, from 9am-6pm when Congress is in session and from 9am-5pm when
Congress is not in session. Ties to Nevada’s First District are strongly preferred.
The office of Congresswoman Dina Titus is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status. Women, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of
other historically marginalized communities are encouraged to apply.

Page 10 of 22

Interested applicants should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and short (1-2 page)
writing sample to Ciara.Donovan@mail.house.gov with “[FIRST NAME, LAST
NAME] Summer 2023 Internship Application” in the subject line. Applications
will be accepted until Friday, March 31.
MEM-125-23

POSITION: Internship
TYPE: Paid
OFFICE: House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
DETAILS: The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs offers internships in our
Committee office in Washington, DC. The program is offered in the Spring,
Summer, and Fall semesters.
Internships are intended for current undergraduate students, recent college
graduates, and students enrolled in graduate school.
RESPONSIBILTIES:
•Answering constituent phone calls and greeting constituents at the front desk
•Taking notes at briefings and hearings
•Categorizing and responding to constituent mail
•Conducting tours of the Capitol
•Assemble press and news clips
•Performing other duties as assigned
APPLICATIONS:
Click here to apply. If you have trouble accessing the application form, please
email austin.mathis@mail.house.gov
•You will need a cover letter, resume, and references to apply. Writing sample is
optional.
•If you are selected for an interview, our office will contact you
•Applicants are reviewed on a rolling basis

MEM-124-23

The Washington, D.C. Office of Congressman Steve Cohen (D-TN-09) is seeking
interns for the summer of 2023. This is a hybrid position— hours are worked
remotely and in-person. A majority of the program is spent in the office.
This position offers an opportunity to learn about the U.S. House of
Representatives and gain substantive work experience in an exciting and fastpaced office. Internships are offered on a full-time and part-time basis, and
stipends are offered based on need. Full-time availability is preferred. Ties to
Tennessee’s 9th District are preferred but not required. Start dates are flexible.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated interest in politics, policy and/or public service.
•Strong communications and writing skills.
•Hard-working, dependable, detail-oriented and professional.
Page 11 of 22

•Self-motivated (especially given that all work is remote).
•Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District are a bonus, but not required.
Responsibilities:
•Assist with constituent correspondence and draft email blasts and other forms of
outreach.
•Attend virtual briefings and track virtual hearings.
•Conduct weekly legislative assignments.
•Conduct legislative research on an as-needed basis.
To apply, applicants must complete the form and submit the following materials
on https://cohen.house.gov/services/internships:
•Resume.
•Cover letter.
•Three references.
About Office of Congressman Steve Cohen
Congressman Cohen is the Representative of Tennessee's 9th District, which
includes most of Memphis. He has served in this position since 2007. He is a
Democrat.
MEM-122-23

Congressman Bill Johnson’s office (OH-06) is currently seeking internship
applicants in the D.C. office for Spring 2023.
Qualified applicants should possess strong communication skills, be interested in
learning about the legislative process, and have a willingness to work in our fastpaced office. Responsibilities include answering phones, leading tours of the
Capitol, attending policy briefings and meetings, and conducting research and
additional tasks to assist the Congressman’s staff. Ohio ties are preferred but not
required. A monthly stipend is available.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter and availability
to intern.OH06@gmail.com.

MEM-120-23

The office of Congressman Jeff Van Drew (NJ-02) is currently accepting
applications for full time interns for the summer internship session. The start
date would be as early as May 5th (flexible depending on availability) with a
flexible end date. Interns are paid a stipend based on availability and have access
to transit benefits.
The internship will offer students and young professionals invaluable experience
with our nation’s legislative process. Interns contribute to the daily operations of
the office and are expected to act in a reliable, professional manner at all times.
Duties include (but are not limited to): greeting visitors, answering phones,
leading tours of the Capitol, opening and sorting mail, attending briefings,
performing legislative research, and various other tasks to assist staff.
Page 12 of 22

Congressman Van Drew supports students requesting credit for their internship
through their university.
If interested, please email a resume and cover letter
to Paxton.Antonucci@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in your cover letter that
you’re applying for a summer internship and format the files as [Full
Name_Resume], [Full Name_Cover Letter].
MEM-117-23

Paid Congressional Internship
The Office of Congresswoman Kim Schrier (WA-08) is seeking interns in its
Issaquah and Washington, DC offices for Summer 2023. Applicants should be
eager to learn more about the legislative process and want to be part of a
hardworking team dedicated to serving Washington’s 8th Congressional District.
Interns will work in a fast-paced Congressional office, gaining valuable
experience and knowledge of the United States Congress.
In Washington, D.C., intern responsibilities will include greeting constituents,
answering constituent phone calls, supporting staff with administrative tasks,
conducting legislative research, assisting with constituent correspondence, and
other miscellaneous tasks as assigned. Interns in Washington, D.C. also have the
opportunity to lead tours of the U.S. Capitol, as well as attend briefings for the
legislative staff.
In the District office, interns will assist with a variety of tasks, including day-today office work such as answering phones, writing letters, and assisting with
media clips. District office interns may also help with constituent casework or
other District-based projects of importance.
Qualifications
Ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, a
high degree of professionalism, and a strong interest in public service. In
addition, the ability to multi-task and work with a team are a plus. District and
Washington state ties are a plus, but not required. Starting and ending dates are
flexible, although prospective interns should be able to commit at least 20 hours
per week during business hours. Congressional internships are open to all majors
and designed for undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates
with an interest in public service. All interns are paid and academic credit is
available.
Please apply by March 19, 2023 at 11:59 p.m. ET. Please be prepared to submit a
cover letter, resume, three references and additional info
at https://schrier.house.gov/services/internships. If you have submission issues,
please email relevant application materials
to DistrictInternshipsWA08@mail.house.gov.
Page 13 of 22

MEM-116-23

“Congressman Jason Smith (MO-08) is currently seeking full or part-time interns
to work in his Washington, DC office for the Summer 2023 term.
Intern responsibilities include corresponding and communicating with
constituents, researching policy, legislative analysis, guiding Capitol building
tours and assisting staff with administrative tasks. Interns also will have the
opportunity to conduct legislative research as well as attend Capitol Hill
briefings, congressional hearings, and press events.
Ideal candidates have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent written
and oral communication skills. Those interested should send their resume and
cover letter
to marshall.stallings@mail.house.gov and lauren.mazurek@mail.house.gov.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so there is currently no deadline to
apply. Hours are flexible and can be adjusted to accommodate other work/class
schedules. This is a paid position and is competitive with that of other offices.
Rate of pay will depend on hours worked and duration of internship. State ties
preferred, but not required.”

MEM-115-23

PRESS INTERNSHIP: The office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA06) is accepting applications for a Summer 2023 press intern in our Washington,
D.C. office. This internship will run from late May/early June through midAugust.
We offer needs-based stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our
internship program has returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are adaptable and proactive self-starters who have experience in a
faced-paced, deadline-oriented work environment. Applicants must be
independent problem-solvers, have strong writing skills, and be comfortable
communicating to both internal and external audiences. Technical experience
with graphic design tools (Canva, InDesign, Illustrator), photo editing programs
(Photoshop, Lightroom), or video editing software (Premiere, Headliner) a major
plus.
Press interns will be responsible for compiling and distributing press clips,
helping draft copy for press and digital materials, and developing digital content.
Press interns will have the opportunity to staff the congresswoman to capture
videos and photos of events. We offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up
close and from the inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience are a
plus. Ties to PA-06 are also a plus.
To apply, please send 1) a resume, 2) ONE brief paragraph about yourself and
Page 14 of 22

why you’re interested in interning in our office, 3) a writing sample, and 4) one
example of digital work (video, graphic or photo)
to PA06Press.Interships@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-114-23

LEGISLATIVE INTERNSHIP: The office of Representative Chrissy Houlahan
(D-PA-06) is accepting applications for Summer 2023 legislative interns in our
West Chester, Reading, and Washington, D.C. offices. This internship will run
from late May/early June through mid-August.
Both full and part time internships are available, and we offer needs-based
stipends to students who are Pell Grant eligible. Our internship program has
returned to in-person work with flexible telework options.
Ideal applicants are self-starters who bring a customer service mindset and a
passion for community service. Applicants must be intellectually curious, willing
to spend a lot of time on the phone, and write well.
Responsibilities range from helping constituents, to doing research and drafting
memos for our legislative staff, to staffing the Congresswoman in hearings or
meetings. We offer interns the opportunity to see Congress up close and from the
inside. Prior volunteer, leadership, and work experience are a plus. Ties to PA-06
are also a plus.
Please submit applications
via https://houlahan.house.gov/services/internships.htm
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-112-23

The Office of Rep. Lori Trahan is currently accepting applications for our
Summer 2023 Internship program! District ties are preferred but not required.
Candidates who demonstrate strong oral and written communication skills, the
ability to multi-task in a fast-paced work environment, and an interest in public
service are encouraged to apply.
In the District Office, intern responsibilities include answering phones, answering
constituent letters on various issues, assisting with resolving constituent
Page 15 of 22

casework, researching daily press clips, and drafting memos as needed. Interns
will gain a comprehensive knowledge of Massachusetts’ 3rd District, as well as
the services the District Office provides.
Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate schedules, but generally run
9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m with the option of full-time and part-time positions. This
internship is located in Lowell, MA.
Summer 2023 Application deadline: March 27th
All applications must be submitted through the online application:
https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/
In addition to the online application, please email your Cover Letter (PDF) &
Resume (PDF) to Emma Kotelly (Emma.Kotelly@mail.house.gov)
The office is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to
be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, gender identity, religion, sexual orientation, age,
disability, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status under
applicable laws. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds to apply.
MEM-111-23

DC Intern Summer 2023
The Office of Rep. Lori Trahan is currently accepting applications for our
Summer 2023 Internship program! District ties are preferred but not required.
Candidates who demonstrate strong oral and written communication skills, the
ability to multi-task in a fast-paced work environment, and an interest in public
service are encouraged to apply.
In Washington, D.C., interns’ responsibilities include answering phones,
researching legislation, attending virtual hearings and briefings, and answering
constituent letters on various issues before the House. Interns will also assist in
various administrative tasks as needed. As a result, interns learn about the
legislative process and the many other functions of a congressional office.
Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate schedules, but generally run
9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m with the option of full-time and part-time positions.
Summer 2023 Application deadline: March 27th
All applications must be submitted through the online application:
https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/
In addition to the online application, please email your Cover Letter (PDF) &
Resume (PDF) to Alex Eliasen (Alexander.Eliasen@mail.house.gov)
The office is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to
Page 16 of 22

be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, gender identity, religion, sexual orientation, age,
disability, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status under
applicable laws. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds to apply.
MEM-110-23

Press Intern Summer 2023
The Office of Rep. Lori Trahan is currently accepting applications for our
Summer 2023 Internship program! District ties are preferred but not required.
Candidates who demonstrate strong oral and written communication skills, the
ability to multi-task in a fast-paced work environment, and an interest in public
service are encouraged to apply.
In Washington D.C., press interns assist the driven press team. Duties include
developing social media content, drafting press releases, sorting press clips,
creating digital content, and assisting the team with a variety of projects as
needed. Interns will work closely with communications staffers and learn about
the press operation of a congressional office.
Candidates should have a foundation of technical knowledge on social media
platforms. Experience in studying Communications, Journalism, or Public
Relations is a plus. Submission of a sample graphic with application materials is
recommended, but not required.
Internship hours can be flexible to accommodate students' schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m with the option of full-time and part-time
positions. The position will be hybrid.
Summer 2023 Application deadline: March 27th
All applications must be submitted through the online application:
https://trahan.house.gov/forms/internships/
In addition to the online application, please email your Cover Letter (PDF) &
Resume (PDF) to Katie Petersen (Katie.Petersen@mail.house.gov)
The office is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to
be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, gender identity, religion, sexual orientation, age,
disability, parental status, veteran status, or any other protected status under
applicable laws. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds to apply.

MEM-109-23

Congressman Dan Newhouse (R-WA-04) is currently seeking paid congressional
interns for the Summer 2023 term. The internships are in-person and will run
from May to the end of July. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate and recent college graduates.

Page 17 of 22

Intern responsibilities include answering phone calls, opening and sorting mail,
greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks, and
producing a daily memo. Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong
work ethic, attention to detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced work
environment. District ties will be considered however are not required.
Interested applicants should send their resumes, cover letters, and any writing
samples with the subject line “Summer 2023 Internship”
to Paige.Ash@mail.house.gov
MEM-106-23

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability
(Democratic Staff) is seeking passionate and self-motivated law students for fulltime or part- time internships.
The position offers current law students the opportunity to gain substantive
experience on an exciting and fast-paced Committee, while participating directly
in the oversight process and learning about the day-to-day administrative
operations of the House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: assisting Committee staff in
preparing for congressional hearings, conducting legal and factual research,
drafting memoranda, and attending various briefings and meetings with
Executive-branch and private sector officials for the purpose of taking notes. Law
students play a key role in the office and will work closely with Committee
counsel and staff.
Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii) a desire to learn.
They also must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Hours can be flexible, but applicants willing to be in the office full time are
preferred.
Interested applicants should send a PDF cover letter and resume
to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Legal Internship – Summer 2023” in the
subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the file name using the
following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-103-23

We are now accepting Spring 2023 intern applications for the Washington, DC
office of Congressman Morgan McGarvey representing Kentucky’s third
congressional district!

Page 18 of 22

This internship program will run for 6 weeks and we encourage all eligible
applicants to apply. This internship will provide invaluable work experience and
significantly contribute to the functionality of the office.
The objective of the internship program is for students to gain as much
experience as possible throughout their tenure and feel connected to all staff and
constituents they interact with. Interns should leave the program with substantial
knowledge of how a congressional office works, why the U.S. House of
Representatives is important, and how the federal government functions overall.
It is also important for the interns to leave with a staff-approved resume and
writing sample.
An intern's main responsibility will be leading tours of the Capitol for
constituents, answering the phones, helping research legislation, and assisting
staff with miscellaneous tasks as needed.
All interns will be paid, have the opportunity to receive course credit, and must
be able to commit to at least 20 hours a week.
Applications will be evaluated on a rolling basis.
To apply, send your resume, a cover letter, two references, and a short writing
sample (less than 500 words) to Halpin.Burke@mail.house.gov. Please send all
application materials as one PDF document with the subject line:
“[Last Name, First Name]- Spring 2023 Internship”
Individuals must be eligible to be paid by the United States Government to
qualify for this internship, this includes meeting employment eligibility
requirements for the U.S. House of Representatives
(see www.house.gov/employment for more) and ability to present proof of valid
work authorization in accordance with the Immigration Reform Act of 1986.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity and expression, marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, or any
other characteristic protected by applicable law.
MEM-099-23

Congresswoman Lois Frankel’s (FL-22) D.C. office seeks interns for the
upcoming Summer 2023 semester.
The ideal candidate possesses a high degree of professionalism and maturity, is
committed and diligent, and is a team player with a positive attitude. This
position demands the ability to multi-task, strong organizational skills and must
work cooperatively and courteously with others in a shared space.

Page 19 of 22

Duties include: attending hearings and briefings on behalf of the Congresswoman
and legislative staffers, working directly with the communications team on press
strategies, answering telephones, compiling daily press clips relevant to the
office’s priorities, assisting with constituent correspondence, and providing
administrative assistance to the D.C. staff.
Undergraduate students and recent college graduates preferred, South Florida ties
a plus. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants
should submit the below application with a resume and cover letter in a single
PDF file. Cover letter should detail reasons for applying to the position. A stipend
will be given to accepted applicants.
Deadline to apply by is Friday, March 17, 2023 by COB (5pm).
To apply, please visit: https://frankel.house.gov/constituentservices/internships.htm
If you have any questions please feel free to contact me via email
at amaris.graham@mail.house.gov
MEM-093-23

Position: Rep. David Rouzer (NC-07) is seeking paid, in-person interns for his
Washington, D.C. office for Spring 2023
Description: As an integral part of the team, interns contribute to the daily
operations of the office. Daily tasks will include assisting the legislative and
communication departments, constituent correspondence, conducting U.S.
Capitol Tours, and various designated projects.
Ideal candidates should possess strong interpersonal communication skills,
excellent writing skills, and a strong work ethic. The ability to keep a positive
attitude in a fast-paced everchanging work environment is a must.
Interested applicants should send their resume and a writing sample
to nc07internship@gmail.com. Please indicate in the email subject line that
you’re applying for a Spring internship and format your attached files as [Full
Name_Resume], [Full Name_WritingSample].
Looking for interns to start immediately. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis until positions are filled.
Email to send resume (and other items if requested)
to: nc07internship@gmail.com

MEM-065-23

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene seeks motivated, flexible, and detail-oriented
interns to serve in her Kirkland and Washington, D.C. offices for Summer 2023.
*The ideal candidates will possess exceptional written and oral communication
skills, a high degree of professionalism, as well as a strong interest in public
Page 20 of 22

service. Congressional internships are open to all majors and designed for
undergraduate and graduate students, as well as recent graduates with an interest
in public service.
*Intern responsibilities include greeting constituents and handling constituent
phone calls, assisting staff with administrative tasks, conducting research, and
assisting with constituent correspondence. Interns will also have the opportunity
to attend hearings, briefings, and meetings for the legislative and outreach staff.
*Ties to Washington state and/or the 1st Congressional District are encouraged
but not required.
*Starting and ending dates are flexible, although prospective interns should be
able to commit at least 20 hours per week during the semester.
How to apply:
Please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to Internship.DelBene@mail.house.gov and specify whether you are applying for
a D.C. or District office internship in the subject line. In the body of the email,
please also list any start and end date constraints, whether you are interested in a
part-time or full-time position, and the number of hours per week you can work.
Please also state any ties you have to Washington state and/or to the 1st
Congressional District.
The deadline to submit applications is March 24, 2023, at 11:59PM PT.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Members of historically
underrepresented communities, including women, people of color, and LGBTQ
individuals, are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-057-23

The office of Congressman Emanuel Cleaver, II (D-MO) is accepting
applications for a paid in-person summer internship. Current college students
and recent college graduates are welcome to apply.
Responsibilities include sorting constituent mail, answering the phones, attending
hearings and briefings, leading tours, drafting constituent response letters, and
assisting the legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have strong written and interpersonal skills, a positive
work ethic, and the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
The ideal candidate can work a full-time schedule and begin in May. Kansas City
and Missouri ties are a plus.
The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

Page 21 of 22

To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and a one-page writing sample in
a single pdf to MO5internships@mail.house.gov with “Cleaver Internship
Summer 2023” as the subject line. Additionally, candidates must include their
intended start and end date in their cover letter.
Applications are accepted on a rolling basis until Wednesday, March 15th.
Please, no phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins.
MEM-054-23

Summer Intern (Paid) - Congresswoman Kay Granger’s (TX-12)
Congresswoman Kay Granger’s Washington DC office is seeking paid
congressional interns for Summer 2022. The internship is in-person and will run
from late May to early August. Dates are flexible. This internship is open to
undergraduate students and recent college graduates.
Intern responsibilities will include answering phone calls, opening and sorting
mail, greeting guests, assisting staff with administrative and legislative tasks,
attending briefings and hearings, and other projects that may present themselves.
Ideal candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, attention to
detail, and be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Interested applicants should send their resumes and cover letters with the subject
line “Summer 2022 Internship” to Jerome.Vainisi1@mail.house.gov, or by
applying through our website via https://kaygranger.house.gov/internships

MEM-597-22

House Democrat seeks a paid Legislative Fellow to assist senior legislative staff
with a wide variety of legislative topics and tasks. The Legislative Fellow will
gain experience in preparing for committee hearings and markups; developing
and advancing legislation; drafting speeches; and meeting with constituents and
other stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will possess superb written and oral communication skills;
have some policy experience; and will enjoy collaborating with others in a fastpaced environment.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample
to housedemjobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Fellow” in the subject line.

Page 22 of 22

