House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 8, 2014

MEM-397-14

Senior, progressive California member seeks highly proactive, experienced
communications professional to serve as district-based Communications
Manager. Responsibilities include developing and implementing a strategic
district – based communications plan, including substantial media and
constituent outreach. Potential candidate must have proven track record with
traditional and ethnic press, broadcast and digital media, and strong pitching
skills. Outstanding writing skills are required for varying mediums including:
remarks for events, press statements, social media, op-eds, and keynote
speeches. Demonstrated ability to organize constituencies and stakeholders is
also required. Ideal candidates will have political savvy, depth of
communications experience, and desire to work long hours in a fast-paced and
results- oriented environment. Qualified candidates should submit resume,
cover letter, and two writing samples and salary requirements to
lee.resumes@mail.house.gov. Minority candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-395-14

Ohio Democratic Member seeks a hardworking Press Secretary to join a busy
Page 1 of 4

and proactive team. Applicant must have previous speech writing experience;
thrive at multitasking and working long hours; and, have sound political
judgment.
Responsibilities include, but may not be limited to, speech writing, drafting
news releases, talking points, and op-eds; responding to press inquiries in a
timely and appropriate manner; early daily news clips; monitoring the news/
social media platforms throughout the day; and supervising the development of
website and social media content. Duties also include: booking interviews and
pitching stories; developing relationships with reporters; organizing events;
and developing and implementing media, communications, and public
relations strategies. The successful applicant must be a team player, and will
work closely with the Chief of Staff, Communications Director, and D.C./
District team.
This is not an entry-level position. Professional communications and on-therecord experience is required. Hill experience and familiarity with Ohio,
especially Northeastern Ohio, is strongly preferred. Candidates should have
knowledge of the legislative process, as well as the ability to identify local and
national press opportunities. Salary is commensurate with experience. Please
send cover letter, resume, and three original writing samples to
District11Resumes@mail.house.gov with “PRESS SECRETARY” in the
subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls
MEM-393-14

Florida Democrat seeks a highly-organized, detail-oriented Deputy
Scheduler/Office Manager for the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities
include organizing and tracking invitations, speaking engagements and
scheduling requests for the Member; travel reservations; and coordinating with
district office. Additionally, the Deputy Scheduler/Office Manager will work
closely with the Chief of Staff to ensure efficient and seamless
office operations. Ideal candidates are nimble, can work under pressure, be a
team player, and are able to navigate competing demands. Candidates must be
on call and available to assist the Member after regular business
hours. Applicants must also have excellent organizational skills, strong
written and verbal communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, savvy
political instincts, poise and ability to thrive in a fast paced environment. This
is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill operational and/or
scheduling experience is required. Florida ties preferred. No phone calls,
emails or drop-bys. Please submit resume to
FL23Resume@mail.house.gov

MEM-389-14

Republican Committee seeks Executive Assistant for full committee Chief of
Staff. Executive Assistant will work closely with Chief of Staff, assisting with
projects, managing daily schedule, and various other tasks as needed. Ideal
candidate will be incredibly well organized, be able to anticipate issues and
needs, and have the initiative to identify problems and come up with solutions
to address them. A positive attitude is essential. Capitol Hill experience is a
Page 2 of 4

plus but new graduates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should
send resume and cover letter to GOPcommittee@gmail.com.
MEM-378-14

Senior Republican seeks to interview candidates for the position of
Communications Director for a fast-paced office. The successful candidate
will have excellent written and verbal skills as well as the proven ability to
manage multiple communications projects. She/he will be responsible for
developing, managing and coordinating all communications activities,
including writing press releases, op-eds, mail pieces, talking points, organizing
press events, maintaining the official website including design, implementing
social media strategy including Facebook, Twitter, etc., maintaining press
database, writing e-newsletters & coordinating Tele-town halls. Duties will
also include early daily news clips, briefing the Member for radio interviews,
writing and implementing PSA's from the Member, interacting with the press
as the Member’s principal spokesperson and coordinating the Member’s
overall press relations. The ideal candidate will have Hill experience and
familiarity with New Jersey. Must be able to work extended hours and under
time pressure. Please email a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
pressopportunity2014@gmail.com.

MEM-369-14

The Office of Representative Donna F. Edwards is seeking a
Scheduler/Executive Assistant to maintain the Member's official schedule,
travel plans, and related records.
Scheduling Duties
• prepares the daily schedule for the Member, and distributes copies to the
Washington, DC, and district offices;
• prepares detailed itineraries for the Member, including important numbers,
location and contact names;
• prepares monthly projected schedules for the Member;
• briefs the Member on all scheduling activities of the Washington, DC, and
district offices and makes recommendations on proposed future meetings;
• schedules all staff meetings and briefings;
• coordinates scheduling of press, interviews, radio and T.V. time with the
Press Secretary; and
• coordinates photo opportunities with constituents.
Travel Duties
• makes reservations for the Member's air travel, ground transportation, and
lodging; and
Mail/Invitations Duties
• reviews the Member's invitations;
• responds to all invitations, either by written correspondence or by personal
telephone call;
• maintains files of invitations that have been declined, accepted, or that are
Page 3 of 4

tentative/pending; and
• ensures that the Member is provided with briefing materials for each event.
Administrative Duties
• maintains the Member's files, including notes, correspondence, and all
information relating to travel;
• organizes documentation and materials for the Member's annual financial
disclosure report;
• acts as a liaison for constituents and other visitors that drop by to see the
Member;
• acts as a liaison between the Member and other Members, committee staff,
White House, and government offices and agencies to arrange for the
Member's attendance at meetings or to coordinate travel plans; and
• performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:
• at least 2 years of office experience;
• strong telephone skills;
• strong oral and written communication skills;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment with respect to
prioritization of and recommendations on Member appointments;
• proficiency in word processing;
• strong organizational and filing skills;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• experience making travel reservations and arrangements;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner; and
• availability to work long hours and at night.
Please email resume to ResumeService@mail.house.gov with MEM-369-14 in
the subject line.
MEM-368-14

The House Committee on Science, Space and Technology Majority is seeking
an experienced and proactive Professional Staff Member for its Research and
Technology Subcommittee. Applicants should have relevant experience on
Capitol Hill (preferably managing a Committee portfolio for a Member), in
federal or state government, or the science and technology field. Qualified
candidates should possess in-depth knowledge of federally-supported
academic research and federal programs to support commercialization of new
technology issues. The ideal candidate will have a graduate degree and
experience in science and tech policy. Interested applicants should send a
cover letter and resume to: HouseScienceOpenings@gmail.com. No telephone
calls, faxes, or drop-ins.

Page 4 of 4

