House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 7, 2014
MEM-215-14

PRESS SECRETARY:
Ohio Republican House Member seeking press secretary to join
staff. Applicants should be self-starting, hard-working and creative. Must
have strong writing and verbal skills and be extremely detail oriented.
Background and proven track record in booking national TV interviews
preferred. Job responsibilities include: booking proactive press for the
member, including national TV interviews, as well as writing press releases,
columns, speeches, blogs and e-newsletters. Interested applicants should send
cover letter, resume and writing sample to oh.ushouse.job@gmail.com.

MEM-214-14

The Office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez is seeking to immediately fill a
full-time job opening for a Scheduler based in her District Office.
Position Description
The Scheduler position is primarily charged with (but not limited to) managing
Member’s official schedule, travel arrangements, personal correspondence,
and various administrative duties. Successful candidates will possess strong
communication skills, the ability to multitask, attention to detail, political
Page 1 of 5

instinct, the ability to prioritize in a fast-paced environment, work
cooperatively and courteously with others; and temperament to communicate
with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
Minimum Qualifications/Education Required
 Office/administrative experience
 Strong organizations skills; attention to detail.
 Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with Microsoft
Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
 Strong communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability to
relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer
service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
 Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government agencies
and structure (county, state, and federal).
 Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be
able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects simultaneously, and
work under pressure.
 Candidates should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to
excellence, upbeat demeanor, flexibility, and sense of humor.
 Candidates should expect frequent weekend, some holidays, and afterhours assignments.
 Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college or
university with a bachelor’s degree.
 Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant. Employees will
receive health care insurance, 401(k)-style retirement benefits, and other
federal employee benefits.
To Apply
Interested applicants should e-mail résumé (including salary history) and
cover letter to CA38Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please indicate in the title of
the position you are applying for in the subject line. No phone calls or
walk-ins accepted.
MEM-213-14

Communications Director --Senior Member of Congress is seeking a senior communications professional
experienced in working on international issues with domestic and international
media. Candidate will be working with bipartisan House and Senate members
to creatively promote common international goals and messages using the
widest variety of communications tools available. This is a high-level
position; three to five years of relevant experience and a successful record of
working in Washington on international messaging and communications is
essential. Interested applicants should e-mail a resume, cover letter, and 2-3
Page 2 of 5

writing samples to congressionalstaffpositions@gmail.com.
MEM-212-14

Advisor on International Security Issues --Senior Member of Congress seeks advisor on security issues — ideal
candidate would have security experience including policing, international law
enforcement and cooperation, combatting terrorism, border management, and
conflict prevention and resolution. The advisor will follow transnational
threats, strategic police matters, border security and management, narcotics
smuggling and anti-terrorism. Law enforcement or defense-/homeland
security-related experience would be an essential asset. The successful
candidate will have a strong commitment to public service, strong writing,
speaking and analytical skills, be proactive, resourceful, well-organized, and
able to meet deadlines. Individuals must be U.S. citizens and have, or be able
to obtain, a Top Secret clearance. Overseas travel will be required. Please email a cover letter and resume to congressionalstaffpositions@gmail.com.

MEM-211-14

Advisor on International Freedom of Religion --Senior Member of Congress seeks advisor on issues of international religious
freedom – ideal candidate would have experience advocating for religious
freedom, including by assisting persecuted persons and/ or advocating with the
U.S. or foreign governments for public policy promoting religious freedom.
The successful candidate will have a strong commitment to public service,
strong writing, speaking and analytical skills, be proactive, resourceful, wellorganized, and able to meet deadlines. Individuals must be U.S. citizens and
have, or be able to obtain, a Top Secret clearance. Overseas travel will be
required. Please e-mail a cover letter and resume to
congressionalstaffpositions@gmail.com.

MEM-207-14

Job Opening: Staff Assistant
Duties Include:
As the primary administrative staff member in the District Office, Staff
Assistant duties include (but are not limited to): answer phones; handle mail
and faxes; greet and direct visitors; maintain order & efficiency of front and
back offices; order supplies; organize office files; coordinate with the Capitol
Office to arrange tour and flag requests; coordinate vendor service needs;
research the status of some legislation; draft some correspondence; assist the
District Director and all District Office staff with additional tasks, as needed.
In the absence of the District Scheduler, the staff assistant will serve as backup and help facilitate any scheduling requests.
Casework duties include (but are not limited to): Assist constituents with their
individual cases pertaining to federal agencies. Help constituents to obtain
timely consideration and cut through red tape. As the “front-line” caseworker,
Page 3 of 5

help constituents with nonfederal questions to find appropriate resources.
Experience Required:
Prefer some experience working directly with the community. Solid
interpersonal, writing and organizational skills are essential. The successful
applicant will be a team player, have a positive attitude and the ability to work
and set priorities in a fast-paced environment. Spanish language skills
considered a plus.
To Apply:
Please fax or email cover letter and resume to:
Office of Congressman Xavier Becerra
350 S. Bixel Street, Suite 100
Los Angeles, CA 90017
Fax: (213) 481-1427
Email: Resume.California@mail.house.gov
MEM-196-14

Senior Legislative Assistant: Texas Democrat seeks a hard-working and
experienced legislative staffer to handle the healthcare and energy portfolio,
along with other legislative areas. A bachelor’s degree with at least 4 years
of legislative experience on the Hill is required. Potential candidates should
have excellent writing and verbal skills coupled with some knowledge of
social media. The ideal candidate will have experience working under
pressure, working as part of a team, a sense of humor and the ability to work
flexible hours. Experience with iConstituent is a plus, but not required. Please
send
cover
letter,
resume
and
a
writing
sample
to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-194-14

Staff Assistant—Southern conservative Republican seeks a Staff Assistant to
handle a wide range of office responsibilities and constituent services in the
Washington office. Primary responsibilities for this position include (1)
answering the main telephone line for the office, (2) processing flag requests,
(3) arranging tours of the Capitol, (4) preparing the office for daily activities,
and (5) drafting personal notes and letters of commendation to constituents.
Other responsibilities may be assigned. Because the Member places a special
emphasis on constituent services, candidates must be able to maintain a
courteous and respectful demeanor at all times and possess a true desire to help
constituents. Competitive candidates will be confident and well-spoken, have
excellent oral and written communication skills, possess an acute attention to
detail, demonstrate an assertive and organized approach to problem solving,
and exhibit an ability to multi-task in a fast paced work environment. Though
duties are largely administrative in nature, the Staff Assistant should have a
personal interest in current events and Congressional activities, and should be
fully engaged in all aspects of the day-to-day operations of the office.
Additionally, the daily work hours for this position are 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.
Page 4 of 5

Completion of a four-year college education is required. Prior work experience
is preferred. Southern ties are a significant plus. Interested individuals should
send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
congressjob@gmail.com.

Page 5 of 5

