House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 24, 2016

MEM-323-16

Committee on Ethics has an immediate opening for a Staff Assistant. This
position requires an individual who is non-partisan and can handle highly
sensitive information.
Responsibilities include: greeting visitors and answering telephones; assisting
with the tracking and processing of committee correspondence; and providing
administrative support in the setup of committee meetings. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and professional telephone manner;
proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and
courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to
inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and
projects. Applicant instructions: Interested candidates should submit a resume
and cover letter by email to Ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-322-16

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a press secretary for his
Washington office. Spanish skills and Hill experience a plus. Send resume,
brief writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov.
No drop-ins please.
Page 1 of 3

MEM-315-16

Senior Member of the Bay Area California Delegation seeks a Staff Assistant
to assume the responsibilities of managing the front office. Daily tasks
include answering telephones; organizing tours; greeting visitors; processing
flag requests; assisting legislative staff; and serving as Intern Coordinator.
Candidates should be detail-oriented professionals with strong organizational
skills and writing abilities, positive attitudes, and pride in their work product.
Applicants with ties to the Bay Area are strongly encouraged to apply. Please
e-mail cover letter and resume to StaffAssistantCalifornia@gmail.com. No
phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins, please.

MEM-300-16

The Joint Committee on Taxation is seeking an entry level IT support
professional to join our Information Technology staff in a Desktop Support
role. The Desktop Support Technician provides support to end users on a
wide range of issues by identifying, researching, and resolving technical
problems.
A day in the Desktop Support life may include:Responding to all inquiries for
technical support same day or next business day while documenting, tracking,
and monitoring all issues to ensure a timely resolution.Installing or supporting
any of the following;
Desktop applications
PC & printer hardware
Mobile devices such as iPhones and iPads
Create new users and set up workstations for new staff
Maintaining the IT equipment and printer supply
Providing support and responding to issues for staff working remotely
Required Experience and Background:
Associates degree in information technology or certifications such as
CompTIA A+, CompTIA Network+, CompTIA Security+, Microsoft
Certified IT Professional (MCITP) or the equivalent
Strong technical background with a broad range of technologies including one
or more of the following;
Active Directory
Desktop Windows OS 7 – 10
Hardware Setup and Configuration (Computers, Printers, Etc.)
General networking knowledge
MS Office
Mac OS
Mobile Devices including iOS
A person of the highest character and probity
Application information:
Email resume to it.jobs@jct.gov by October 24, 2016.

Page 2 of 3

MEM-299-16

Connecticut Democrat seeks qualified candidates for DC Scheduler in teamoriented office. Responsibilities include maintaining member’s daily and long
term schedule in Washington, evaluating meeting requests and invitations,
coordinating travel arrangements, managing member’s personal
correspondence, and ensuring timely preparation for the member for meetings
and events. The ideal candidate for this position is detail oriented and
proactive, possess strong communication skills, and can thrive in a fast paced
and team oriented office. Prior scheduling experience is preferred, as are
Connecticut ties and access to a car. Please submit a resume and cover letter
to CT02JOB@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop-ins.

MEM-295-16

Senior Democratic House member from CA seeks proactive, experienced
Communications Director to develop and implement strategic media plan in
a fast-paced and results-driven environment. Must have proven track-record,
and ability to manage website and social media tools. Outstanding writing
skills and strong pitching skills are required. Southern California ties are
preferred but not necessary. This is not an entry level position. Qualified
candidates should submit resume, cover letter to
commstafferCA2016@gmail.com.

Page 3 of 3

