House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 11, 2019

MEM-131-19

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced and well-organized Scheduler for the Representative’s
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Developing, coordinating, and managing all aspects of the Representative’s
daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the district, as well as tracking,
evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests;
•Coordinating all travel for the Representative and her staff, filing travel
receipts, and other logistical support tasks as required;
•Working closely with and supporting the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of
Staff, District Director, and Communications Director to ensure smooth daily
schedules and operations;
•Other special projects as required.
The ideal candidate will be:
•Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
•A hard worker with excellent attention to detail;
•Adept at juggling complex schedules, competing equities;
•Able to anticipate problems, seek solutions, and effectively communicate
Page 1 of 9

them to the Representative and her staff;
•Able to work long hours, including nights and weekends;
•Poised, patient, no-drama, and level-headed, with a sense of humor; and
•Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
This is not an entry-level position; 2-4 years of work experience are desired.
Applicants with prior work experience as a Scheduler, as well as experience
in fast-paced operational roles, are highly preferred.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color,
LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State and/or
district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
and references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-129-19

New England Democrat and Member of the House Committee on Energy &
Commerce seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant to serve as primary
advisor on healthcare issues. Additional legislative issue areas include
veterans, defense, and foreign affairs. Responsibilities include but are not
limited to drafting legislation, memos, talking points; staffing and preparing
Member for committee hearings; maintaining relationships with stakeholders;
working closely with communications and district staff. This is not an entrylevel position. Successful applicants must be self-starters, highly organized,
demonstrate strong communications skills, possess a keen attention to detail,
and be willing to work in a fast-paced and team-oriented environment. New
England ties preferred. Please send resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or walk-ins.

MEM-128-19

Congressman Frank Pallone seeks an experienced Communications Director
to serve in his Washington, D.C. personal office. This position will manage
all communications and social media functions of the personal office,
including developing communications plans, maintaining relationships with
national and district media, responding to daily media inquiries, creating indistrict press events, and preparing written materials, including speeches,
talking points, newsletters, and op-eds. The ability to collaborate with
committee colleagues while remaining laser focused on New Jersey priorities
is a must. Qualified candidates must demonstrate on-the-record experience,
creativity with the full range of social media platforms, an ability to handle
multiple projects simultaneously, and excellent oral and written
communications skills. Ties to New Jersey are a plus. Equal Employment
Opportunity Employer. Please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a
Page 2 of 9

single PDF document to NJ06Resume@mail.house.gov and include
“Communications Director” in the subject line.
MEM-127-19

Congressman Bill Posey (FL-08) seeks an experienced Scheduler/Executive
Assistant in Washington, DC. This is not an entry-level position and previous
Hill scheduling experience is required. Responsibilities include, but are not
limited to:
•Maintaining the Member’s schedule in Washington, DC and closely
coordinating with our District Director as he maintains the Member’s
schedule in Florida
•Planning and scheduling the Member’s meetings, events, and speaking
engagements in DC
•Booking all travel and accommodations for the Members and for staff, as
needed
•Transporting the Member on official business- candidates must have a car
and good driving record
•Administering office purchasing and reimbursements for staff and the
Member
•Managing the staff on-and off-boarding process including ordering
technology, arranging parking/transportation benefits, ID cards, and necessary
paperwork
•Interviewing, hiring, training, and managing office interns
Candidates should be enthusiastic, personable, highly-organized, detailoriented, and must be able to function in a fast-paced team-oriented
environment. Interested applicants should send their resume and cover letter
with “Scheduler” in the subject line to fl08.applications@gmail.com.

MEM-126-19

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) is seeking a highly
motivated Legislative Assistant to join her team. Legislative portfolio will
include financial services, tax, budget, education, and judiciary, among other
issues. Qualified candidates should have a good knowledge of the legislative
process, coalition building, and have the ability to maintain strategic
relationships with constituent organizations. This position requires the ability
to advance the Congresswoman’s legislative priorities in their issue portfolio
and be creative in spotting new legislative opportunities. Candidates must be
self-starters and must be able to meet short deadlines and juggle many
priorities in a fast-paced environment. Ties to Delaware are a plus. This is not
an entry level position and this is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Interested
candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line by
COB March 22. No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.

MEM-123-19

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT: Midwestern Democratic Member is seeking
an experienced legislative staffer to handle a portfolio including health care
Page 3 of 9

and education. Ideal candidate will have prior experience as a Legislative
Assistant or otherwise managing health care and education policy. Candidate
must be proficient at advancing legislation, analyzing and briefing on
complex policy issues, and drafting a wide array of written materials. Strong
written and verbal communication skills and a demonstrated ability to work
collaboratively in a team environment are critical. This is not an entry level
position and interns will not be considered. At least three years of Hill or
other relevant professional experience is required. Applicants should email a
resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to resume.la@mail.house.gov.
MEM-121-19

The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Press Secretary to
manage and coordinate all media and public relations activities in a very busy
and dynamic office. The ideal candidate will be able to develop and execute
integrated communications plans, collaborate effectively with colleagues and
implement all press strategies.
Responsibilities include building and expanding the office’s relationships
with media outlets, working with the Chief of Staff and Legislative Director
to develop media strategies, successfully pitching stories and press events to a
wide range of media outlets, responding to and managing media inquiries
from diverse media outlets, writing op-eds, speeches, press releases,
statements and talking points. Responsibilities will also include working with
the deputy communications director in the District Office as well as
maintaining an active social media profile, managing the Member’s official
website, and other tasks.
Potential candidates must be able to thrive in a fast-paced office, have
excellent written and oral communication skills, and strong editing and
proofreading abilities. Candidates must be able to develop a keen
understanding of the unique priorities and views of the district and find ways
to advance the Member’s objectives.
This is a senior level position which requires dedication, close attention to
detail and the ability to think outside the box. Non-traditional work hours, and
travel to the District are to be expected. Hawaii ties are ideal but not required.
Veteran applications are welcome.
No calls or drop ins. Qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume
and writing samples to: hi02jobs@gmail.com

MEM-119-19

Congressman Paul Cook’s office seeks a Scheduler to handle all meeting and
invitation requests. Previous scheduling experience is preferred. California
ties preferred. Ideal candidates should be organized, display exceptional
Page 4 of 9

attention to detail, and be able to handle a fast-paced and demanding work
environment. In addition, candidates should possess strong people skills with
the ability to communicate with a variety of personalities in a pleasant and
professional manner. Responsibilities include but are not limited to the
following: processing all scheduling requests, invitations, and events for the
Member’s calendar; responding to all invitations, either by email
correspondence or by personal telephone call; and handling Member
correspondence and travel. Additional responsibilities include some driving
and staffing the Member and other administrative tasks as assigned. Email
resume to with “Scheduler” in the subject line to cook.ca08.jobs@gmail.com
MEM-116-19

The Office of Congressman G. K. Butterfield (D-NC) seeks an energetic,
organized, and creative Communications Director to join the Washington,
DC office. The Communications Director will be responsible for leading the
press and media operations, and developing and implementing the media,
communications, and public relations strategy for the Member. The
Communications Director reports directly to the Member and the Chief of
Staff, while closely collaborating with other members of the staff.
Primary Responsibilities
• Develop and execute creative strategies focused on highlighting the
member’s top priorities;
• Cultivate and maintain contact with key reporters in both Washington, DC
and North Carolina;
• Book the member on television, radio, and other platforms as well as pitch
to national and regional outlets;
• Organize press events, reporter backgrounders, press releases, floor
speeches, op-eds, social media and e-newsletter content, and other materials
as needed;
• Supervise and work in collaboration with the digital media assistant to
utilize digital assets to reach broader audiences;
• Help with other assignments and tasks as requested by the member and the
member’s three offices.
Minimum Qualifications
•Experience pitching stories, cultivating reporter relations, speaking on the
record, and staffing principles for interviews;
•Demonstrated understanding of media relations, the legislative process, and
the procedures and organization of the House of Representatives;
•Ability to work well in fast-paced environments and prioritize a varied
workload with the flexibility to adapt to the needs of the member, staff,
media, and the constituents;
•Strong writing and editing skills with the ability to turn projects around on
deadline.

Page 5 of 9

North Carolina ties and Capitol Hill experience are preferred, but not
required. Any interested applicant should be a team player. Applicants should
submit their resume, cover letter, and 2-3 work samples here.
URL: https://airtable.com/shrXJ6h70909EhTkL
MEM-113-19

Congresswoman Lauren Underwood (IL-14) is seeking a District Director
based in her West Chicago, Illinois office. The District Director will oversee
the management and operation of two district offices, including establishing a
second district office location and hiring and managing approximately 6
district office staff and interns. The District Director serves as a key liaison to
local organizations and elected officials and works closely with the DC-based
staff to provide unparalleled constituent services and develop and implement
immediate and long-term strategic outreach plans. Qualified candidates will
demonstrate management experience, a deep understanding of how to create
and maintain a culture of exceptional service, strong oral and written
communications skills, and strategic planning abilities. The position requires
the ability to multi-task, thrive under pressure, and the flexibility to work long
hours, including nights and weekends. Ties to the Illinois 14th Congressional
District and Illinois are preferred but not essential.
Women and people of color are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental
status. To apply for the District Director position, please send cover letter and
resume to Illinois14.DistrictJobs@gmail.com with “District Director” in the
subject line. Salary commensurate with experience. This is NOT an entrylevel position. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-112-19

The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Deputy Chief of Staff
to lead operations of the DC office in a very busy and dynamic environment.
The ideal candidate will be able to develop and manage an integrated
communications and legislative strategy, advising on messaging strategy,
collaborate effectively with colleagues and work directly with the Member
and Chief of Staff. Background in Communications and/or Financial Services
welcome, but not required.
Potential candidates must be able to thrive in a fast-paced office, have strong
leadership abilities, excellent written and oral communication skills, and
editing/proofreading abilities. Candidates must be able to develop a keen
understanding of the unique priorities and views of the district and find ways
to advance the Member’s objectives.
This is a senior level position which requires dedication, close attention to
detail and creative problem-solving. Non-traditional work hours, and travel to
Page 6 of 9

the District are to be expected. Hawaii ties are ideal but not required. Veteran
applications are welcome.
No calls or drop ins. Qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume
and writing samples to: hi02jobs@gmail.com
MEM-109-19

Congressman Donald McEachin is hiring a Communications Director to
work in his Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include
communications planning and press strategy for D.C. and the district; drafting
press materials including: remarks, talking points, newsletters, statements,
press releases, and media advisories; pitching media events; assisting with the
management of the Congressman’s social media accounts; interview
preparation; and overseeing the office’s franked mail program.
The ideal candidate is a strong writer, politically savvy, detail-oriented,
flexible, creative, and a self-starter. Occasional travel to the district and nontraditional hours - including night and weekend work - should be expected.
Congressional district or Virginia ties are preferred but not required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to: McEachinJobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-108-19

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a high-energy, highlyorganized, and detail-oriented District Staff Member for his office in
Gaithersburg, MD.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
●Serve as the official representative for the Member in the community.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships
for the Member.
●Monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
issues of importance.
●Staff and provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and
events for the Member.
●Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
●Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
●Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
●Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
●Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
●Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
Page 7 of 9

casework responsibilities.
●Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
●Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
●Strong oral and written communication skills.
●Thorough knowledge of legislative process.
●Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
●Maryland ties are a plus.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to md06.jobs@gmail.com
with “District Staff” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk ins.

MEM-104-19

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett seeks Senior Health LA for Washington office. Not
an entry level job. Law degree a plus. Email cover letter, resume, and three
references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins please)
Reply with subject line, Senior Health LA.

MEM-103-19

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett seeks Staff Assistant for Washington office.
Spanish a strong plus. Email cover letter, resume, and three references to:
DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins please) Reply with
subject line, Staff Assistant Application.

MEM-102-19

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce
Subcommittee on Health is seeking a Policy Analyst/Clerk available to start
immediately. Responsibilities include administrative duties, liaising with
member offices, aiding in preparation for and clerking Congressional hearings
and mark-ups, and some writing, editing, and proofing. Successful candidates
will be dependable, highly organized, and possess strong writing and
communication skills. Please send resume, cover letter, and a writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-100-19

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia seeks a Counsel to handle
her Judiciary Committee portfolio with a significant focus on immigration.
The position will also cover a wide ranging legislative portfolio of issues to
be determined. Candidates should have experience drafting, advancing, and
analyzing legislation and monitoring legislative developments along with a
proven track record of developing ideas for legislation. This is not an entrylevel position.
Texas ties and Spanish fluency a plus. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages women, minorities, and LGBTQ candidates to
apply. Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to

Page 8 of 9

TX29SG.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “TX-29 Judiciary Counsel” in the
subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-090-19

The House Small Business Committee Majority Staff seeks a Deputy Press
Secretary/ Digital Strategist to join an active communications office. The
individual will help to spearhead the Committee’s digital presence as well as
draft press materials such as press releases, talking points, and op-eds. Ideal
candidate is a politically savvy, detail-oriented and creative self-starter, who
is familiar with social media trends and able to use data to evaluate and
improve the digital program. This is a great opportunity for a dynamic staffer
with an interest in both the digital and traditional media realms. Ideal
candidate will have a minimum of one year of experience working in
communications, including working on Capitol Hill, or in government or a
campaign environment. Previous digital experience is required. The office is
an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply.
Qualified applicants should email a resume, cover letter, one writing and one
digital sample to hsbcdems@gmail.com with “Deputy Press Secretary/ Digital
Strategist” in the subject line.

MEM-456-18

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is
currently seeking a Deputy Clerk to assist the Chief Clerk in the 116th
Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to archiving and records
keeping, notices and circulations, official filings, editing letters and reports,
hearing, markup and conference logistics and proceeding, bill drops and floor
logistics, redlines, updates to the website, managing intern and fellowship
program, maintaining the documents room, updating and maintaining the
Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned. Candidates should
possess exceptional organizational skills, be comfortable with public
speaking, and have excellent writing and research skills. The Deputy clerk
will be required to assume all clerking duties in the absence of the Chief
Clerk. Previous congressional experience is highly encouraged. Salary
commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should email their cover
letter, resume and writing sample to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. To
ensure proper identification, please put “DEPUTY CLERK APPLICATION”
in the subject line.

Page 9 of 9

