House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 17, 2020

MEM-226-20

The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated
and hardworking communications professional to join fast-paced
communications team as a press assistant.
Responsibilities include drafting news releases, social media posts, op-eds
and talking points; designing graphics for both social media and web content;
monitoring social media for trending topics; maintaining and updating press
lists; and compiling daily press clips.
Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral communication
skills, a proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks
and sound political judgment.
Prior Hill or campaign communications experience, as well as professional
social media and digital experience (including graphic design and photo and
video editing), is preferred. Women and minority candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
Page 1 of 9

Please no phone calls.
MEM-225-20

The office of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz is seeking a
Legislative Assistant to oversee Healthcare issues as well as all other
relevant legislative and policy work.
This position reports to the Legislative Director and responsibilities include
advising the Member on all matters in the issue portfolio; developing and
advancing legislative proposals; analyzing legislation and drafting vote
recommendations; drafting talking points for floor and committee
proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; representing the
Member before constituents and stakeholders. This position also works
closely with the Appropriations Director on handling Labor HHS
Appropriations related work.
The ideal candidate will have an advanced degree; experience in health care
policy; experience advising a Member of Congress; experience advancing
policy proposals; excellent written and verbal communication skills; and
enjoy working in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Prior work in
another Congressional or Senate office with Florida ties is a major plus.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to
FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Health.” Please save
cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last
name, First name.”
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Application materials must be received by 12:00pm EST August 20, 2020.

MEM-223-20

The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski seeks a Caseworker based in
Somerville, NJ to assist constituents with federal agencies. The position will
predominantly support immigration casework and other issues as assigned.
This is a public-facing position, directly assisting constituents of New
Jersey’s 7th Congressional District. Applicants must possess the temperament
to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner. Conversational Spanish is strongly preferred.
Essential Job Functions:
•Acts as the representative for the Congressman within their areas of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
•Prepares periodic reports for the District Director and Chief of Staff on
Page 2 of 9

pending cases and district activities in their assigned issue areas;
•Continually screens active cases and acts as a liaison with constituents to
ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
•Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the Legislative Director.
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
•Staffing the Congressman at events in the district and serving as support staff
for events put on by the office.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Skills and Knowledge Required:
•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman
is involved;
•Professional telephone manner;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
Applicants must be willing to work a flexible schedule including some
evenings and weekends. 1-2 years of work experience preferred.
The starting salary for this position is $40,000. Diverse candidates, women,
and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Note: The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski is currently observing a
100% teleworking posture. Interested applicants should expect to work
remotely until such time that public health conditions allow for the permanent
reopening of our Somerville, NJ office.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
NJ07Resumes@gmail.com with the subject line “NJ07 Caseworker.” The
office will be accepting applications until COB Friday, Aug. 21.
No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-221-20

Rocky Mountain Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant to assist both the
Washington D.C. and District Office.
Currently both offices are in a state of full time telework. Primary duties will
include managing the incoming calls to both offices phone systems, assisting
with District Office with constituent casework intake, and assisting the
Washington D.C. office with legislative work.

Page 3 of 9

While physical presence in the Washington D.C. area is not immediately
required, applicants must be prepared to relocate within 90 days of hire to be
prepared to work out of the Washington D.C. office at such time as the
COVID-19 pandemic allows for a return to our physical office space.
At such time as the COVID-19 pandemic allows, this individual will fulfil the
role of the Staff Assistant in the Washington D.C. office. Those
responsibilities will include staffing and managing the front office, answering
the phone, greeting visitors, handling tour and flag requests, overseeing the
internship program, occasionally driving the Member to and from events
during regular office hours and afterhours, and providing additional office
support as needed.
Although this is an entry-level position, candidates should have excellent oral
and written communication skills, great attention to detail, strong time
management skills, an ability to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines,
and a sense of humor. Capitol Hill experience and/or Western ties are
preferred, but not required. Proof of clean driving record is required.
Please send a resume and cover letter to:
RockyMountainDem@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.
MEM-219-20

New York Congressman is seeking an experienced press secretary to join his
DC office.
The press secretary is responsible for developing and executing a media
strategy, which includes writing press releases, talking points, and op-eds,
while also managing the Member's social media pages, web site, pitching
story ideas and working closely with reporters.
Must have on-the-record experience and strong writing skills. Candidates with
NY ties a plus. This is not an entry level position.
Please send resume and writing sample to ny03.resumes@gmail.com. Phone
calls and drop-ins not accepted.

MEM-217-20

Conservative Congressman seeks a Legislative Correspondent for the
Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include drafting constituent letters,
sorting and batching mail, and assisting the legislative staff with various
projects.
Applicants should possess strong conservative credentials, effective writing
and research skills, attention to detail, and the ability to manage multiple tasks
at once. Previous Capitol Hill experience preferred.

Page 4 of 9

To apply, send resume and cover letter to goplc1776@gmail.com
MEM-212-20

Congressman Ted Lieu has an opening for a Staff Assistant in his Los
Angeles District Office. Primary responsibilities include answering phones,
maintaining the front office, assisting with various administrative and
legislative duties and aiding constituents with federal casework.
The Staff Assistant will greet constituents, ensures that constituent requests
for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member in a timely manner
and will assist district staff to ensure the proper execution of events and
programs in the district.
The successful applicant must have a positive attitude and the ability to work
and set priorities in a fast- paced and challenging environment. Strong writing
and verbal communications skills are essential. A valid California Driver
License and automobile are required. Bilingual skills are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal benefits. Congressman Lieu’s primary
district office is located in West Los Angeles. This office is an Equal
Opportunity Employer.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples
no later than August 7, 2020 to:
NICOLAS RODRIQUEZ
District Director
Congressman Ted Lieu (CA-33) 1645 Corinth Avenue, Suite 101 Los
Angeles, CA 90025
Lieu.Staff@mail.house.gov

MEM-210-20

Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke is hiring a Communications Director to
work in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include communications planning and press strategy for D.C.
and the district; drafting press materials including: remarks, talking points,
newsletters, statements, press releases, and media advisories; pitching media
events; assisting with the management of the Congresswoman’s social media
accounts; interview preparation; and overseeing the office’s franked mail and
digital programs.
The ideal candidate is a strong writer, politically savvy, detail-oriented,
flexible, creative, and a self-starter.
Occasional travel to the district and non-traditional hours - including night
and weekend work - should be expected. Strong ties to New York press
preferred.
Page 5 of 9

Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three writing
samples to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov and include “Communications
Director” in the subject line.
MEM-207-20

Representative Spanberger seeks a Staff Assistant for her district office in
Glen Allen, VA.
Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized,
detail-oriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal skills, and
ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates must demonstrate excellent “people skills,” most importantly
displaying compassion in all interactions, and a strong commitment to
providing outstanding constituent service.
The ideal candidate should: be able to think on their feet, be a problem-solver,
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multi-task, demonstrate
excellent oral and written skills, maintain a positive demeanor, and
demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
Primary responsibilities include: managing the front office, including
answering, appropriately logging, and directing telephone calls; greeting
visitors; monitoring office deliveries; distributing hard and electronic mail;
and other administrative duties.
The Staff Assistant will also assist district staff with constituent casework;
constituent outreach; event scheduling, planning, and execution; among other
constituent service duties.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The
office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information,
disability, or uniformed service.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and a 1-page writing sample to
spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until August 4.

MEM-206-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire a Research
and Data Analyst.
In this capacity the Analyst will be responsible for leading data and research
collection and analysis for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion. This
Page 6 of 9

individual will lead the development of the required diversity report, maintain
key metrics and key performance indicators for the Office, and serve as a
resource for external and internal diversity best practices.
This individual will also serve as the project manager for any consultants
and/or contractors with whom the Office may engage to support the
completion of the diversity report and to develop relevant diversity and
inclusion-based training, in collaboration with the Congressional Staff
Academy.
Key Responsibilities
• This staffer will assist in the translation of research findings into materials
that staff can effectively utilize in their engagements with Members and
Member offices.
• Provide research support on diversity and inclusion studies, techniques and
tools.
• Serve as project manager for the diversity report and, where necessary,
direct and coordinate activities of external consultants.
• Research and study best practices for retention and growth in House
employing offices.
• Lead data tracking and reporting with a focus on performance and results.
• Prepare regular updates and briefing documents on research that is relevant
to House employing offices.
• Assist with the development and delivery of training sessions and, as
needed, conduct presentations at professional conferences and meetings.
Master’s degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field; or equivalent
level of experience providing technical assistance, data collections and/or
research.
• Must have knowledge and experience in diversity, equity, and inclusion
research efforts, ideally with a strong background in curriculum development.
Current working knowledge of coalition functioning, evaluation and research.
• Quantitative and qualitative evaluation and research skills.
• Expertise using relevant software.
• Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a
diverse team.
• Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on
assignment.
• Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
• Extensive computer skills, including data input.
Interested candidates should apply by following the instructions here:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/86?c=house
Candidates will be asked to upload a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples.
Page 7 of 9

Salary commensurate with experience.
Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill,
as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of
relevant policy.
This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing
statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references.
Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line

MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects.
A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.

Page 8 of 9

Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 9 of 9

