House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 6, 2020

MEM-133-20

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (D-DE) seeks an extremely wellorganized, enthusiastic, and professional Staff Assistant to serve in her DC
office.
Responsibilities include managing the front office, greeting visitors,
answering phone calls, processing flag and tour requests, overseeing the
intern program and supervising interns, assisting with the constituent
correspondence operation, and providing support to the Congresswoman and
staff as needed.
Successful candidates will possess strong interpersonal, organizational and
communications skills and an ability to handle multiple competing deadlines
under pressure. Internship or other Hill experience is preferred. Delaware ties
are a plus.
Please email your resume, cover letter, and one brief writing sample to
lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with the subject “Staff Assistant Application.”
This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages all qualified
candidates to apply.
Page 1 of 8

No calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-132-20

California Democrat is seeking a talented and highly motivated Press
Secretary/Digital Director. The person chosen for the position will work
closely with the Communications Director to develop and execute the
Congresswoman’s long-term communication plan.
They will assist with media relations, oversee all video production and
photography, and be responsible for leading or contributing to regular
newsletters, mail pieces and reports.
The Press Secretary/Digital Director will be responsible for a wide range of
critical functions, including developing original social media content;
designing graphics and web content and maintaining the office’s website.
Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director with drafting press
releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds and other materials. Media list
maintenance is an important part of this job.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous experience in press or relevant
social media experience is required. Qualified applicants must have strong
writing, editing, proofreading skills and be proficient in photography, video
recording and editing.
They must be detail-oriented, news savvy and able to work in a fast-paced,
demanding work setting. A sense of humor and ability to be a team player is a
must. Spanish language skills are also a big plus. Like all communications
jobs, evening and weekend work will be expected.
Successful applicants will need to demonstrate their writing ability by
completing an in person writing and editing test.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples to ResumeInbox5@mail.house.gov
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

MEM-131-20

The Office of Congressman Greg Pence is seeking a Legislative
Correspondent with an exceptional work ethic and strong writing skills to
manage all aspects of constituent correspondence in the DC office.
Ideal candidates will have knowledge of the legislative process, excellent
writing and organizations skills, and attention to detail. Duties include but are
not limited to processing constituent inquires, drafting correspondence,
Page 2 of 8

preparing weekly mail reports, and monitoring floor activity. Preliminary
knowledge of IQ is preferred. This is not an entry level position. Indiana ties
preferred.
Qualified applicants should submit a resume and writing sample to
gopresumesubmission@gmail.com
MEM-129-20

Office of Congressman Jim Baird seeks an experienced Legislative
Assistant. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, with 2-3
years of Hill experience. This role requires strong writing, research and
organizational skills.
Key responsibilities include but not limited to:
•develop and plan legislative initiatives
•monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor
•write Floor speeches for the Member
•draft constituent correspondence
•meet with constituents and special interest groups on behalf of the Member
This is not an entry level position. Qualified candidates should include their
resume and professional references.
Please send applications to ResumeIN@mail.house.gov with the subject “LA
– Rep. Baird”

MEM-122-20

Southern California Democrat seeks Press Assistant to support very active,
Washington, DC office. This individual reports to the Communications
Director and will be responsible for creating content for social media
platforms, recording and editing video, and updating website.
In addition, the staff member will produce daily clips, draft press releases,
assist with responding to press inquiries, compile and update press lists.
Candidates will be creative and strong writers who understand social media
trends. This individual will have experience with photography, graphic
creation, and video editing. Previous digital communications experience on
Capitol Hill, a campaign, or at a communications firm is strongly preferred.
The ideal candidate is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, and
willing to work long hours in a fast-paced and demanding setting. Spanish
fluency and Southern California ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, a writing sample,
and two examples of graphics or other digital communications work to
CA26Resumes@gmail.com with “Press Assistant” in the subject line.

Page 3 of 8

No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-121-20

Rep. Barragán seeks a Legislative Correspondent/Special Assistant to join
the Washington, DC office. This is a newly created position in the office
which requires exceptional writing skills and a commitment to timely and
creative constituent correspondence.
Successful candidates will have strong organizational skills, attention to
detail, and the ability to multi-task and prioritize effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
The primary responsibilities for this position include:
-Manage the office’s constituent correspondence program in a timely and
thorough
manner;
-Conduct legislative research and draft response letters;
-Sort, batch and respond to correspondence through Fireside;
-Keep Fireside database complete and current;
-Manage intern correspondence work; and
-Support the legislative team with various assignments.
Secondary responsibilities include:
-This position entails being a secondary driver to the Member;
-Assist the Communications team with assignments;-Draft briefing materials for the Congressmember; and
-Perform other administrative tasks as needed.
Please submit a resume and cover letter to Resume.Inbox7@mail.house.gov.
Applications materials must be received by March 31, 2020. The salary range
for this position is $38-42K annually depending on experience. A timed
writing test will be conducted for selected candidates.
The Office is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and all qualified
candidates are encouraged to apply.

MEM-113-20

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include
assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining
the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking
and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members
of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants
Page 4 of 8

must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone
manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel;
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good
judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting
with daily tasks and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position
with a starting salary of $38,000 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-112-20

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (I-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and selfmotivated legislative counsel to join our Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative counsel will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will
be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative counsel applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-109-20

Active Democratic House Member seeks Staff Assistant for Washington,
D.C. office. Responsibilities include: managing the front office; managing the
intern program; sorting mail; answering phones; processing flag requests;
compiling daily news clips; booking and coordinating constituent tours of
DC; assisting with responses to constituent mail and other administrative
tasks.

Page 5 of 8

Position may include assisting the Member's subcommittee staff with
administrative work.
Ideal candidates will have relevant experience, be well organized, have a
clean driving record, and comfortable working collaboratively with a fast
paced team. A sense of humor and California ties are preferred.
Please send resume and cover letter to ca07jobs@gmail.com. Please include
Staff Assistant in the email subject line.
No walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-106-20

Staff Assistant - The Office of Congressman Jim Baird (IN-04) seeks an
enthusiastic and highly organized professional to serve as a Staff Assistant.
Essential strengths of ideal candidates include excellent writing skills, a
strong attention to detail, and the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced
environment.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to answer the telephones;
•to greet visitors to the office;
•to answer constituent requests for general information, tours, and other
inquiries;
•to monitor delivery and pickup of materials;
•to maintain front office; and
•to assist with various administrative and legislative duties.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•professional telephone manner;
•proficiency in word processing;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
DUTIES:
•answers and screens telephone calls for the Member and other staff members
and takes messages;
•greets and screens visitors;
•assists persons who have appointments with the Member or other staff
members. Works closely with the Member's Scheduler to ensure that the
Member's appointments are on time and that the Scheduler is aware of the
visitors' arrival;
•responds to constituent requests for flags, tours and other information;
•maintains handout literature regarding the district and the House;
•signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to the office to
appropriate staff members in a timely manner;
•maintains the office answering machine or voice mail;
Page 6 of 8

•ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff
member in a timely manner;
•writes down visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
•logs in mail;
•performs general typing and administrative assignments;
•sends, receives, and distributes materials via the facsimile machine; and
•performs other administrative and legislative duties as assigned.
To apply, please send resume to ResumeIN@mail.house.gov
MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill,
as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of
relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements
and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.

MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects.
A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.

Page 7 of 8

Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 8 of 8

