________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 16, 2024

MEM-382-24

The Military and Veterans Affairs Liaison is responsible for maintaining
relationships with veterans, military members, military installations and
organizations, veterans organizations and offices, and other like entities
within the district. Additionally, the liaison will be responsible for all military
and veterans related casework and lead the office’s service academy
nomination process.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting
with constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and
serving as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
• Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his
or her assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and
interacting with constituents, organizations, etc;
• Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons
or groups to form effective relationships for the Member;
• Acts as a liaison to and notifies the appropriate media when the
Member will be in the liaison’s area and works with the Member’s
Scheduler and Press Secretary to ensure appropriate media
participation;
• Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and
makes recommendations to the District Director and Director of
Constituent Services;
Page 1 of 13

•
•
•

•
•
•
•

Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with
constituents;
Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
Assists with the handling of office matters such as logging incoming
and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and
computer operations;
Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases
and district activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents
to ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and
constituents;
Performs other duties as assigned.

EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
• Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and
experience preferred;
• Previous office experience is preferred;
• Previous experience working for a Member of Congress, elected
official, or government agency preferred;
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
• Accepts performance based criticism and directions;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
• Works a flexible schedule including some nights and weekends;
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization
and procedures;
• Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and
departments;
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the
Member is involved;
• Professional telephone manner;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a
tactful, pleasant, and professional manner;
• Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a
tactful, pleasant, and professional manner;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment
of casework responsibilities;
• Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
• Knowledge of office computer applications; and
• Proficiency in word processing.
Page 2 of 13

WORKING CONDITIONS:
• Work is mainly performed in an office environment;
• Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of
privacy.
• This job is primarily performed in-person
• This position will be in the District Offices of Congressman Max
Miller (Medina and Parma, Ohio)
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume
to Raymond.Paoletta@mail.house.gov.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-381-24

Representative Seth Moulton (D-MA) is hiring a hard-working, dynamic, and
team-oriented Digital Communications Manager or Director for his Salem
Congressional Office. Salary and title are commensurate with experience and
competitive with similar public service jobs.
The Digital Communications staffer will be responsible for managing
Congressman Moulton’s digital brand – including paid and organic social
media, email newsletters, the Congressman’s official website, and more. This
role will also be charged with expanding the team’s use of video, educating
our constituents about Congressman Moulton’s work, and creatively engaging
and growing our online audiences.
This position will also support the drafting and distribution of written
materials like media advisories and remarks for District events. They will
frequently attend events with Congressman Moulton and capture video and
photos for social media and newsletter content.
This position is based out of the Salem, MA office and will report directly to
the DC-based Communications Director. The communications team will work
together seamlessly across Washington and Massachusetts. This is not an
entry level position.
To apply: send your resume, cover letter, three references, and the three
things you’ve created professionally (at least two written products) that best
represent your work to MA06.Resumes@mail.house.gov by 11:59 PM EST
on October 1st, 2024.
Desired Attributes and Skills:
Page 3 of 13

•
•

•
•
•
•
•

You’re a clear and concise writer who can adapt to the Congressman’s
voice.
You are passionate about digital communications and have an
excellent knowledge of the social media landscape. You have
experience managing the digital brand of a principal, brand, or
organization.
You are proficient in graphic design (i.e. Canva) and video editing
tools (light editing and captioning), and photography.
You are organized and excellent at time-management. You are
comfortable moving in between tasks and making decisions about
prioritization in the moment.
You have some experience conceptualizing communications strategies
and want to expand that knowledge.
You’re proactive, extremely collaborative, and adaptable. You love
fast-paced environments and are ready to learn new things.
You believe in the importance of public service.

Qualifications:
The ideal candidate has at least 2-3 years of full-time experience working as
part of a communications team. We are looking for someone with new and
creative ideas who has excellent instincts, is quick-thinking and proactive,
and who is diplomatic with the ability to build strong relationships. You
should be interested in learning and writing about a wide range of policy
issues – from national security to tax reform. You are ultimately a thought
partner who will work across every corner of our team to elevate the work
that we do everyday.
You don’t have to be an expert on how Congress works, but at a minimum
you are interested in learning more about the federal government – and about
the 6th District – while honing your skills. You might not have all the desired
skills for this job, but you should have experience with the fundamentals of
graphic design, video, photography, and social media. You should also be a
clear and concise writer with the ability to adapt your writing style to the
Congressman’s voice.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will
receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion,
sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity,
sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions or any other
characteristic protected by law.
MEM-378-24

This is a full-time on-site role as a District Scheduler / Staff Assistant at the
Office of Congressman Brad Schneider in Lincolnshire, IL. The role involves
handling day-to-day scheduling tasks and providing administrative support to
the office.
Page 4 of 13

Job Duties:
• Coordinate In-District Scheduling: Organizes, coordinates, and
manages Congressman Schneider’s schedule for in-district meetings
and events.
• Collaborate with Operations: Partners closely with the Director of
Operations (DC) to manage meeting and event requests, draft event
memos, and maintain ongoing communication with event organizers.
• Create a Positive Office Environment: Provides a welcoming
atmosphere and ensures a positive first impression for constituents,
visitors, and stakeholders.
• Manage Communications: Handles incoming calls with
professionalism, poise, and efficiency.
• Capture Constituent Feedback: Collects and documents input from
constituents on policy issues for the Member’s review and response.
• Oversee Internship Program: Recruits, interviews, and onboards
interns for the District Office internship program.
• Support Casework Intake: Assists in the casework intake process for
constituents seeking assistance and maintains assigned casework
records.
• Plan and Execute Outreach Programs: Develops, supports, and
participates in office outreach programming as directed.
• Adapt to Feedback: Receives and incorporates performance-based
feedback and direction.
• Thrive Under Pressure: Demonstrates the ability to work well under
pressure and manage stress effectively.
• Ensure Reliable Attendance: Meets established attendance standards
set by the office.
• Provide Event Support: Staffs and transports Congressman Schneider
to and from events.
• Perform Additional Responsibilities: Undertakes other duties as
assigned.
Qualifications
• Excellent organizational and time management skills
• Strong communication and interpersonal abilities
• Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite
• Ability to multitask and work in a fast-paced environment
• Attention to detail and accuracy
• Previous experience in scheduling or administrative support is a plus
• Bachelor's degree in a relevant field
To apply: All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and
writing sample in a single PDF attachment to IL10.Jobs@mail.house.gov with

Page 5 of 13

the subject line “District Scheduler / Staff Assistant - [applicant’s last name]”.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. No calls or drop-ins please.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex marital or parental status, national origin,
age, disability, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other factor or
basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who
require reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring
processes are encouraged to request accommodation at any time during those
processes.
MEM-377-24

Congresswoman Robin Kelly (IL-02) seeks a District Press/Digital
Assistant for her Hyde Park, IL or Matteson, IL office who is a highly
motivated and detail-oriented individual with experience in communications,
digital media, and social media. This position will work closely with and
report to the Communications Director to assist with press operations - such
as talking points, press events, and direct constituent communications - and
produce digital content across social media platforms.
The ideal candidate will be creative, politically astute, have a strong
proficiency in crafting social media content across social media platforms,
and will be a team player with an ability to handle multiple tasks at once.
Excellent writing and strong organizational skills are essential, 1-2 years of
relevant experience (including internships) is preferred. Illinois ties are a plus.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Compiling daily press clips
• Drafting press releases, op-eds, advisories, newsletters, and other written
materials
• Taking photos and videos at District events
• Clipping, editing, and captioning videos
• Creating social media content and website content
• Attending and assisting at District outreach events
• Creating engaging graphics
• Creating and maintaining press lists
• Staffing the Congresswoman for in-district press opportunities
• Organizing the responsibilities of the communications department to ensure
all priorities are given adequate attention
• Other tasks as needed
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
• Excellent oral & written communication skills
• Some photo, video or web experience
• Ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks
• Comfortable with a constituent-facing role
• Basic understanding of the Congressional political process
Page 6 of 13

This is a full-time position based in Congresswoman Kelly’s Illinois office.
Employees are expected to work from the office with some work from home
flexibilities. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status),
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
Interested candidates must submit a resume to jessica.lee@mail.house.gov
with the following subject line: “Last Name – Press/Digital Assistant.”
Qualified candidates should submit a single PDF saved with
LastName.FirstName.PressAssistant to include:
• Cover letter
• Resume
• Two writing samples
• Two digital samples
MEM-375-24

The Office of Congresswoman Debbie Dingell is seeking a creative Digital
Director to oversee the office’s digital media operations, while assisting the
Communications Director execute the Member’s comprehensive
communications strategy.
Daily tasks include creating and managing content for the Member’s social
media platforms; updating and managing the website; graphic design; filming
and editing video content; overseeing daily press clips; drafting weekly enewsletters; assisting with franked media strategy; and assisting the
Communications Director with additional press responsibilities. The ideal
candidate will be proactive, organized, have a strong proficiency in crafting
digital content, experience working with media and external stakeholders, and
be a detail-oriented team player able to handle multiple tasks at once. This is
not an entry-level position, prior digital experience is required.
Excellent writing, video, and graphic editing skills are required, along with
the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Salary will be commensurate with experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or parental
status. Women, people of color, and other members of traditionally
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit their applications (resume, cover letter,
references, one writing sample, an original graphic and/or video, and sample
social posts) to Dingell.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Digital Director” in the
subject line.
Page 7 of 13

MEM-374-24

Congressman Jason Crow (CO-06) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working
Legislative Assistant, based in our Washington, D.C. office. This position
reports to the Legislative Director. The LA will handle a domestic-facing
portfolio, and applicants with background in any issue area are encouraged to
apply.
Key duties include:
• Meeting with constituents, stakeholders, and advocacy groups within
the portfolio of issue areas
• Working with external stakeholders, CRS, Legislative Counsel, and
committee staff to draft legislation based on the Member’s priorities
• Preparing and staffing the Member for meetings, and assisting in the
drafting of remarks, as needed
• Communicating clearly and consistently with the Member, Legislative
Director, and legislative, communications, and district teams on
legislative updates
Ideal candidates will have strong written and oral communications skills and
be detail-oriented, organized, and creative. Other key qualities include:
• Commitment to a collaborative work environment
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage competing
priorities
• Ability to communicate up and down within the team
• Ability to learn the Congressman’s voice and legislative priorities
• Interest in identifying and pursuing new opportunities and the ability
to anticipate and adapt to challenges
This office is committed to building a diverse and inclusive team: candidates
of color, women, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are encouraged to apply. This
office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Colorado ties are a plus and prior Hill experience is preferred. Compensation
is competitive and commensurate with level of experience.
Qualified applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
(no more than 3 pages) as one combined PDF to
co06.resumes@mail.house.gov. Include “Legislative Assistant – [Full
Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis
as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-373-24

Regional Director Overview
The mission of Congressman Don Davis' office is to share the experiences
and advocate for the people of eastern North Carolina daily. We strive to
Page 8 of 13

ensure that our constituents are seen and heard in Washington, DC, to
improve the quality of life for all families, provide hope, and ensure that
eastern North Carolinians do not feel forgotten.
The role involves keeping the District Director, Deputy Chief of Staff &
Legislative Director, Chief of Staff, and the Member of Congress informed on
regional matters of importance. Based in Greenville, NC, this position
requires extensive travel, with the majority of the work schedule spent in the
field rather than in the office. The role demands a high level of mobility and
flexibility to effectively engage with constituents and address regional issues.
Specific Responsibilities
• Manages regional outreach operations, coordinates special events and
activities, and forwards constituent casework within the district's
assigned region.
• Represents the Member by engaging with constituents and serving as
a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies throughout the
congressional district.
• Attends meetings and events to enhance the visibility of the
Congressman and his office, identifies key district events for the
Congressman’s schedule, and provides recommendations to the
District Director.
• Staffs the Congressman during regional and state visits, which may
require working evenings and weekends.
• Maintains a comprehensive contact list of local organizations,
businesses, community leaders, and religious institutions within the
assigned region.
• Prepares documents and briefing materials for events and ensures they
are well-organized and accurate.
• Documents events by taking notes, photos, and recording videos to
ensure thorough and accurate records.
• Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal officials, as well as other
groups, to build and maintain effective relationships for the Member.
• Evaluates regional issues needing legislative attention and provides
recommendations to the District Director, Deputy Chief of Staff &
Legislative Director, Chief of Staff, and the Member of Congress.
• Compiles and submits weekly reports to the District Director detailing
outreach activities within the assigned regional areas.
• Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and key information relevant to
the office.
• Provides regional support in other areas when covering for an absent
regional director, as directed by the District Director.
• Adheres to office attendance policies and maintains a flexible
schedule, including extended hours, nights, and weekends.
• Cultivates and maintains strong working relationships with the
Member, staff, and constituents.
Page 9 of 13

•
•

Responds constructively to performance-based feedback and
directives, thriving under pressure and managing stress effectively.
Undertakes additional responsibilities as assigned.

Education (or equivalent experience)
A minimum of two years of experience and strong academic qualifications are
required. Alternatively, candidates may have four years of related experience
or training in legislative functions or a comparable field.
Skills and Knowledge Required
• Strong North Carolina ties, particularly eastern North Carolina;
• Strong commitment to public service and willingness to work with a
diverse population;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Interest in the legislative process and House organization and
procedures;
• Interest in local, state and federal agencies and departments;
• Professional telephone manner;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a
tactful, pleasant, and professional manner;
• Willing to drive long distances throughout a large and mostly rural
district;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment
of responsibilities.
How to Apply
Interested candidates should submit a resume (no longer than 1 page), cover
letter (no longer than 1 page), three references (including name, title,
organization, contact details, and your relationship with them) in a single PDF
to nc01resumes@gmail.com. Use the subject line: “Your Full Name –
Regional Director.”
We welcome candidates from diverse backgrounds. Our office is an equal
opportunity employer, committed to inclusivity and non-discrimination based
on race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-363-24 Staff Assistant Opening – East Hartford, CT: Rep. John B. Larson seeks Staff
Assistant for East Hartford, CT office. Responsibilities include managing the
front office, welcoming office visitors, supervising interns, organizing
incoming mail and phone messages, providing general administrative support
to the office, and other duties as assigned.
The position requires strong written and oral communication skills, attention
to detail, along with the ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.
While not required, fluency in Spanish is a plus.
Page 10 of 13

Salary is commensurate with experience. The benefits package includes
health, dental, and vision insurance, retirement benefits, transit or parking
benefits, 18 days of annual leave, and 12 weeks of paid FMLA. Student loan
repayment is also available.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women,
minorities, and LGBTQ candidates to apply. Please submit resume, cover
letter, one short writing sample (one page max), and two references to
ct01SA@mail.house.gov with “District Staff Assistant – [your last name]” in
the subject line. Please send all materials in ONE PDF. No calls or drop-ins,
please. The deadline to apply is August 27, 2024, with applications
considered on a rolling basis.
MEM-358-24

Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib (D-MI) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working
Legislative Assistant to serve as the primary staffer covering the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability. The Legislative Assistant will also cover a robust
policy portfolio, including civil rights and liberties, foreign affairs, veterans
affairs, immigration, and gun control. The title of Policy Advisor may be
considered for exceptionally qualified candidates with considerable legislative
experience.
An ideal applicant will have a minimum of 2-3 years of Hill experience, strong
oral and written communication skills, diligent attention to detail, the ability to
work on short deadlines and adapt to dynamic situations, strong research and
investigative skills, and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment and within
a collaborative team.
This is a full-time, in-person position in Washington, D.C. The staffer reports to
the Legislative Director, Chief of Staff, and Member. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please
email Rashida.Jobs@mail.house.gov (SUBJECT: Legislative Assistant Oversight, YOUR NAME) with a cover letter, resume and 2-3 references. This
position will often include evening and weekend work as the Congressional
schedule requires. Michigan ties are desirable, but not required. The Office is
unionized and offers robust, competitive benefits. Applications are due by August
19th.

MEM-135-24

PRESS SECRETARY- The Office of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03)
seeks an experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates must be able to manage media relations, press opportunities, and
messaging for a senior member of Congress. This role reports to the
Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active
relationships with top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience will
receive preferred consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
Page 11 of 13

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations,
messaging, and risk management.
•Advance press events and staff the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current
relationships with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the office’s larger communications
strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who
does not discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex (including
pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation, marital status,
disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization,
retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor. LGBTQ+,
and minority candidates as well as candidates from underrepresented groups are
encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working in
legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
Page 12 of 13

•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant strongly
preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights, women’s
rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience. Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2 references
to ellis.mcginnis@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director/Counsel” in the
subject line. This position will remain open until filled. Incomplete applications
may not be considered. This office is an equal opportunity employer and will
consider all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or
national origin.

Page 13 of 13

