House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 19, 2016

MEM-289-16

The Office of General Counsel (“OGC”), which provides legal advice and
representation to Members, committees, officers, and employees of the House
on matters related to their official duties without regard to political affiliation,
is accepting applications for the position of Assistant General Counsel. Core
responsibilities include: drafting pleadings and appellate briefs; appearing in
court in litigation matters in which the House or individual Members, officers,
or staff have an official interest; performing legal research; analyzing legal
problems presented by House Members, committees, officers, and employees,
and formulating recommended solutions; advising and counseling House
Members, committees, officers, and employees on a wide range of legal
issues; gathering facts necessary to permit OGC to provide sound legal
advice; interacting with House leadership, committees, and other House
offices; interacting with opposing counsel (both government and private);
representing witnesses in connection with investigative proceedings; assisting
in administering OGC; and working closely with other OGC attorneys and
support staff in performing these functions.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Page 1 of 5

Minimum Requirements: (1) excellent academic credentials; (2) at least five
years’ experience as a practicing attorney (including substantial experience
litigating substantive motions in federal district court); (3) excellent writing,
analytical, and people skills; (4) excellent judgment; (5) ability to work with,
and to provide high quality legal advice and representation to, House
Members, committees, officers, and employees, without regard to their
political affiliation; and (6) appreciation of – or at least the desire to learn
about and understand – the role and functioning of the Legislative Branch.
Preferred Qualifications: (1) federal judicial clerkship; (2) federal appellate
experience; (3) first chair courtroom experience or equivalent; and (4)
understanding of structure and operations of the House of Representatives and
the Executive Branch generally (and the Department of Justice in particular).
Information about OGC is available at http://www.ogc.house.gov.
Email cover letter, resume, and transcript to
OGC.Employment@mail.house.gov
MEM-288-16

Senior California Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior
Legislative Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the
Financial Services Committee and other issues. Candidates should have
substantial experience with financial services issues and substantial
Congressional experience. The successful applicant will possess strong
writing and oral communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable
in a fast-paced environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply,
please e-mail a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
HouseFinancialServicesLA@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-286-16

Democratic Member of Congress from North Carolina seeks a Legislative
Assistant for D.C. Office. The legislative portfolio includes Education,
Transportation, Science, Space, & Technology, Telecommunications, and
Women’s Rights. This individual is responsible for drafting legislation and
amendments, tracking legislation, developing legislative initiatives, writing
speeches and floor statements, staffing the Member in Committee, and
representing the Member in meetings with constituents and interested parties.
Applicants should have experience in education policy, excellent written and
verbal communication skills, work well under pressure in a fast-paced
environment, be a strong team player, and have at least two years of
legislative experience on Capitol Hill. Ties to North Carolina are a plus.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two brief writing
samples along with three references to nchousejobs@gmail.com. Please be
sure to put LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT in the subject line. No Drop-Bys or
Phone Calls.

MEM-283-16

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks an experienced Legislative
Assistant to work on Ways and Means Committee issues. Excellent written
and oral communication skills required. Hill experience and law degree with

Page 2 of 5

tax experience preferred. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.
MEM-274-16

The District Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark is currently
accepting applicants for the position of Constituent Service Representative
(CSR). The CSR monitors and updates the Member and District Director on
district and local issues as well as serves as a liaison to federal, district, and
local agencies for the member and constituents.
This position is responsible for a wide range of outreach, relationship
management, event coordination, and correspondence. We’re looking for
someone who has great judgment, keen political skills, is quick on their feet
and ready to seize opportunities (or create them). The ideal candidate is fast
but highly detail oriented, and is a strong written and oral communicator.
Essential Job Functions Required:
• Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a
liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
• Informs the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in
his or her assigned geographic & issue areas by screening district media
sources and interacting with constituents;
• Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or
groups to form effective relationships for the Member;
• Manages at least 1 casework assignment area & assesses casework for
problems requiring legislative action and makes recommendations to the
District Director and/or Chief of Staff;
• Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
• Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
• Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and
district activities in his or her assigned geographic & issue areas;
• Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to
ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
• Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
• Performs other duties as assigned.
This is a full time position.
Education, Skills, & Knowledge Required:
• 3-5 years relevant experience required; experience with the military &
veteran’s issues or SSDI preferred.
• Exceptional written & oral communication, organizational and project
management skills with an overall execution orientation; track record of
effectively managing complex, multi-stakeholder projects;
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
• Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the
Page 3 of 5

Congresswoman is involved;
• Strong political instincts, and a proactive entrepreneurial mindset;
• Grace under pressure; ability to delegate, communicate, and act decisively
as well as adapt well to changing priorities;
• Availability & ability to work long, irregular hours including evenings and
weekends;
• A professional style that includes flexibility, evenness, and sense of humor.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing
samples to: Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov.
All materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-271-16

The Republican Office of the Committee on House Administration seeks an
energetic and self-motivated individual to fill a paid Temporary Staff
Assistant position. Working closely with Committee staff, the Temporary
Staff Assistant will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the
inner-workings of a congressional committee and learn about the day-to-day
administrative operations of the House of Representatives. Responsibilities
include assisting with answering phones, aiding in the execution of daily
events and meetings, filing and scanning committee documents, helping
prepare for New Member Orientation, and assisting staff with various
projects. The ideal candidate would have excellent communications skills, be
detail oriented, have working knowledge of graphics/video programs such as
Adobe Creative Cloud, and work well as part of a team. Interested applicants
should apply to CHAJobs@mail.house.gov no later than September 14, 2016.

MEM-270-16

Member of Congress from North Carolina seeks a Legislative Assistant for
the D.C. Office. The legislative portfolio includes Education, Transportation,
Science, Space, & Technology, Telecommunications, and Women’s Rights.
This individual is responsible for drafting legislation and amendments,
tracking legislation, developing legislative initiatives, writing speeches and
floor statements, staffing the Member in Committee, and representing the
Member in meetings with constituents and interested parties. Applicants
should have experience in education policy, excellent written and verbal
communication skills, work well under pressure in a fast- paced environment,
a strong team player, and have at least two years of legislative experience on
Capitol Hill. Ties to North Carolina are a plus. Qualified applicants should
send a cover letter, resume, and two brief writing samples along with three
references to nchousejobs@gmail.com. Please be sure to put LEGISLATIVE
ASSISTANT in the subject line.

MEM-269-16

The Office of Congressman Joaquin Castro is announcing the following
available position in his San Antonio District Office: Staff
Assistant/Caseworker. This entry-level position will provide coverage for
the front desk and include responsibilities such as: Answer and screen
telephone calls and visitors; Respond to constituent requests for flags, tours
and other information; Maintain office supplies and equipment; Handle
Page 4 of 5

casework assignments, serving as a liaison with constituents, federal, district,
and local agencies; Act as the representative for the Congressman within his
or her area of responsibility; Staff Congressman at community events and
meetings, as needed; Assist to train interns to handle office matters; Perform
other duties as assigned. A successful candidate will have the following skills
and knowledge: Ability to multi-task; Maintain a good working relationship
with the Congressman, staff, and constituents; Accept performance-based
criticism and direction; Temperament to communicate with a variety of
personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner; Work a flexible
schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; Strong verbal and
written communication skills, with Spanish skills preferred; Thoroughness
and careful attention to detail; Ability to exercise discretion and independent
judgment in fulfillment of casework responsibilities; Ability to use in-house
data system, Intranet Quorum (IQ); Ability to use and troubleshoot
photocopier, facsimile machine, telephone, and other office equipment;
Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments; 4year degree preferred.
Please submit a cover letter with your resume and email to District Director,
Toni Serna, at toni.serna@mail.house.gov. Closing date is September 9, 2016
MEM-268-16

Senior Democratic House member from CA seeks proactive, experienced
communications director to develop and implement strategic media plan in a
fast-paced and results-driven environment. Must have proven track-record,
and ability to manage website and social media tools. Outstanding writing
skills and strong pitching skills are required. Southern California ties are
preferred but not necessary. This is not an entry level position. Qualified
candidates should submit resume, cover letter to
commstafferCA2016@gmail.com.

MEM-267-16

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a press secretary for his
Washington office. Spanish skills and Hill experience a plus. Send resume,
brief writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov.
No drop-ins please.

Page 5 of 5

