House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 3, 2014
MEM-148-14

Congresswoman Renee Ellmers seeks Caseworker/Field Representative for
District Office in North Carolina. Applicants must be motivated to serve the
2nd Congressional District of North Carolina and possess a strong work ethic.
The Caseworker/Field Representative monitors and updates the Congressman
and District Office staff on district and local issues. This position acts as a
liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for the Congresswoman and
constituents and answers casework correspondence and verbal
communications with constituents. Duties also include answering phones and
assisting walk-in constituents. Proficiency in Microsoft Office is required,
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good
judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting
with daily tasks and projects. Experience with, and understanding of U.S.
Military and Department of Veterans Affairs structure, the procedures, and
policies is preferred. Submit cover letter and resume to
Pat.Fitzgerald@mail.house.gov.

LOC-001-14

The Congressional Research Service, a legislative branch agency within the
Library of Congress, is seeking to fill several policy analyst positions across
Page 1 of 3

three of its research divisions.
The Congressional Research Service (CRS) works exclusively for the United
States Congress, providing policy and legal analysis to committees and
Members of both the House and Senate, regardless of party affiliation. In
supporting congressional public policy analysis and information needs, CRS
covers the full spectrum of issues before the U.S. Congress. Its highest
priority is to ensure that Congress has 24/7 access to the nation’s best thinking
on legislative issues.
Applications are now being accepted for the following positions:






Analyst in Telecommunications Policy
Analyst in Agriculture Economics
Analyst/Specialist in Health Care Financing and Insurance
Analyst in Financial Accounting
Analyst in Intelligence and National Security

CRS is the public policy research arm of the United States Congress and is
fully committed to workforce diversity.
Interested applicants must apply online at http://www.loc.gov/crsinfo.
MEM-136-14

Freshman Democratic Member of Congress seeks a motivated and detailoriented Press Secretary. Candidates must possess strong writing skills,
creativity, a good sense of humor, strong political judgment, the flexibility to
work quickly and carefully under tight deadlines, and the ability to work
collaboratively with both DC and district staff to grasp and communicate
legislative and local priorities.
Responsibilities include coordinating day-to-day press operations; responding
to media inquiries and interview requests; pro-actively pitching stories;
organizing earned media events in DC and district; writing press releases,
advisories, talking points, op-eds, e-newsletter and speeches; and managing
website and social media platforms. The Press Secretary also helps manage a
press assistant/special projects coordinator. Prior on-the-record experience,
speech writing and Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
Qualified candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NM01.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Press Secretary” in the subject line.
No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins, please.

MEM-127-14

Legislative Correspondent:
Senior Midwest Democrat seeks a Legislative Correspondent to handle issuespecific constituent communications and legislative research. Responsibilities
include, but are not limited to, drafting constituent correspondence, tracking
Page 2 of 3

legislation, meeting with constituents and interest groups, briefing the
Congressman, and generally supporting the legislative and front office
operations. Candidate must be highly dependable, flexible, and have superior
organizational and writing skills. Knowledge of the legislative process and
Indiana ties a plus. Please send a cover letter, resume, and a short writing
sample to in01.resume@mail.house.gov. No calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
MEM-125-14

COMMUNICATIONS ASSISTANT— Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) is
seeking a Communications Assistant in Washington, D.C., to assist with the
Member’s external communications efforts. Responsibilities will include
drafting media advisories and press releases; collating daily press clips and
morning headlines; creating content for the Member’s social media accounts;
developing graphic design and drafting constituent mail and managing the
constituent mail program.
The ideal candidate will be creative, have excellent written and oral
communication skills, strongly proficient with digital and social media
platforms, energetic and a detail-oriented team player able to multi-task and
produce high-quality work on tight deadlines. Graphic and/or video editing
skills are highly preferred. Michiganders are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please e-mail resume, cover letter and two writing samples (no more than 1page each) to michigan05jobs@gmail.com (subject line should read:
Communications Assistant Application). No telephone calls, emails or walkins, please.

MEM-123-14

Democratic Congressional committee seeks experienced tax attorney to
advise on tax policy, brief Members and write Committee materials on budget
implications of federal tax policies, and work with Congressional and outside
experts on revenue options. Requires knowledge of corporate and individual
tax policy, strong analytical and quantitative skills, strong written and oral
communication skills, attention to detail, and the ability to work effectively
under tight deadlines. Hill experience preferred. Email resume, two brief
writing samples, and cover letter with subject line “revenue analyst” to
revenue.analyst@mail.house.gov -- no phone calls or walk-ins.

Page 3 of 3

