House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 29, 2016

MEM-085-16

Congressman Brad Ashford (D-NE-02) seeks a creative, pro-active team
player to serve as a Digital Director/Press Assistant in his Washington, D.C.
office.
Responsibilities include: managing social media strategy across multiple
platforms, managing the official website, creating graphics and editing video,
writing e-Newsletters, and drafting press releases and talking points.
Candidates must have strong oral and written communications skills and the
ability to work quickly under pressure. Candidates must also have knowledge
of Franking regulations, social media strategy, and some graphic design
experience. Ideal candidates will have a strong familiarity with Nebraska’s
second district.
Candidates should submit a resume, two writing samples, two graphic design
samples, and three references to Jeremy.Nordquist@mail.house.gov by
Wednesday, March 9th.

Page 1 of 7

MEM-074-16

Senior Texas Democrat seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse
portfolio of issues including science, technology, research, education, energy,
and agriculture. Staffer must be able to handle multiple projects
simultaneously in a demanding office environment; must have superior
written and oral communications skills; and must be able to interface
effectively with the committee staff. Ideal candidate will have prior Capitol
Hill or legislative policy experience. This is not a entry-level position. Must
send resume with cover letter in order to be considered for this position to
txdemjobs@gmail.com. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-071-16

The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks an organized
and enthusiastic Outreach and Member Services Coordinator.
Responsibilities include planning and executing outreach and member
meetings on key issues before the committee, drafting notifications and
communications so members, staff and outside organizations are aware of the
committee’s actions, and handling administrative tasks to support both the
Staff Director and the Director of Communications, Outreach and Member
Services. Qualified candidates must have administrative experience, strong
writing and organizational skills , a proven ability to perform under pressure
while juggling multiple tasks, and sound political judgment. Women and
minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. This is not an entry
level position, and candidates must have at least two years of relevant
experience in a paid position. Please submit a cover letter, resume and a short
writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. Please no walk-ins or phone
calls.

MEM-069-16

Senior Democratic Member seeks Legislative Assistant. Position will
develop and implement legislative initiatives, and monitor legislative
developments within Committees and on the House floor; write floor
speeches and committee statements; assist with committee investigations, and
handle meetings with constituents and interest groups on behalf of Member.
Portfolio will include education, veterans’ affairs, DOD, related
Appropriations bills, and special projects as assigned. Candidate must be a
self-starter and a creative thinker, and must demonstrate attention to detail and
exceptional writing ability, and have experience with the legislative process,
preferably in a Congressional office. An advanced degree in a related field is
also required (JD, MA, etc.).
To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Legislative
Assistant” in the subject line to job_09@live.com. Please paste the cover
letter in the body of the email. Do not send the cover letter as an attachment.

MEM-065-16

New England Democrat seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highlyorganized Staff Assistant for Washington, DC office. Responsibilities
include managing front office operations, overseeing intern program, serving
as confidential assistant to Chief of Staff and Member, driving Member to
Page 2 of 7

meetings and appointments, supporting Member’s daily activities, providing
assistance to scheduling and legislative teams, and other tasks as assigned.
Access to a vehicle and a clean driving record is required. New England ties
preferred. Applicants should submit cover letter, resume, and brief writing
sample to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. Please include Staff Assistant in the
subject line. No phone calls or drop-bys.
MEM-059-16

Midwestern Democratic Member seeks an energetic, highly organized and
detail-oriented Scheduler for the Washington, D.C. and District
Offices. Responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and longterm schedules, coordinating all travel arrangements, and assisting the
Member with meeting requests and changes to the calendar. The Scheduler is
responsible for communicating and directing D.C. and State staff on the
materials needed for meetings/events and the execution of the daily office
schedule. Individuals applying for this position should be prepared to have
flexible work hours and be able to adapt to a fast-paced and constantly
changing environment. Valid Driver’s License and American-made car
strongly preferred. Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to mi.schedulerposting@gmail.com. No walk-ins, please.

MEM-051-16

The Republican staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking
a full-time press assistant and digital manager in its Washington office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to compiling and monitoring press
clips, drafting talking points, press releases, speeches and op-eds, managing
the committee website and updating social media. The ideal candidate will
possess strong written and verbal communication skills, the ability to work in
a fast-paced environment, professionalism and a good sense of humor.
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, references and
writing samples to curt.cashour@mail.house.gov with “press assistant” in the
subject line. No walk-ins please.

MEM-050-16

Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. of California seeks a Caseworker for his
district offices. Successful candidates will have previous experience in social
work, familiarity with federal agencies, excellent written and oral
communication skills, be team-oriented, and comfortable working both
independently and as part of a team. Prior experience working for federal,
state, or local government is a plus. Candidates with fluency or strong verbal
and written proficiency in Spanish are strongly preferred. Strong knowledge
or connection with Riverside County and California’s 36th Congressional
District is a plus. Availability for evening and weekend assignments is
required.
Caseworkers in the Office of Congressman Ruiz assist constituents by
navigating complex casework through federal agencies in areas such as
veterans’ affairs, social security, housing, immigration. Caseworkers also
assess casework and community activities for matters warranting legislative
Page 3 of 7

action.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to
Octavio.Gonzalez@mail.house.gov. Please write “Caseworker” in the subject
line of your email message.
PLEASE NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
MEM-048-16

The Democratic staff of the U.S Congress Joint Economic Committee (JEC)
is seeking an economist/policy analyst with substantive experience in
applied microeconomics and public policy research. Duties include working
collaboratively with JEC staff on a wide variety of U.S. economic policy
issues; researching, writing and editing reports on various federal policies and
legislative proposals; proposing ideas for new research topics on issues
relevant to current public policy debates; aggregating and analyzing economic
data; researching, writing and editing briefing documents for Congressional
hearings; advising the Ranking Member and the Staff Director on economic
issues; communicating with House and Senate Committees, federal agencies
and think tanks. Basic qualifications: advanced degree in Economics or Public
Policy required; Ph.D. level preferred; 2+ years of professional experience in
research and data analysis, including applied microeconomics and public
policy. Other qualifications: proficiency with STATA and U.S. Census
microdata; strong background in applied econometrics; excellent writing
skills, with the ability to convey complex policy issues to non-economists;
significant understanding of the American political system; Washington
experience preferred. To apply, please submit a cover letter and resume to
dems@jec.senate.gov with subject line “Economist/Policy Analyst position.”
Applicants who are called for an interview will be asked to submit writing
samples and a list of references. Position available immediately. Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis. Salary commensurate with experience.
The Joint Economic Committee is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, age, religion, disability,
national origin, uniformed service, genetic information, sexual orientation, or
gender identity or expression.

MEM-044-16

Senior Appropriations Democrat seeks candidates for the position of
Communications Director for a fast-paced and highly engaged office. The
successful candidate will have excellent written and verbal skills, the proven
ability to manage multiple communications projects, and the ability to
exercise discretion and independent judgment in the representation of the
Member’s position on policy issues. S/he will be responsible for coordinating
with the legislative team to develop, manage and organize all communications
activities, including writing press releases, op-eds, mail pieces, talking points,
organizing press events, maintaining the official website, implementing social
media strategy, maintaining press database, writing e-newsletters &
coordinating Tele-town halls. Duties will also include briefing the Member
Page 4 of 7

for interviews, writing and implementing PSAs, interacting with the press as
the Member’s principal spokesperson and coordinating the Member’s overall
press relations. Position may include limited legislative portfolio. The ideal
candidate will have Hill experience, a depth of legislative and policy
knowledge including that of the appropriations process, and Ohio connections
a benefit. Candidates must be able to work extended hours and under time
pressure, while maintaining a positive attitude and demeanor. Please submit
resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and salary requirements to
Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-042-16

Southern Republican Member seeks Communications Director to manage
and coordinate all communications activities, including media contacts for
the Member and the office. Previous Hill experience preferred. Candidate
must have strong writing, editing, and oral communication skills. Will act
as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member. Knowledge
of social media including website maintenance required. Applicants will
develop and implement media and communications strategy for the Member
and must have an understanding of print and broadcast media. Position will
also be responsible for a legislative portfolio.
Email Resume and Cover Letter to: HouseCommsDir@gmail.com

MEM-029-16

Senior Democrat seeks Communications Director to manage legislative and
local press priorities. The applicant must be a hard worker who possesses
excellent written, verbal and interpersonal skills. The ideal candidate has Hill
and political experience. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter and
resume to employ@mail.house.gov.

MEM-027-16

Northeast Republican in the House seeks a hard-working Press
Secretary/Communications Director in Washington, D.C. office to
implement a dynamic communications strategy. Duties include performing
day-to-day operations of an active press office; managing the website and all
social media accounts; developing and generating content for press releases,
e-newsletters, talking points, speeches, columns, advertisements, and franked
mail; and building press relations with local, regional, and DC press.
Candidates must have excellent writing skills, demonstrated abilities in digital
media and communication, and previous Hill or campaign experience.
Candidates must be able to execute a media and communications plan in line
with the unique priorities of the Congressman and views of the district. Send
resume, writing sample, cover letter, and salary range to
PressRez@gmail.com.

MEM-021-16

Senior Member of Congress seeks General Counsel – the ideal candidate
would have experience in a wide range of legal and administrative,
legislative, and ethics issues relevant to a small government agency. Relevant
policy experience and advanced degree(s) valued over Capitol Hill or political
Page 5 of 7

work. The successful candidate will have a strong commitment to public
service, strong writing, speaking and analytical skills, be proactive,
resourceful, well-organized, and able to meet deadlines. Individuals must be
U.S. citizens and have, or be able to obtain, a Top Secret Clearance. Overseas
travel will be required. Please e-mail a cover letter and resume to
cscepositions115@gmail.com.
MEM-020-16

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe seeks a Global Security/
Political Military Affairs Policy Advisor – Ideal candidate would have
experience in areas including: transnational security threats; arms control;
monitoring compliance with international instruments; and working with
international organizations with a security dimension such as OSCE and
NATO. Area studies expertise in Europe and Eurasia is also a plus. Relevant
policy experience and advanced degree(s) valued over Capitol Hill or political
work. The successful candidate will have a strong commitment to public
service, strong writing, speaking and analytical skills, be proactive,
resourceful, well-organized, and able to meet deadlines. Individuals must be
U.S. citizens and have, or be able to obtain, a Top Secret Clearance. Overseas
travel will be required. Please e-mail a cover letter and resume to
cscepositions115@gmail.com.

MEM-019-16

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe seeks Middle-Eastern
Policy Advisor – the ideal candidate would have extensive and broad
experience as a Middle East expert with experience in formulating policies to
deal with political movements, security issues, and human rights challenges in
the Middle East. Area studies expertise in the Middle East is also a plus as is
deep knowledge of Arab cultures and fluency in Arabic language. Relevant
policy experience and advanced degree(s) valued over Capitol Hill or political
work. The successful candidate will have a strong commitment to public
service, strong writing, speaking and analytical skills, be proactive,
resourceful, well-organized, and able to meet deadlines. Individuals must be
U.S. citizens and have, or be able to obtain, a Top Secret Clearance. Overseas
travel will be required. Please e-mail a cover letter and resume to
cscepositions115@gmail.com.

MEM-018-16

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe seeks a Russian Policy
Advisor – the ideal candidate would have extensive and broad expertise as a
Russia expert with experience in formulating policies to deal with both
security and human rights challenges posed by Russia. Specific expertise on
Russia’s interaction with international organizations such as the OSCE and
international instruments such as the Conventional Forces in Europe (CFE)
treaty and the Open Skies Agreement are a plus. Area studies expertise in
Eurasia is also a plus as is proficiency in Russian and other Eurasian
languages. Relevant policy experience and advanced degree(s) valued over
Capitol Hill or political work. The successful candidate will have a strong
commitment to public service, strong writing, speaking and analytical skills,
Page 6 of 7

be proactive, resourceful, well-organized, and able to meet deadlines.
Individuals must be U.S. citizens and have, or be able to obtain, a Top Secret
Clearance. Overseas travel will be required. Please e-mail a cover letter and
resume to cscepositions115@gmail.com.

Page 7 of 7

