________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 16, 2023

MEM-517-23

Nevada’s 4th District Democratic Member of Congress seeks a passionate,
motivated, organized, Legislative Assistant. The Legislative Assistant must
develop and plan legislative initiatives and monitor legislative developments
within Committees and issue areas as assigned.
Primary responsibilities include but not limited to:
•Develops and executes legislative initiatives assigned portfolio; portfolio will
focus on health care, seniors, social security and immigration;
•Plans, coordinates, and schedules the introduction of legislation in the House (or
offering it on an appropriate vehicle if it is an amendment);
•Gathers support for a bill or amendment from other Members, as well as
appropriate interest groups;
•Provides vote recommendations;
•Drafts, develops, and negotiates legislative text with respective committee;
•Engages, builds, and maintains relationships with constituents, stakeholders,
congressional and federal agency staff;
•Staffs and prepares the Congressman for committee briefings, hearings, and
markups;
•Writes policy memos and assists communications department with talking points
and remarks for portfolio-related events; assists the communications team in
preparing speeches suited to specific audiences;
•Responsible for conducting research using a range of tools to acquire
information, analyze and interpret data, write reports and present findings to the
Page 1 of 23

Congressman, Senior management and other stakeholders specific to issues
impacting Congressional District 4.
•Monitors legislative developments on House floor and committees;
•Performs special projects assigned by the Member, Chief of Staff, or Legislative
Director.
Communication
•Strong desire and ability to communicate and work with stakeholders,
community leaders, and constituents and the community from racial, ethnic,
socioeconomic, and gender diverse communities
•Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate effectively with
people from diverse racial, ethnic, socioeconomic, and gender backgrounds
•Strong analytical writing skills and oral communication skills
•Ability to successfully navigate challenging conversations among diverse groups
and build consensus
Commitment to service
•Perform under pressure and possess a strong work ethic, a commitment to public
service, and an understanding of what it takes to be a part of a successful team
effort.
•Work well both independently and collaboratively; An ability to effectively
work with people from diverse backgrounds, including age, race, ethnicity,
gender identity, and lived experiences
•Enthusiastic and positive attitude about changing systems, work dynamics and
community perspectives
•Ability and willingness to work nights and weekends to accommodate the
Member’s schedule
Professionalism
•Strong organizational skills and ability to manage multiple priorities at once
•Ability to work well independently and as a member of a highly integrated and
diverse team
•Demonstrated ability to solve problems and manage conflict
•Ability to think and plan strategically
•Ability to make knowledgeable, sound, and good judgment
•Exhibit professional work habits (positive attitude, appropriate work attire)
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, no longer
than two pages, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant”, [Last name, First
Page 2 of 23

name] in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file and
received by the COB Friday, October 20, 2023.
MEM-512-23

The Office of Congresswoman Lois Frankel (FL-22) seeks a Digital/Press
Staffer to support the Congresswoman’s communications efforts.
Title, specific responsibilities, and exact pay for this position are flexible and
commensurate with experience. The Digital/Press Staffer will report directly to
the Communications Director and oversee digital communications and outreach.
This is a full-time in-person position based in Washington, D.C. The ideal
candidate is a team player who can juggle multiple projects, deliver professional
work under tight deadlines, develop and implement new ideas, and stay
organized.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Managing the Congresswoman’s Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram pages and
producing videos, photos, and other creative content.
•Developing and carrying out a digital media strategy.
•Creating graphics that effectively communicate an idea or policy clearly.
•Drafting Facebook ads, unsolicited texts/newsletters, and working with the
Communications Director to formulate a comprehensive Franked
communications plan.
•Analyzing digital media performance.
•Assisting the Communications Director with photography at DC events,
hearings, mark-ups, etc.
•Managing and distributing daily clips and media mentions.
•Developing and updating media lists.
•Drafting written materials like press releases, media advisories, and ICYMI’s.
•Assisting with the day-to-day operation of the communications shop.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
•Previous Hill experience is preferred and Florida ties are a plus. Proficiency in
Adobe Creative Suite, Canva or an industry-recognized design program is
required. Experience with Franked media strongly preferred. Some photography
experience is a plus.
SALARY AND BENEFITS:
Salary range is $55,000 - $65,000 depending on experience, and includes health
insurance, student loan repayment, and other competitive benefits. Please
visit tinyurl.com/fl22-comms-opening to apply. Applications will be reviewed on
a rolling basis.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of

Page 3 of 23

race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
MEM-510-23

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking an experienced Staff
Assistant for his Honolulu district office.
Duties include but are not limited to greeting visitors and answering constituent
calls and requests for general information, tours and other inquiries. This position
also is responsible for a wide variety of administrative duties and acts as a liaison
to the federal, district and local government agencies on behalf of the
Congressman on requests by constituents for assistance with individual issues.
Direct report to the Deputy Chief of Staff in the Honolulu office, although the
position also interacts directly with the Congressman and his Washington, D.C.
office.
Very strong preference given to (1) prior experience, especially in comparable
duties and (2) Hawai‘i background/community involvement and applicants are
asked to detail these attributes. The position also requires initiative, strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and effectively
under pressure, make decisions and solve problems, orientation to detail,
excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and long and unpredictable
hours.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-508-23

Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) seeks an exceptional, experienced
Press Secretary/Digital Director (PS/DD) to join a dynamic, fast paced team,
working out of the Washington, DC office.
Working with the Communications Director, located in the District, the PS/DD
will develop, coordinate, and implement digital and traditional media and
communication strategies that highlight the Member’s work and advance her
robust online/digital presence. Other primary responsibilities include but are not
limited to developing, editing, and producing graphics, videography, and other
creative tools to enhance messaging; fielding press requests from local and
national media; producing the Member’s newsletters; drafting releases and
advisories, speeches , and talking points.
The successful candidate will have a creative and strategic approach to visual and
graphic design, excellent oral and written communications skills, an ability to
handle multiple assignments on tight deadlines, a desire to hone the Member’s
voice, a strong collaborative approach to cross functional teaming, and a good
sense of humor. They will also have a working knowledge of the legislative
process, procedures, and organization of the House, with a proven ability to build
Page 4 of 23

strong, collaborative relationships while working in a crisis-oriented environment
and handling stress appropriately. Ohio ties are a plus, but not required, but
proven effective digital and videography experience is required.
This is not an entry level position. The ideal candidate will have at least three
years of Hill and/or other communications experience in a policy or constituent
services environment with an emphasis on professional digital media,
videography, and general communications proficiency beyond the intern level.
The salary is flexible and dependent upon proven experience and expertise.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing and one creative
samples to Ohio11Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press
Secretary – Last Name, First Initial.” No drop-ins, direct emails to staff or phone
calls, please. The position is open until filled, but applications will be screened as
they are received.
MEM-507-23

The Committee on House Administration Republican Office seeks an energetic
and self-motivated individual with an interest in government and public policy, to
apply for its open Staff Assistant Position.
The Staff Assistant is responsible for both administrative and legislative duties.
Administrative tasks include answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail,
entering data, taking inventory, maintaining a clean/organized office space, and
drafting correspondence. Legislative support includes performing research,
prepping materials for hearings, attending hearings and briefings related to
CHA’s jurisdictions, reaching out to agencies and other congressional offices,
and a host of various special projects.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and availability
to Kristen.Monterroso@mail.house.gov

MEM-506-23

Representative Josh Gottheimer (NJ-05) seeks a Legislative Assistant to manage
work including:
• A focused issue portfolio including the House Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence, Israel, and general foreign policy and defense issues;
• Drafting and editing legislation, amendments, resolutions, letters and memos;
• Building relationships with relevant stakeholders; and
• Working with the communications team to highlight the Congressman’s work.
Applicants should send, as a single PDF file, a cover letter, resume and three
references with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line
to nj5jobs@mail.house.gov. The PDF file should be titled “Legislative Assistant
– LastName, FirstName” (e.g. “Legislative Assistant – Doe, Jane.pdf”).
Female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Page 5 of 23

The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.
MEM-505-23

West Hawaiʻi Island Field Representative
U.S. Representative Jill Tokuda
Hawaii’s Second Congressional District
West Hawaiʻi Island Field Representative Job Listing
Congresswoman Jill Tokuda (HI-02) seeks a part-time Field Representative for
West Hawaiʻi Island. This position will work closely with and report to the
District Chief in Hawaiʻi, and in coordination with the East Hawaiʻi Island Field
Representative.
This position requires consistent and effective collaboration with all components
of the member’s office. Work hours for this position are approximately 20-25
hours per month.
Primary duties include, but are not limited to:
•Coordinating the Member’s visits to West Hawaiʻi, including scheduling
meetings and events, and transporting the Member on-island;
•Preparing briefing sheets and talking points as needed;
•Connecting with Washington, D.C. staff on relevant notes and contacts;
•Staffing the Member as appropriate, taking notes and photos, and ensuring that
follow up is conducted;
•Informs the Member and relevant staff of community events and happenings in
West Hawaiʻi; and
•Prepares and delivers West Hawaiʻi messages and communications, and
represents the Member at events as assigned.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status), color, age, religion,
national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Interested candidates must submit an application
to kendra.oishi@mail.house.gov by October 27, 2023. Candidates should submit
a cover letter, resume, and references.

MEM-500-23

Rep. Salinas seeks an organized, creative, team-oriented, Grants Coordinator
and Field Representative for her district office in Tigard, Oregon.
The Grants Coordinator responsibilities include tracking federal grant
opportunities and liaising with key stakeholders (local and state government,
local businesses and community-based organizations, federal agency grant
administrators) and internal staff, maintaining and regularly updating the grants
tracker, tracking new grant opportunities, works closely with the Legislative
Page 6 of 23

Director to develop a successful Congressional Project Funding (CPF) process,
and providing additional office support as needed.
Candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills,
interpersonal skills, great attention to detail, strong time management skills, and a
desire to work collaboratively.
The Field Representative responsibilities include acting as a grassroots
representative for the Member within their area of responsibility, informs the
District Director and office on all happenings in their assigned issue area,
building and maintaining positive relationships with constituents, key community
leaders and other stakeholders, attends events to staff or advance the member
including on evenings and weekends, as determined by the District Director.
Qualified applicants should have prior professional experience, reliable
transportation, and be prepared to work in a fast-paced office that frequently
requires non-traditional work hours, extensive district travel, and remote work.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.
Salary is approximately $65,000-$70,000 (or commensurate with experience)
with federal benefits.
SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS:
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Ability to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
responsibilities;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Knowledge of office computer applications; and
•Proficiency in word processing.
QUESTIONS OR TO APPLY:
Interested applicants should e-mail 1) a resume, 2) a cover letter,
to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject “Grants Coordinator/Field
Rep: Last Name”
MEM-499-23

The Office of Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (OR-06) seeks a Digital
Outreach Manager to join a past-faced communications team and lead an
aggressive digital outreach program for a freshman member in a brand-new
Page 7 of 23

congressional district. The ideal candidate is a self-starter who has strong writing
skills, a relentless creative streak, a good sense of humor, and a deep familiarity
with social media. Applicants with Oregon ties will be given preference. Spanishfluency is a major plus.
This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities include creating digital content (copy, graphics, videos, toolkits,
etc.), managing the Congresswoman’s social media pages, overseeing a large
Franked communications program, updating the Congresswoman’s website, and
other press and creative projects as assigned.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, 2-3 references, one
writing sample, and one digital sample to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with
the following subject line: “Full Name – Digital Outreach Manager.”
Salary Level / Range: $58,000 - $65,000 or commensurate with experience.
MEM-496-23

Communications Assistant— The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA01) is seeking a communications assistant.
This position is responsible for developing a proactive constituent
communications strategy and plan. Primary responsibilities include: writing
weekly email newsletters for targeted constituent coalitions, overseeing website
management and updates, branding through graphic design, managing social
media, overseeing the telephone town hall program, and maintaining the
Member’s photo and video database. They will work with the communications
director to find new ways grow the congressman’s following and maintain
synergy across communications materials.
A strong candidate will be a creative, proactive communicator familiar with
social media, the legislative process, website maintenance, as well as
photography, graphic design, and video editing. Excellent written and oral skills
are required. An ability to multitask and work under tight deadlines is necessary.
Candidates must have previous congressional or political communications
experience; ties to Virginia’s First District are helpful but not required.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to Julianne.Heberlein@mail.house.gov with “Communications Assistant” in the
subject line.

Page 8 of 23

MEM-495-23

Position Overview:
Congresswoman Dina Titus (D-NV-1) is seeking an experienced
Communications Director to lead media efforts in a fast- paced Washington,
D.C. office. We are looking for a self-starting professional with a strong
background in political communications, media relations, and social media
management.
The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of both national and local
media and be capable of developing and implementing strategic communication
and digital plans. This is not an entry-level position, and a successful candidate
must have 2-5 years of communications experience in a relevant setting.
Key Responsibilities:
●Strategic Communications: Develop and execute strategic communication plans
in collaboration with senior staff and the legislative team, ensuring alignment
with the Congresswoman's priorities and legislative initiatives.
●Media Relations: Cultivate and maintain strong relationships with local and
national print, radio, and broadcast media professionals.
●Media Outreach: Successfully pitch the Congresswoman to both local and
national TV, radio, and print media, positioning her effectively on key issues.
●Event Planning: Plan and manage press conferences, tele-townhalls,
roundtables, and other events in both Washington, D.C., and the district.
●Media Engagement: Prepare, brief, and accompany the Congresswoman for
media interviews, press conferences, roundtables, and other public engagements.
●Content Creation: Draft talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds, and
other materials in the Congresswoman's voice.
●Social Media Management: Manage the Congresswoman's social media
presence, including drafting engaging content, clipping interviews, and creating
graphics for various platforms.
●Website Maintenance: Ensure that the office website features timely and
relevant content.
●Current Affairs: Stay informed about current news and legislative issues that
may impact the Congresswoman's work.
Qualifications:
●Exceptional Communication Skills: Strong writing, editing, and proofreading
skills.
●Media Proficiency: Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media.
●Experience: 2-5 years of experience in developing communication strategy for
elected officials, government agencies, non-profit organizations, or similar
entities.
●Team Player: Expertise in advising others on communication strategy and the
ability to work effectively with a team and Member of Congress.
●Deadline-Oriented: Capable of producing communications materials under tight
deadlines.
Page 9 of 23

●Strategic Thinker: Politically savvy and skilled at navigating challenging
situations with the press and staff.
●Adaptability: Ability to work flexible hours, including long hours, nights, and
weekends, as needed.
●Constructive Feedback: Willingness to accept performance-based criticism and
direction.
●Relationship Building: Ability to maintain positive working relationships with
the Congresswoman, staff, and media professionals.
Equal Opportunity Employer:
Our office is committed to promoting diversity and inclusivity. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or expression,
pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
To Apply:
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to NV01jobs@gmail.com with "Application: Rep. Titus
Communications Director" in the subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-494-23

McClellan Hiring Communications Staffer
The Office of Congresswoman Jennifer McClellan (VA-04) seeks a proactive,
creative, and digital-savvy individual to join her D.C.-based communications
team. This position reports directly to the Communications Director and will play
an integral role in the office’s press and digital operation. Title, responsibilities,
and pay for this position are flexible and commensurate with experience. The pay
range is $60,000-$75,000.
Responsibilities include managing social media pages, writing compelling social
copy, and developing creative graphics, videos, and other digital collateral.
Additional responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s website, compiling
daily press clips, assisting in the execution of virtual and in-person press events,
and supporting the Communications Director in drafting and sending other press
materials, including press releases, media advisories, op-eds, and other content.
The ideal candidate will be creative in how they develop and grow the Member’s
digital platforms, be proficient in Adobe Creative Suite, understand social media
metrics, graphic design, and video production, be detail-oriented, and possess
strong written and verbal communication skills.
Prior communications experience required. Capitol Hill or other political
communications experience preferred. Virginia ties are a plus.

Page 10 of 23

To apply please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to VA04.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
This full-time position is based in her Washington, D.C. office. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, national
origin, age, or military, marital, or parental status. The office prioritizes building
a diverse team: women and candidates from BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and other
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply.
MEM-493-23

Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent
Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks an affable, driven, and informed student
of politics and government who possesses strong writing, organizational, and
time-management skills to serve as the face and first point-of-contact for the
Washington, D.C., office.
Responsibilities include managing the front office and greeting visitors,
overseeing the internship program, coordinating and processing flag and tour
requests, helping manage the constituent-correspondence program, providing
administrative support for the office, and other tasks as assigned. The ideal
candidate should have excellent attention to detail, strong communication skills
and work ethic, a good sense of humor, an eagerness to learn and grow within the
office, and a desire to be part of a highly-collaborative, high-achieving team.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and lasting from the ground up, particularly for a Member of Congress
who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff. His posts on the Judiciary and Homeland
Security Committees grant him and his staff a role in the most active and pressing
issues of the day. Every member on staff, including in this role, handles a
portfolio of issues and meets with advocacy groups.
Title and pay will be commensurate with work experience. Ties to the district,
Spanish proficiency, and prior Hill experience are all pluses worth mentioning.
Please submit a cover letter; resume, including two-to-three references; and
written sample of any form or substance that best showcases your writing talent.
If you are able, please also attach – or have someone send on your behalf – a
letter or email of recommendation from a congressional staffer. Send these
materials to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name – Staff
Assistant.”
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,

Page 11 of 23

religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-490-23

The Office of Congressman Jamie Raskin (MD-08) seeks a Scheduler to work in
the Washington, D.C. office in a full-time capacity.
Candidates must have exceptional organizational and communications skills,
scrupulous attention to detail, effective time management, and thrive in a fastpaced team environment.
The successful candidate will have knowledge of the congressional work setting,
ability to balance competing demands and work well under pressure, and possess
sound judgement and a professional and discreet demeanor. The position requires
a willingness to work non-traditional hours when required. Capitol Hill or other
relevant administrative, operations, or scheduling experience is strongly
preferred. Ties to Maryland’s 8th District, humor, and a facility with other
languages are a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: developing, coordinating and
managing all aspects of the Members’s schedule and logistics in D.C. and in the
district; tracking, evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling
requests; leading scheduling meetings; communicating key information and
scheduling changes to the Congressman, staff, and stakeholders in a timely and
efficient manner; coordinating with legislative and press staff on events and
briefing materials, and coordinating with the district office, committee staff, other
Members offices, and with the campaign team on political scheduling requests;
assisting the Chief of Staff with office operations; and other duties as assigned.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply. The U.S. House of Representatives is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity and
expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation, or any other
characteristic protected by applicable law, in any of its activities or operations.
To apply, please send an email to MD08.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler: Last Name” in the subject line and the following application
materials attached as one combined PDF:
•Cover letter (not to exceed two pages) – please customize your letter to this
position
•Résumé
•Two writing samples
•Three references – for each reference, please include name, current title/office,
phone.

Page 12 of 23

MEM-489-23

Midwest Democrat is looking for a Staff Assistant for the Washington D.C.
office.
Primary responsibilities include managing the front office, answering and logging
telephone calls, managing constituent requests for flags and tours, assisting with
constituent correspondence, recruiting and managing interns, supporting
legislative and communications staff, and other administrative duties.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal communication skills, strong organizational skills, demonstrate an
ability to think quickly when troubleshooting, and maintain a positive demeanor
in a busy environment. Candidate must be able to drive member, though does not
need to provide their own vehicle. Capitol Hill or other relevant experience is
preferred. Illinois ties are a plus.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to IL10.Jobs@mail.house.gov and list “Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.

MEM-483-23

Legislative Assistant | Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44)
Salary Range: $60,000 - $80,000 (commensurate with experience)
Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) seeks a Legislative Assistant position
in her Washington, DC office. The Legislative Assistant will manage the
Member’s work on the Energy & Commerce Health Subcommittee and cover an
active portfolio that includes health care, aging & families, child welfare, social
security, veteran’s affairs, LGBTQ issues, and appropriations for these issues.
Primary duties include preparing and staffing the Member for subcommittee
hearings and markups; drafting legislation, letters, memos, and talking points;
researching and advising the Member on policy issues; making vote
recommendations; maintaining positive relationships with constituents, advocacy
groups, and key stakeholders; supporting the work of the communications team,
district staff, and Congressional Hispanic Caucus staff; advancing the Member’s
legislative priorities, and other tasks as required.
The position requires strong written and oral communication skills, the ability to
manage multiple priorities, and the ability to work collaboratively in a team
environment.
Page 13 of 23

In addition, candidates should understand the legislative process, sound political
judgment, coalition building, familiarity working on issues that impact
communities of color, and have the ability to maintain strategic relationships with
issue advocates, constituent organizations, and stakeholders.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least Capitol Hill
or relevant policy experience, be highly motivated, detail-oriented, and possess
strong organizational and time-management skills.
Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. California ties are a plus.
To apply, candidates should send a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
three references to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov. Please include your name
and “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-481-23

Representative Jason Crow (CO-6) seeks a District Director for his Aurora, CO
office.
We are looking for an experienced leader who can serve as the Congressman’s
primary advisor in the district office, manage a talented team, and maintain strong
relationships with community leaders and stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will have strong oral and written communications skills,
thoroughness and careful attention to detail, and the temperament to
communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and
professional manner.
This is not an entry level position. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Candidates should submit a resume and cover letter with the subject line “District
Director” to: co06.resumes@mail.house.gov. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins,
please

MEM-478-23

Member Services Coordinator, House Committee on Natural Resources Democratic Staff

Page 14 of 23

The Democratic staff of the House Natural Resources Committee (HNRC) seeks
an extremely detail-oriented, organized, and motivated member services
coordinator who will report to the Staff Director. Candidates should be passionate
about issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction and have excellent interpersonal
skills.
Primary responsibilities include:
•Tracking and facilitating member attendance at official committee proceedings,
including hearings, markups, and roundtable events.
•Conducting regular outreach to committee Member offices to build relationships
with staff, sharing opportunities for Member or staff participation in events,
messaging, and other efforts, and identifying new ideas for collaboration with
Member offices.
•Maintaining staff contact information and distribution list.
•Ensuring the logistical execution of outreach and engagement activities,
including providing advance staffing for committee travel, securing venues,
identifying potential vendors and contractors, and ensuring logistical
requirements and needs are met.
•Cultivating interest and participation of Committee members in committee
activities.
•Developing memoranda and reports for committee staff on Committee member
priorities, needs, and interests.
•Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications: `
•Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and concerns of
individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations. Understands
how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic, public health, and social
inequality in the U.S. and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems.
•Knowledge of the committee’s jurisdiction, legislative process, and of House
organization and procedures.
•Expert political acumen, judgment, discretion, and command of nuance.
•Exceptional written and verbal communication skills and ability to communicate
with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner.
•High levels of organization, especially while managing numerous and often
competing tasks, deadlines, and contacts.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
•Experience in a member services role with a stakeholder constituency group
preferred.
The position is based in Washington, D.C. The member services coordinator will
be expected to work in-office when Congress is in session.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
Page 15 of 23

other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.
Compensation: Salary is commensurate with experience. The office offers
benefits, including competitive options for health, dental, vision, and life
insurance; retirement match; student loan repayment program and transit/parking
benefits.
To apply, address your application materials
to NRDems.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “HNRC Member
Services Coordinator” by COB Friday, October 20, 2023. Include a cover letter,
résumé, and two writing samples.
This posting will be removed from the website once the position has been filled.
https://democrats-naturalresources.house.gov/contact/job-postings
MEM-477-23

The Office of Congressman Jason Crow (CO-6) seeks a Digital Assistant or
Manager for his Washington, DC office.
This position will help develop and implement the office’s digital and social
media strategy. The Digital Assistant/Manager will also manage clips for the
office, film videos and write scripts for the member, and edit video, and create
graphics.
Ideal candidates will be able to quickly develop creative and punchy digital
content. Video editing and photography experience is a plus. Colorado ties are
preferred but not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, one-page writing sample, and if
available, any videography or photography portfolio, with the subject line
“Digital Staffer” to: co06.resumes@mail.house.gov. No phone calls, faxes, or
drop-ins, please.

MEM-468-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks one attorney with 5-10 years of experience to serve as Investigative
Counsel.

Page 16 of 23

The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.
The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE
•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
•Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment

Page 17 of 23

Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
Page 18 of 23

•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Page 19 of 23

MEM-448-23

Professional Staff Member: The House Armed Services Committee Democrats
are seeking a Professional Staff Member for the Military Personnel
Subcommittee.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, advising Members of Congress on
military justice and other military personnel policy matters, evaluating budget
requests and legislative proposals, preparing for committee hearings and
briefings, and developing and drafting proposal for inclusion in the annual
National Defense Authorization Act.
The Military Personnel Subcommittee jurisdiction includes: policy and programs
and accounts related to military personnel and their families, Reserve Component
integration and employment, military health care, military education, dependent
schools, POW/MIA issues, Morale, Welfare and Recreation, commissaries,
cemeteries under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense, the Uniform
Code of Military Justice, military retirement issues, and the civilian and contract
workforce.
This is not an entry level position. Candidates with a law degree and experience
with the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) are strongly preferred. The
Committee is an is an Equal Opportunity Employer and strongly values the
diversity of its employees. A successful candidate will be required to obtain and
maintain a security clearance.
Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references,
to hasc.dememployment@mail.house.gov with the subject line: “Full Name –
PSM – Military Personnel.” We will accept applications until the position is
filled.

MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy
Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
Page 20 of 23

advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.
Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and
possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-305-23

DPCC COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – The House Democratic Policy
and Communications Committee seeks an experienced Communications Director.
The Communications Director will work with the Executive Director to design
and execute strategies that advance the message priorities and values of House
Democrats; create messaging guidance, event suggestions, sample releases, and
other communications tools; help Democratic offices pitch stories, hold strong
local press events, and position Members in the media; and assist in bolstering
paid communications programs in Democratic offices.
The Communications Director is also expected to assist with the planning and
execution of regular DPCC message meetings and policy dinners; support DPCC
outreach initiatives; and assist with daily tasks and long-term planning. Spanish
language fluency and experience with constituency media is strongly preferred.
This is not an entry-level position; a strong background in communications on
Capitol Hill is required. DPCC is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex,
gender, LGBTQ+ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people
of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Page 21 of 23

Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. DPCC
will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
To apply, please email jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF: 1. Cover letter; 2. Résumé;
3. Two writing samples, with one coming from work on Capitol Hill; and 4. Two
references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email,
and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not
contact these references without contacting you first).
MEM-300-23

Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-O4) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working,
skilled and experienced Legislative Director to help shape and manage a robust
legislative portfolio.
Congressman Horsford is a member of the Armed Services and Financial
Services Committees, Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, and an active
frontline member. Previous legislative experience on Capitol Hill is required, and
Nevada ties are a plus.
Ideal candidates will have experience managing and mentoring staff, thinking
strategically and will possess a sophisticated understanding of the legislative
process, along with excellent writing, organizational and time management skills.
The ideal candidate will primarily be responsible for managing a legislative
portfolio that consists of healthcare, taxes, gun violence prevention, and other
issues.
Candidates should be creative, proactive and self-motivated, and have an ability
to operate effectively under pressure and work closely in a team atmosphere in
this fast-moving, dynamic office.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or parental
status. Women, people of color and LGBTQAI+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply, as are candidates with Nevada ties.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience, along with generous
benefits and professional development opportunities.
Interested candidates must include a cover letter, resume, two page max writing
sample and three professional references in a single PDF file.
Email submissions to the Director of Administration, Selena Harvey
at nv04resumes@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read

Page 22 of 23

" MEM-NV04-LD-23_last name". No calls please. Individuals selected for an
interview will be contacted.

Page 23 of 23

