________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 14, 2020

MEM-323-20

Press/Digital Assistant – Progressive Democrat and Senior Member of the
House Judiciary Committee is seeking a Press/Digital Assistant to work closely
with the Communications Director to elevate the Member’s communications
operation.
Duties will include monitoring and maintenance of the Member’s social media
accounts, drafting and posting content for social media, producing graphics and
videos, maintaining the website, compiling daily press clips, meticulously
proofreading and fact-checking written materials (including letters, social media
posts, press releases, newsletters, talking points, and more), creating e-newsletters
and franked mailings, creating targeted mailing lists for mass outreach
campaigns, and other responsibilities as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be organized, detail-oriented, tech-savvy, able to work
long hours in a fast-paced environment, have superior writing and proofreading
skills and the ability to work closely with a communications and legislative team.
Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District, previous congressional or campaign experience,
and photography/videography/graphic design skills strongly preferred.

Page 1 of 15

Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, 2 writing samples, an
original graphic and/or video, and sample tweets to TN09jobs18@mail.house.gov
MEM-322-20

The Office of Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) seeks a
Press/Digital Assistant.
The ideal candidate is an excellent writer, works well in a team, has a keen
attention to detail, and can meet tight deadlines under pressure. This position is
responsible for drafting social media copy, creating graphics, editing photos and
videos, drafting emails and newsletters, assisting with media monitoring, and
overseeing clips collection and distribution.
This position may require work outside standard office hours. Rep. Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to spanbergerpressva07@gmail.com. We also recommend applicants submit 1-2
sample writing samples or sample graphics/videos.

MEM-321-20

Fast-paced Committee office seeks an eager and energetic majority clerk.
Applicant should possess strong organizational and communication skills;
proofreading, editing, and writing ability; and an exceptional attention to detail.
Ideal applicant will have previous Congressional experience, a working
knowledge of the legislative process, and familiarity with legislative documents
including the Congressional Record. This is not a legislative-track position. To
apply, send letter of interest and resume to committeejobs@gmail.com
Duties include:
*Track bills and maintain bill files
*Markup organization, including amendment tracking and distribution; document
compilation and preparation; keeping minutes; and assembling and filing
legislative reports
*Ensure compliance with Committee’s required submissions to House Document
Repository for hearings, financial disclosures, and markups
*An understanding of Committee jurisdiction and ability to assist general counsel
and parliamentary team with bill referrals and reporting requirements
*Maintain official voting records and rosters
*Produce Committee legislative calendar and maintain official record of
Committee activity
*Compile and publish Compilations of Selected Acts in coordination with the
House Office of the Legislative Counsel
*Maintain Committee’s official letterhead, Franked envelopes and official
Page 2 of 15

listings with the Clerk of the House and Government Publications Office
*Complete compilation and binding of Committee prints, hearings, reports, and
public laws and maintain Committee’s library
*Maintain, organize, and transmit official records at the end each Congress
Additionally, applicant should be proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe
Acrobat, and internet research using legislative resources.
MEM-320-20

District Representative for California’s 49th Congressional District
Description: The staff member in this position acts as a liaison to federal, district,
and local agencies for the Member of Congress and constituents. The District
Representative is charged with helping constituents with casework and engaging
the Small Business community including planning meetings and events with the
Member of Congress. The person in this role is also responsible for building and
maintaining relationships with communities of color, diverse local stakeholder
groups, and other minority or historically underrepresented groups, including but
not limited to Black, Hispanic/Latino, and Asian American and Pacific Islander
communities.
Responsibilities: Handling constituent casework with the Internal Revenue
Service, Small Business Association, and additional agencies, as needed.
Planning and staffing in-district events, meetings, and site visits. Working closely
with the District Office and Washington, DC staff on local and assigned policy
issues and areas. Establishing relationships with local groups to include
attendance at key meetings and ensuring the office is tracking events and
functions to facilitate his attendance.
Qualifications: Successful applicants should have a thorough knowledge of
California’s 49th district, fluency in the Spanish language, a service-oriented
attitude, strong organizational skills, proficiency at prioritizing and managing
multiple projects at one time, a capacity to work both independently and as part
of a team, and strong written and oral communications
skills.
Preference may be given to residents of the 49th District. This office is an equal
opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual
orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our employees and encourage
candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply, including women, people of color,
and members of the LGBTQIA community.
To Apply: Please send resume, cover letter, three professional references, and
writing sample to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov

Page 3 of 15

MEM-318-20

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks an attorney with 2-4 years experience to serve as Investigative Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of ethical standards of conduct by current Members, Officers and staff
of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director and Chief
Counsel on legal and policy matters.
Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations and identify
facts requiring further investigation;
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases;
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broad legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE; and
•Prepare detailed reports containing investigative findings.
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise, and persuasive manner;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity;
•Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis;
•Ability to:
oWork independently or as part of an investigative team;
oManage multiple tasks and projects;
oWork well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
oExercise discretion and independent judgment.
•Desirable but not required:
oInvestigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
oExperience with investigations involving public officials;
oExperience with campaign finance or ethics law;
oExperience writing public reports and legal documents;
oAccounting, finance, or data analytics experience; and
oAdvanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations.

Page 4 of 15

Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans;
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings;
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assessing the
likely sources of that information;
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media and physical evidence;
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects; and
•Performing other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter and resume (electronic submissions strongly preferred)
to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-314-20

SUMMARY:
The office is looking for a principled, mission-driven, and energetic candidate
with a robust policy background in national security. The Senior Foreign Policy
Advisor will assist in the development of strategic policy goals and support the
Member’s work on the House Armed Services Committee.
The Senior Foreign Policy Advisor will advise the Member on assigned
legislative areas including foreign affairs, defense, and intelligence issues, and
supervise other members of the legislative staff.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Supervisory: Responsible for managing members of the legislative team,
including at least two fellows specializing in defense and foreign affairs.
Responsible for:
○Long-term and short-term legislative planning for the Member and for ensuring
that national security legislative staff is properly focused on carrying out the
Member's legislative goals
○Writing and developing a range of high-quality written materials, including
policy reports and policy memos
○Tracking policy proposals and implementation in assigned issue areas
Page 5 of 15

○Facilitating virtual engagements and preparing the Member for high-quality
policy discussions
○Representing the Member externally by attending policy briefings and meetings
○Recommending strategies and tactics on bills and positions
○Recommending co-sponsorships of legislation to the Member
○Providing the Member with support in building and maintaining positive
relationships with other Members, and with constituents and external
stakeholders
○Carrying out additional duties as required.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A bachelor’s degree is required and advanced degrees are preferred. A minimum
of 3-5 years of experience on Capitol Hill in national security policy and/or other
legislative experience is required.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
○Ability to think creatively, operate entrepreneurially, build and motivate a
strong team, and build effective partnerships
○Temperament to communicate and lead professionally in stressful situations
with a wide range of constituents and colleagues
○Energetic motivation to drive a path-breaking national security agenda for a new
generation of national security challenges, grounded in American principles but
not beholden to traditional policies and practices.
TO APPLY:
Please provide a resume and cover letter to ma06.resumes@mail.house.gov, with
the subject line “Senior Foreign Policy Advisor” by Monday, December 14,
2020.
MEM-313-20

Counsel for Congressional Committee - Congressional committee seeks
experienced lawyer to provide legal advice and counsel on a range of matters,
including the congressional budget process, fiscal law, legislative drafting and
development, and parliamentary procedures.
The position requires a law degree, excellent communication skills, and the
ability to work effectively under tight deadline. The ideal candidate will have a
record of being proactive and demonstrating initiative and will have several years
of legal experience in the federal government, familiarity with parliamentary
procedure, and a background in fiscal law and legislative drafting.
Prior committee experience or experience at OMB, CBO, or GAO is a plus.
Email resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample (2 to 4 pages) with subject
line “counsel position” to Budget-Democrat.Jobs@mail.house.gov – no phone
calls or walk-ins.

Page 6 of 15

MEM-312-20

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Staff Assistant for its
Washington, DC office.
The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate, friendly, and has noteworthy
experience. Responsibilities include greeting and screening visitors; responding
to constituent requests for information; maintaining handout literature regarding
the district and the House; hosting Capitol tours; and performing general
administrative duties, including answering the telephone and answering
constituent requests for general information, tours, and other inquiries.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, men, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. Maryland ties are a plus. Due to COVID-19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov on a rolling basis but no later than
January 12, 2021. No phone calls, faxes, or emails.

MEM-311-20

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Legislative Correspondent
for its Washington, DC office.
The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate, friendly, and has noteworthy
experience. Responsibilities include providing research for and responding to
letters from constituents and other interested parties. The position requires an
incredible attention to detail.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Women, men, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. Maryland ties are a plus. Due to COVID-19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov on a rolling basis but no later than
January 12, 2021. No phone calls, faxes, or emails.

MEM-310-20

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Legislative Assistant for its
Washington, DC office.
The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate, friendly, and has noteworthy
experience. Responsibilities include tracking legislation, executive action,
Page 7 of 15

administrative action, and other governmental developments; drafting constituent
correspondence for the Member; preparing for committee meetings and hearings;
answering constituent letters; and helping constituents with federal matters.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, men, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. Maryland ties are a plus. Due to COVID-19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov on a rolling basis but no later than
January 12, 2021. No phone calls, faxes, or emails.
MEM-306-20

Communications Director
U.S. Congressman Steven Horsford
4th District of Nevada
Democrat seeks an experienced Communications Director to implement a
focused and innovative communications strategy.
Responsibilities include:
- maintaining relationships with both national and local reporters,
- organizing and replying to inquiries,
- proactively pitching stories;
- drafting and editing press releases,
- developing an aggressive and responsive social media program;
- writing op-eds, talking points, newsletters, mailers, and speeches;
- managing the current press secretary,
- oversee franked communications and a robust 499 program
- working collaboratively with District Office and legislative staff to amplify the
office’s work.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of political communications
experience, a strong history of drafting all forms of communications materials,
and a track record of successfully pitching national and local media outlets. Prior
experience managing franked communications is a plus. Experience in digital
media, including social media and graphic/video design, is a plus.
The ideal candidate is collaborative, creative, energetic, detail-oriented, able to
multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fast-paced and
demanding setting. Nevada ties are a plus. Professional proficiency in Spanishlanguage reading, writing, and speech is a plus. Prior Hill experience is preferred.

Page 8 of 15

Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three writing samples, and three
professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file and
received by December 18, 2020, at 3:00 p.m. PST.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-304-20

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – Active Illinois Democrat serving on the
House Energy and Commerce Committee, is seeking an experienced and selfmotivated Communications Director to manage the office's press and
communications operations.
The position will oversee all communications and digital media functions of the
office, including pitching and fielding a high volume of press requests;
maintaining relationships with national and district media; writing press releases,
op-eds, speeches, newsletters, and talking points; leading interview preparation
and media relations efforts; manage all social media channels and web content;
and manage the work of the District Press Secretary and other staff.
Candidates must possess strong writing skills, creativity, the ability to operate in
a fast-paced office under strict deadlines, and be able to work collaboratively with
both DC and district staff. Ideal candidates should have previous Capitol Hill
experience, established media relationships and on-the record experience,
experience working with media bookers and the ability to operate proactively and
independently.
This is not an entry level position. Working knowledge of health, gun violence
prevention or tech/telecom policy is a plus but not required. Illinois/Chicago ties
are also a plus but not required.
Applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples, and
references to ILStaffingResumes@gmail.com with “Communications Director”
in the subject line. No other phone calls, faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.

MEM-302-20

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.

Page 9 of 15

Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful. The ideal candidate will have significant
experience interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication
skills and a working knowledge or strong interest in the District of Columbia and
its local government. Candidate must possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be
willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.
MEM-301-20

The office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Co-Chair of the
Congressional Progressive Caucus, seeks an experienced and creative digital
communications associate with exceptional writing abilities to lead the office’s
efforts online. This is not an entry level position.
Reporting to the Communications Director and working in a fast-paced
environment, the Digital Communications Associate will be responsible for the
development and daily execution of the office’s digital strategy—including
creating social media posts in the voice of the Congresswoman, compelling
graphics, engaging videos, captioned clips, policy-based blog posts, informative
newsletters, and well-written video scripts. This individual will also manage the
website.
Additionally, they will be expected to closely coordinate with the legislative
team, the district office, fellow Capitol Hill offices, and outside groups on events,
forums, panels, and other speaking engagements. A crucial element of these
events will be helping to draft briefing documents, talking points, and remarks.
Digital Content: Applicants should be proficient in graphic design and video
editing. This person will be responsible for proactively pitching and creating
graphics, videos, GIFs, and other digital content that is compelling, engaging, onbrand, and error free. In addition to managing a long-term strategic digital content
calendar, they will be expected to create content for rollouts and rapid response
opportunities. This includes clipping, captioning, and posting committee remarks,
floor speeches, and interviews.
Social Media: The Digital Communications Associate will manage the
Congresswoman’s social media platforms—including Twitter, Facebook, and
Instagram. This individual will be expected to proactively draft content in the
Page 10 of 15

voice of the Congresswoman each day in addition to quickly responding to news
articles, Capitol Hill developments, and other rapid response moments.
Applicants should have a passion for breaking down policy, current events, and
news. They will also need to track social media requests from the legislative and
district teams.
Writing: This position requires strong writing under tight deadlines. In addition to
writing social media content, this person will regularly write video scripts,
newsletters, and blog posts. The Digital Communications Associate will also help
the Communications Director draft briefing documents, talking points, and
remarks.
Interpersonal Communications: This position requires working in a team setting
under pressure. The Digital Communications Associate will not only work with
the legislative and district teams but also with outside groups. This individual will
track and coordinate speaking engagements, work closely with event organizers
on details, and ensure briefings have the information necessary for success.
TO APPLY, please send a résumé, video sample, graphic sample, and writing
sample to Jobs.Pramila@mail.house.gov with “Digital Communications
Associate” in the subject line.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Applications
will be accepted and reviewed on a rolling basis. This position will begin
remotely before working out of the Congresswoman’s Washington, DC office.
MEM-300-20

Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-7) seeks a Scheduler. Applicants should be highly
attentive to detail, able to juggle multiple competing priorities, and have a
“customer service” mentality. VA-07 ties a plus. Experience working in a
Congressional office or on a campaign is preferred, but scheduling or other
relevant experience outside of these contexts will be considered.
The office is primarily working remotely during the pandemic, with occasional
in-person work that is optional and handled in a socially-distanced, COVID-safe
manner. When the office returns to in-person work, this position will be based in
the Congresswoman’s Washington, DC office.
To apply, please submit a cover letter that addresses how your skills match the
needs of this position, a one-page resume, 2-3 references, and answers to the
following three additional questions
to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “DC Scheduler” in the subject line.
Competitive salary commensurate with experience.
Three additional questions:
Page 11 of 15

1.If Rep. Spanberger was taking a meeting with a stakeholder group, what
information would you want to make sure she had in advance of that meeting?
2.The person in this role may get dozens of requests every day for
meetings/events for Rep. Spanberger to attend. What would be your system for
tracking/responding to those invitations?
3.Do you have a salary requirement or expected salary range?
MEM-298-20

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks an
elementary and secondary education (K-12) legislative assistant.
This position will work on the education team, supporting the work of the
Professional Staff. Candidates should have familiarity with federal education
policy, including the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, General
Education Provisions Act, Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act,
and the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. Knowledge of other statutes
and policies within the Committee’s jurisdiction and how they impact elementary
and secondary education policy is required.
Applicants should have at least two years of policy or legal experience; prior Hill
experience is preferred but not necessary. Tasks will include supporting the
development of legislation, providing technical assistance to the Committee and
Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing written materials and
legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of committee proceedings and
events related to K-12 education.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, and two short writing
samples to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "K-12 Education Legislative
Assistant" in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-296-20

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff, seeks a Policy Analyst
for the Consumer Protection Subcommittee staff.
The broad jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes consumer protection
generally; motor vehicle safety; consumer product safety; regulation of
commercial practices, including sports-related matters; consumer privacy and
data security; and travel, tourism, and time. The subcommittee oversees the
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the Consumer Product Safety
Commission, and the Federal Trade Commission, among others.
The position requires the handling of substantive legislative and administrative
tasks, including staffing hearings and markups, conducting oversight, and
drafting legislation.
Page 12 of 15

Qualified candidates must have a minimum of 1-2 years of experience in the
House of Representatives, strong writing, analytical, and legislative skills; sound
political judgment; a proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling
multiple tasks with competing priorities; and a willingness to work long hours
and weekends. Candidates should have experience working with relevant public
interest groups, relevant agencies, Congress, and industry.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and at least two
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line
“Consumer Protection PA Candidate [your last name].”
MEM-292-20

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Professional Staff member responsible for labor policy legislation, with a dual
focus on workforce development programs, and workplace safety and
health/mine safety and health.
The successful applicant will work with lead labor policy staff in both areas to
organize and prepare materials for legislative hearings, markups and floor
activity; track floor and other committees’ activities; research, review and draft
legislation; solicit input from stakeholders; draft letters, dear colleagues and
memos; track regulatory developments; support Member requests for assistance;
and coordinate with oversight and communications teams in support of the
Committee’s agenda.
Applicants should have at least 3 years of experience in Congress, federal agency
or advocacy organization working on labor policy issues with in-depth
knowledge of federal workforce development programs and/or workplace health
and safety. An advanced degree in either area can substitute for experience. This
position is writing intensive and requires the ideal candidate to have exceptional
writing, communication, and organizational skills. Must demonstrate the ability
to successfully manage multiple projects under deadlines; display a collaborative
disposition; and a commitment to social justice and expanding economic
opportunity.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, 3-5 page writing sample,
and 3 professional references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Labor
Professional Staff" in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

Page 13 of 15

MEM-206-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire a Research and
Data Analyst.
In this capacity the Analyst will be responsible for leading data and research
collection and analysis for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion. This individual
will lead the development of the required diversity report, maintain key metrics
and key performance indicators for the Office, and serve as a resource for
external and internal diversity best practices.
This individual will also serve as the project manager for any consultants and/or
contractors with whom the Office may engage to support the completion of the
diversity report and to develop relevant diversity and inclusion-based training, in
collaboration with the Congressional Staff Academy.
Key Responsibilities
• This staffer will assist in the translation of research findings into materials that
staff can effectively utilize in their engagements with Members and Member
offices.
• Provide research support on diversity and inclusion studies, techniques and
tools.
• Serve as project manager for the diversity report and, where necessary, direct
and coordinate activities of external consultants.
• Research and study best practices for retention and growth in House employing
offices.
• Lead data tracking and reporting with a focus on performance and results.
• Prepare regular updates and briefing documents on research that is relevant to
House employing offices.
• Assist with the development and delivery of training sessions and, as needed,
conduct presentations at professional conferences and meetings.
Master’s degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field; or equivalent
level of experience providing technical assistance, data collections and/or
research.
• Must have knowledge and experience in diversity, equity, and inclusion
research efforts, ideally with a strong background in curriculum development.
Current working knowledge of coalition functioning, evaluation and research.
• Quantitative and qualitative evaluation and research skills.
• Expertise using relevant software.
• Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a diverse
team.
• Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on
assignment.
• Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
• Extensive computer skills, including data input.

Page 14 of 15

Interested candidates should apply by following the instructions here:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/86?c=house
Candidates will be asked to upload a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

Page 15 of 15

