House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 1, 2020

MEM-157-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire a Research
and Data Analyst. In this capacity the Analyst will be responsible for leading
data and research collection and analysis for the Office of Diversity and
Inclusion. This individual will lead the development of the required diversity
report, maintain key metrics and key performance indicators for the Office,
and serve as a resource for external and internal diversity best practices.
This individual will also serve as the project manager for any consultants
and/or contractors with whom the Office may engage to support the
completion of the diversity report and to develop relevant diversity and
inclusion-based training, in collaboration with the Congressional Staff
Academy.
Key Responsibilities:
• This staffer will assist in the translation of research findings into materials
that staff can effectively utilize in their engagements with Members and
Member offices.
• Provide research support on diversity and inclusion studies, techniques and
tools.
• Serve as project manager for the diversity report and, where necessary,
Page 1 of 8

direct and coordinate activities of external consultants.
• Research and study best practices for retention and growth in House
employing offices.
• Lead data tracking and reporting with a focus on performance and results.
• Prepare regular updates and briefing documents on research that is relevant
to House employing offices.
• Assist with the development and delivery of training sessions and, as
needed, conduct presentations at professional conferences and meetings.
Qualifications:
Master’s degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field; or equivalent
level of experience providing technical assistance, data collections and/or
research.
• Must have knowledge and experience in diversity, equity, and inclusion
research efforts, ideally with a strong background in curriculum development.
Current working knowledge of coalition functioning, evaluation and research.
• Quantitative and qualitative evaluation and research skills.
• Expertise using relevant software.
• Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a
diverse team.
• Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on
assignment.
• Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
• Extensive computer skills, including data input.
Interested candidates should send an email to Diverse.House@mail.house.gov
with “Research and Data Analyst” in the subject line and. Women, minority,
veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-156-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire an
administrative professional. The Staff Assistant will be responsible for
performing a variety of skilled and semi-skilled duties related to internal and
external customer service ranging from routine to complex clerical,
secretarial, communications and administrative work.
The ideal candidate must be detail-oriented well organized, have experience
supporting a team, managing multiple calendars, and must be able to maintain
a high level of tact and confidentiality.
Key Responsibilities:
• Responsible for managing the intake and dissemination of requests sent to
the House Diversity and Inclusion team, including, but not limited to, resume
Page 2 of 8

review and referrals.
• Provide administrative support to the House Diversity and Inclusion team.
• Draft and review correspondence for accuracy and completeness.
• Responsible for managing the day to day of the office (managing supplies,
office vendors, interfacing with external and internal vendors, answering
phones, processing mail, etc.).
• Maintain team calendar and coordinate all internal staff meetings/ events.
• Manage the calendars and schedule all appointments for the Candidate
Services team, including scheduling resume reviews, mock interviews and
exit interviews.
• Perform other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree (or equivalent level of experience) and relevant experience
in an administrative role.
• Experience supporting a team in a fast-paced environment.
• Detail oriented.
• Knowledge of technology and office equipment and willingness to learn
new information systems and software; proficiency in the use of computer
applications and Microsoft Office Suite (e.g., Excel, PowerPoint, Word), an
Internet Quorum program highly preferred.
Interested candidates should send an email to Diverse.House@mail.house.gov
with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line and include a cover letter, resume,
and a writing sample. Salary commensurate with experience. Women,
minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+ candidates
are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-155-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire two (2)
Professional Staffers of Member and Candidate Services. The professional
staffers will be responsible for corresponding and providing direct support to
House employing offices in the areas of diversity and inclusion training,
consulting and applicant placement. These individuals will also be responsible
for corresponding and providing direct support to candidates by providing
applicant coaching and preparedness services.
Position requires exceptional interpersonal skills, a hospitality-minded
approach, excellent organizational skills and attention to detail. The ideal
candidate will have experience working on Capitol Hill and will bring
experience in office administration, database system management, program
management and event planning.
Key Responsibilities:

Page 3 of 8

• Establish relationships with House employing offices.
• Determine Member office staffing needs through initial assessment and
ongoing meetings.
• Drive increased participation in programs and services.
• Create and maintain diversity and inclusion resource materials (diversity and
inclusion handbook, best practice documents, etc.) for dissemination to House
employing offices.
• Database management for candidate selection and placement.
• Conduct initial assessment for applicants including resume reviews and
advising.
• Conduct mock interviews and exit interviews for applicants.
• Represent the Office at internal and external engagements as needed.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree and a combination of knowledge and experience in
diversity and inclusion issues in the public and/or private sectors. The
individual must be a self-starter with a history of working collaboratively with
a diverse cross section of stakeholders. Experience in building consensus and
gaining support around challenging issues.
• Experience with program management and implementation.
• Experience with computers and working knowledge of Word, Excel, and
social media.
• Management experience in hiring, and supervision of staff.
Interested candidates should send an email to Diverse.House@mail.house.gov
with “Professional Staff” in the subject line and include a cover letter, resume,
and two writing samples. Salary commensurate with experience. Women,
minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+ candidates
are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-154-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking a Communications
Manager. The communications manager will be responsible for helping to
“tell the story” of the office with internal and external audiences.
This individual will develop and drive communications and outreach efforts
targeting House Offices, ensuring that they are aware of the ways in which the
House Office of Diversity and Inclusion can support diversity objectives. This
individual will also help to communicate the diversity “business case,” and
support writing and creative needs for the Office. Successful candidate must
be results-driven and proactive in the application of innovative and creative
approaches to drive engagement with House Offices.
Key Responsibilities:

Page 4 of 8

• Responsible for the development/production of content across multiple
platforms including photography, videos, infographics, and other creative
executions for Member offices, events, trainings and research products.
• Manage the Office of Diversity and Inclusion web site, newsletter, and
social media platforms. Activity includes drafting and scheduling content,
monitoring for mentions, identifying opportunities for engagement, updating
follower lists, and keeping up with social media trends.
• Repurpose existing content and find opportunities for new content.
• Support the House D&I program with writing and implementation as
needed.
• Perform other duties and projects as assigned
Qualifications:
• Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Digital Communications,
Publishing, or Content Production.
• Have a strong knowledge of social media and content trends, and emerging
technologies and platforms. Have a working knowledge of digital and social
media metrics.
• The ideal candidate will have a background in photography and video
production and editing and have a strong focus on storytelling.
• Experience with social media community management required
• Excellent writing skills required
• Design knowledge strongly preferred
• Extensive experience handling multiple projects from ideation to final
delivery
• Knowledge and understanding of Canva, Adobe Creative Cloud apps
including Premiere Pro, Photoshop, Illustrator, Media Encoder and After
Effects are preferred.
Interested candidates should send an email to Diverse.House@mail.house.gov
with “Communications Manager” in the subject line and include a cover
letter, resume, a writing sample, and digital portfolio. Salary commensurate
with experience. Women, minority, veterans, people of all political
ideologies, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-151-20

The House Financial Services Committee Majority staff seeks a creative and
detail-oriented Deputy Communications Director or Press Secretary
(depending on qualifications) with strong media relations and writing skills to
be a core part of a four-person communications team carrying out the
Committee’s communications strategy on behalf of the Chairwoman.
Responsibilities include but aren’t limited to developing press releases,
talking points and written materials; developing content for the Committee’s
website and digital platforms; developing and maintaining relationships with
Page 5 of 8

national, local, political and minority-focused media; and proactively pitching
members of the press on Committee initiatives.
This is not an entry-level position.
Ideal candidates will have prior Capitol Hill or advocacy experience and
knowledge of the legislative process; strong oral, writing and proofreading
skills; and a positive approach to a busy and fast-paced work environment.
Evening and weekend work is expected.
The Committee is an equal opportunity employer. Women and minority
candidates are encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to
fscdemresumes@mail.house.gov.
MEM-148-20

DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE – Thousand Oaks, CA
Member of Congress seeks an energetic and self-motivated individual to serve
as a District Representative in an active Congressional district office.
Duties include representing the Member of Congress in the community,
maintaining positive relationships with constituents, other local elected
officials, and business and community leaders and organizations.
Additionally, this individual is also responsible for handling constituent
casework in their assigned issue areas, which includes answering casework
correspondence, meeting with constituents, communicating with constituents,
and serving as a liaison with federal and local agencies.
Candidates must be able to work quickly in a high pressure environment,
meet very tight deadlines, and have exceptional writing and organizational
skills. Fluent in Spanish and Ventura County ties are a plus but not required.
Must be available, as necessary, to work evenings and/or weekend hours.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing
samples to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with just “District Representative” in
the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-147-20

Communications Director — Active, hard-working Democratic member of
Illinois congressional delegation seeks Communications Director for a fastpaced office.

Page 6 of 8

Responsibilities include planning and implementing communications strategy
across a broad portfolio, working closely with legislative and district staff to
effectively communicate the Member’s message, handling daily media
inquiries, maintaining relationships with national, Chicago, and local
reporters, writing talking points and press releases, pitching op-eds,
overseeing paid constituent outreach (franking) budget, managing website,
producing videos and social media content, and planning and promoting press
events in DC and the district.
Ideal applicants will have previous communications and/or Capitol Hill
experience, strong writing and oral communication skills, the ability to
multitask and prioritize under pressure, and be team players with a good sense
of humor.
Women, veterans and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. Spanish
fluency is a plus.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a writing sample as one attachment to
ILCongressional.Jobs@mail.house.gov
MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill,
as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of
relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing
statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references.
Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Page 7 of 8

Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects.
A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 8 of 8

