House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 13, 2017

MEM-448-17

Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard’s Oahu district office is searching for a fulltime staff assistant. Job responsibilities include fielding constituent calls,
processing mail, coordinating internship program, assisting with casework
and constituent requests for information, maintaining a photographic
database, drafting correspondence, maintaining office equipment, and other
administrative duties. In addition, the staff assistant occasionally represents
Congresswoman Gabbard at community events.
Strong ties to the state and organizational skills are a must. To apply for the
position, please e-mail your cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
contact information for three work references to hi02jobs@gmail.com with
the subject line "STAFF ASSISTANT." No calls or “walk-ins” please.

Page 1 of 6

MEM-447-17

The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Military and Veterans
Liaison and Caseworker with strong organizational and communication
skills.
The liaison/caseworker is responsible for helping constituents resolve issues
and navigate the services provided by the federal government. This person
manages constituent casework, and participates in community projects and
events. Responsibilities include monitoring and updating the Congresswoman
and Chief of Staff on district and local issues, and acts as a liaison to federal
and local agencies for the Congresswoman for the following issue areas:
Department of Defense/Military, Homeland Security (Military-related)
including U.S. Coast Guard, Intelligence, Veterans, Foreign Affairs,
FAA, and FEMA/Disaster Management.
The ideal candidate will possess a can-do attitude and is solutions oriented.
He or she will also be a self-starter and will possess the capacity to produce
quality work on short deadlines. He or she will also have a demonstrated
ability to communicate effectively with colleagues in a dynamic work
environment.
The selected applicant will be expected to thrive in a fast-paced office, with
the ability to pay close attention to detail and think creatively to find
solutions. Non-traditional work hours, and occasional travel are required.
Veteran applications are welcome!
Please do not call or drop by the office, qualified applicants may email a
cover letter, resume and two writing samples with “Military Liaison” in the
email title to: hi02jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-428-17

New Mexico Democrat and CHC Chairwoman seeks Scheduler/Executive
Assistant for Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules, processing all incoming invitations and meeting requests,
coordinating travel arrangements, and communicating with constituents by
phone and email to address requests, concerns, and questions. The ideal
candidate will be detail-oriented and extremely well-organized. Applicants
should have previous scheduling experience (at least one year in a similar
position).
Responsibilities also include driving the member (including nights and some
weekends). Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering phones,
opening the office, and general assistance to the DC office staff. This position
is also responsible for backing up the Staff Assistant and assisting office with

Page 2 of 6

administrative duties. New Mexico ties and a sense of humor are a plus.
Previous scheduling experience is important.
To apply, please submit resume, cover letter and three references to
NM01.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler/Executive Assistant” in the
subject line. Please submit all application materials in one pdf.
No phone calls please.

MEM-426-17

A Midwest Republican is accepting resumes for a Health Legislative
Assistant to coordinate the Member’s legislative agenda (with the LD) and
oversee health and other issues that fit with the applicants skills and interest.
An eligible candidate should have at least three years’ legislative experience
on Capitol Hill, a track record of passing legislation, and knowledge of health
care systems and laws. Candidates should possess excellent interpersonal and
organizational skills, initiative, and top-notch written and oral skills. An
economics background is a plus. Qualified candidates should send a resume
with Health Care LA in the subject line and include a cover letter and resume
to Congressional.Vacancy@mail.house.gov.

MEM-409-17

California Democrat seeks proactive, experienced Press Secretary to help
lead an aggressive national communications operation. The ideal applicant
will have 4-6 years of experience creating and executing media plans as well
as proven success confirming national cable TV interviews. Responsibilities
include frequent pitching and reporter/producer engagement; social media
platform management; and drafting op-eds, releases and press materials. This
role demands creativity, excellent writing and editing skills, and poise under
pressure. This is not an entry level position. Diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply. Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and
two writing samples with the subject line “Press Secretary” to
cademhilljobs@gmail.com.

MEM-397-17

Midwestern Democratic Member is seeking an experienced legislative
assistant to handle a portfolio including commerce, trade, labor, and other
issues as assigned. Ideal candidate will have prior experience as a Legislative
Assistant or otherwise managing commerce, trade, and labor policy.
Candidate must be proficient at advancing legislation, analyzing and briefing
on complex policy issues, and drafting a wide array of written materials.
Strong written and verbal communication skills and a demonstrated ability to
work collaboratively in a team environment are critical. This is not an entry
level position and interns will not be considered. At least three years of Hill or
other relevant professional experience is required. Applicants should email a
resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to resume.la@mail.house.gov.

Page 3 of 6

MEM-395-17

The Caseworker position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local
agencies for the Congressman and constituents and answers casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Acts as the representative for the Congressman answering casework
correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal communications
with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies;
• Handles casework assignments;
• Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons
or groups to form effective relationships for the Congressman;
• Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and
makes recommendations to the District Director and Chief of Staff.
• Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
• Logs in all incoming telephone calls relating to casework;
• Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases
and district activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
• Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents
to ensure that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
• Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
• Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff,
and constituents;
• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress; and
• Performs other duties as assigned.
This position may require work on weekends and holidays.
Qualifications
• Strong written, communication, analytical, and organization skills; an
ability to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds;
impeccable customer service manners.
• Bachelor’s degree required.
• Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with
Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
• Candidate must have an understanding of government agencies and
structure (local, county, state and federal).
• Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a
team, be able to meet strict deadlines and balance multiple projects.
Attention to detail and accuracy is essential.
Page 4 of 6

•
•
•

Candidate should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to
excellence, upbeat demeanor and flexibility.
Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.
Bilingual skills a plus.

To apply
All interested individuals should email a cover letter and resume to
Gomez.CAjobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
MEM-387-17

The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Communications
Director to manage and coordinate all media and public relations activities in
a very busy and dynamic office. The ideal candidate will be able to develop
and execute integrated communications plans, collaborate effectively with
colleagues and implement all public relations strategies.
Responsibilities include building and expanding the office’s relationships
with media outlets, working with the Chief of Staff and Legislative Director
to develop media strategies, successfully pitching stories and press events to a
wide range of media outlets, responding to and managing media inquiries
from diverse media outlets, writing op-eds, speeches, press releases,
statements and talking points. Responsibilities will also include working with
the deputy communications director in the District Office as well as
maintaining an active social media profile, managing the Member’s official
website, and other tasks.
Potential candidates must be able to thrive in a fast-paced office, have
excellent written and oral communication skills, and strong editing and
proofreading abilities. Candidates must be able to develop a keen
understanding of the unique priorities and views of the district and find ways
to advance the Member’s objectives.
This is a senior level position which requires dedication, close attention to
detail and the ability to think outside the box. Non-traditional work
hours, and travel to the District are to be expected. Hawaii ties are ideal but
not required. Veteran applications are welcome.
No calls or drop ins. Qualified applicants may email a cover letter, resume
and writing samples to: hi02jobs@gmail.com.

Page 5 of 6

MEM-382-17

Democratic Member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee is seeking a
skilled and experienced Legislative Assistant to handle foreign policy and
related issues. Candidates should have relevant Capitol Hill experience,
excellent communications skills, and a background in foreign policy and/or an
advanced degree. Background in Asia policy a plus. Interested applicants
should submit a resume and cover letter to
LegislativeAssistant2017@gmail.com.

MEM-316-17

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives, and Ranking
Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic
staff. The ideal candidate will be a junior attorney (fewer than five years of
experience) with a background or strong interest in investigations.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills. Please send a resume and
cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject
line.

Page 6 of 6

