House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 2, 2015
MEM-354-15

Investigator (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced investigative professional for an investigator position. The
Committee’s investigator is responsible for assisting the Committee in all
aspects of its investigative work, including researching and reviewing public
data sources, forensic research, document review, data collection and
analysis, and preparing for and participating in witness interviews. This is a
nonpartisan position which requires the ability to assist with impartial
investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding organizational, research, and analytical skills, as well as
the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise
before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is
desirable: government ethics, criminal law, civil litigation, administrative
investigations and adjudications, depositions, investigative journalism, or
financial accounting. Experience with document review/management
platforms and/or online research services (Lexis/Nexis, Westlaw, CLEAR)
also preferred. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume,
cover letter, and a short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please
include the phrase “Investigator” in the subject line.
Page 1 of 6

MEM-351-15

The Scheduler/Executive Assistant maintains the Congresswoman's official
schedule, travel plans, and related records. This position also acts as a liaison
for the Congresswoman with the staff, public and other Members of
Congress.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
• Prepares the daily schedule for the Member and distributes copies to the
Washington, D.C. and district offices;
• Prepares detailed itineraries for the Member, including important numbers,
locations and contact names;
• Prepares monthly projected schedules for the Member;
• Briefs the Member on all scheduling activities and requests of the
Washington, D.C. and district offices;
• Schedules all staff meetings and briefings involving the Member;
• Coordinates scheduling of press, interviews, radio and television time with
the Press Secretary;
• Coordinates photo opportunities with constituents;
• Makes reservations for the Members air travel, ground transportation, and
lodging;
• Submits vouchers for travel and expense reimbursement to the staff member
responsible for submitting office bills for payment;
• Reviews the Members mail and invitations;
• Responds to all invitations, either by written correspondence or by personal
telephone call;
• Maintains files of invitations that have been declined, accepted, or that are
tentative/pending;
• Ensures that the Member is provided with briefing materials for each event
by coordinating with event participants and the appropriate legislative and/or
district staff;
• Monitors the Members incoming telephone calls, takes messages, and
returns calls as requested;
• Places outgoing calls for the Member and maintains a record of calls;
• Maintains the Members files, including notes, correspondence, and all
information relating to travel;
• Organizes documentation and materials for the Members annual financial
disclosure report;
• Acts as a liaison for constituents and other individuals when they visit the
Member;
• Acts as a liaison between the Member and her colleagues, committee staff,
White House, and government offices and agencies to arrange for the
Members attendance at meetings or to coordinate travel plans;
• Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff and
constituents;
• Manages the internship program for the office including the following:
o Compiles applications for consideration by the Member;
Page 2 of 6

Trains and orients new interns;
Together with the legislative staff, assigns daily duties to interns;
Drafts letters verifying internship experience;
Provides written intern agreements and necessary documentation or
reports to interns’ schools;
o Ensures that interns are provided with work related educational
opportunities;
o Maintains files on all past and present interns;
o
o
o
o

• Coordinates Page applications;
• Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
• Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
• Works well under pressure and handles stress;
• Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
• Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Associate degree in applied business with an executive secretary major is
preferred with least two years of office experience. At least one year working
in a congressional office is beneficial; Experience making travel reservations
and arrangements. Alternatively, three to five years of related work
experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Strong telephone skills;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment with respect to
prioritization of and recommendations on appointments;
• Proficiency in word processing;
• Types a minimum rate of 60 words per minute;
• Strong organizational and filing skills;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Ability to perform essential job functions above;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
• Thorough knowledge of office administration, policies, practices, and
procedures;
• Thorough knowledge of office computer applications;
• Thorough knowledge of office equipment & machines; and
• Thorough proficiency in word processing and keyboarding;
WORKING CONDITIONS:
• Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate; and
• Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
Page 3 of 6

Please send a resume and writing sample to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.
MEM-349-15

Conservative southeastern member seeks Legislative Assistant to handle
issue areas, assist in drafting legislation, provide policy research, and liaise
with constituent groups and stakeholders. Superior writing skill and
ideological fit are an absolute must. Successful candidates will have a fluid
style, a strong knowledge of English usage, and a passion for the details of
written communication. Must be able to produce on deadline. Hill experience
preferred but not necessary. Nontraditional resumes welcome. Please send a
resume and writing samples of varied forms to semember3@gmail.com. No
calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.

MEM-347-15

Congressman Mark DeSaulnier (CA-11) is seeking a District Representative
to conduct community outreach; attend meetings and events; monitor district
and local issues; act as a liaison to federal, district and local agencies; answer
casework correspondence; and ensure constituents receive a timely response.
Candidates should be hard working and possess strong oral and written
communications skills, knowledge of the district, a professional and positive
demeanor, the ability to multi-task, meet deadlines, and produce a quality
work product. A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district
is required, but position will be based in Walnut Creek or Richmond. Please
submit a cover letter, resume and writing sample by November 2nd to
California11Resumes@gmail.com.

MEM-331-15

House Committee Democratic staff seeks a detail-oriented Committee Clerk/
Administrator to handle committee legislative clerk responsibilities as well
as office administrator/payroll work. Hill experience strictly required,
preferably 2+ years -- this is not an entry-level position. Committee
legislative clerk, hearing coordination, or similar experience strongly
preferred, familiarity with Congressional payroll and Hill office
administrative work a strong plus. Please e-mail your résumé and cover letter
to demcommitteejob@mail.house.gov. No phone calls, please.

MEM-330-15

Rep. Cheri Bustos (D-IL) seeks a Press Assistant/Speechwriter for an
aggressive media operation. This position will require strong writing skills,
attention to detail and a willingness to be flexible. Primary responsibilities
will include drafting remarks, op-eds, press releases, talking points, social
media, e-newsletters, compiling media clips and franked communication.
Capitol Hill or campaign experience is preferred, but not a requirement, as are
ties to Illinois. The Office is an equal opportunity employer committed to
building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Diverse
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. To be considered, please send a
cover letter, two writing samples and resume to illinois17job@gmail.com
with the subject line "Press Assistant/Speechwriter". No phone calls or dropbys, please.

Page 4 of 6

MEM-316-15

Senior Midwest Appropriator seeks a Legislative Correspondent to handle
issue-specific constituent communications and legislative research.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting constituent
correspondence, tracking legislation, meeting with constituents and interest
groups, briefing the Congressman, and generally supporting the legislative
and front office operations. Candidate must be highly dependable, flexible,
value responsiveness to constituents, and have superior organizational and
writing skills. Knowledge of the legislative process and Indiana ties a plus.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to
in01.resume@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Correspondent” in the subject
line. No calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.

MEM-302-15

Congresswoman Norma J. Torres is seeking an energetic, communityoriented individual for the position of District Representative.
The position will be based in the Ontario, CA District Office.
The District Representative will act as a liaison between constituent groups
and Congresswoman Torres, in addition to initiating community outreach
projects. The District Representative will respond to in-person, written and
telephone inquiries from constituents, as well as make legislative and
ceremonial presentations on behalf of Congresswoman Torres. The District
Representative will also maintain an awareness and involvement in district
affairs, representing the Congresswoman at public events in the district. In
addition, the District Representative will work with the Press Secretary to
maintain Congresswoman Torres’ social media accounts.
Necessary qualifications:










Strong public speaking skills
Flexible schedule; the ability to attend early morning, evening and
weekend events
The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and
compassion
Strong writing skills
Problem solving abilities
The ability to exercise a high degree of initiative
The ability to work independently and use good judgment
The ability to maintain confidentiality
Knowledge of the cities, communities and issues of concern to the 35th
Congressional District

Bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
caldemresumes@gmail.com with “District Representative” in the subject.
No phone calls please.

Page 5 of 6

MEM-297-15

Conservative western republican seeks motivated and aggressive
Communications Director to work placement of stories in local district
media. Must have demonstrated experience working with various forms of
media, pitching stories, and solid verbal and writing skills. Understanding of
policy issues and ability to critically think of district implications a must.
Send resume and cover letter to western.jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-292-15

Progressive Tennessee Member seeks experienced, media-savvy, proactive
Communications Director to manage a fast-paced communications
operation. Responsibilities include developing and implementing a
coordinated and strategic communications plan; identifying emerging press
opportunities; writing press releases, talking points, speeches and op-eds;
pitching stories and responding to press inquiries; booking interviews on radio
and television; scheduling and organizing press events; managing
congressional website, Facebook and Twitter accounts; producing a
comprehensive weekly e-newsletter and regular print mailings to constituents;
and fostering strong relationships with reporters to secure local and national
coverage of the member's work.
Must work closely with DC and district staff to quickly grasp legislative and
local issues and communicate them effectively. Additionally, CD will be
responsible for portions of the office's mail operation. Strong political
judgment, good sense of humor and ability to work under short deadlines in a
rapidly changing environment is required. Must be comfortable with and
show good judgment speaking on the record with press. Ideal candidate will
have an existing network of press contacts, strong writing skills, political
savvy and ability to strategically connect DC policy with district press
opportunities.
Ideal candidate will have at least 3 years’ experience in media relations or in
journalism. Hill experience and Tennessee ties are a plus, as are knowledge
of Judiciary and Transportation issues. Interested parties should send a cover
letter, resume and 2 writing samples to cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-276-15

Colorado Republican seeking Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant
with strong writing skills. Responsibilities include: management of
constituent mail and social media accounts; execution of 499 program;
drafting op-eds, press releases, and talking points; coordinating media efforts;
and working directly with the Communications Director. Applicants should
be able to write quickly and effectively in a fast paced environment. Colorado
ties and Hill experience a plus.
Please send a cover letter, writing sample, and resume to
ColoradoRepublican06@gmail.com.

Page 6 of 6

