House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 23, 2017

MEM-018-17

Congressional Immigration Liaison for US Citizenship and Immigration
Services, US Department of State and Passport Services whose primary
responsibility will be to advocate for constituents with these agencies, provide
briefings of the issues, follow-up until there is resolution and resolve
emerging problems.
Responsibilities:
Act as Spanish Translation for the Website; Assist constituents with
Immigrant/non-immigrant visas; Assist constituents with passport issues;
Assist immigrants with naturalization and permanent residency; Assess case
for work for issues requiring legislative action; Develop Outreach Plan for
Clarkston Community; Build substantive and trust relationships with the
Mayor of Clarkston and the City Council; Monitor and remain abreast of local
issues; Manage constituent calls; Provide monthly case flow report to District
Director; Become proficient with IQ Correspondence Management system;
Build substantive relationships with USCIS Congressional Contacts at the
Atlanta Field Office; Build substantive relationships with NGP organizations
that provide assistance to the immigrant community, i.e., New Pathways,
Page 1 of 4

Catholic Services, and Refugee Resettlement Center; Become knowledgeable
regarding agency processing procedures, times and requirements; Decipher
the constituent’s info and determine the most direct path for resolution;
Participate in US Citizenship, Department of State and Passport training;
Assist with Planning and executing District events; And other miscellaneous
administrative responsibilities
Requirements:
Fluent in Spanish, Prior Immigration experience, Computer Literate, Good
interpersonal skills, Strong organizational skills, BS/BA required, Strong
administrative and writing skills
Candidates please submit resumes to Kathy.Register@mail.house.gov.
MEM-013-17

California Democrat (Rep. Jerry McNerney, CA-09) seeks experienced
communications director to develop and execute aggressive, proactive longterm media and outreach strategy.
Responsibilities include serving as chief spokesperson, successfully pitching
stories and press events to both national and local media outlets, responding
to media inquiries, effectively messaging policy and other priorities,
maintaining an active web presence and social media profile, and writing
press releases, op-eds, speeches, talking points, and franked mail.
Excellent written and oral communication skills, strong editing and
proofreading abilities, and working collaboratively with an active legislative
team and District staff in a demanding, fast-paced, deadline-driven
environment are required.
Successful candidate must have the desire and ability to develop relationships
with California and national reporters. Requires outreach to print, TV, and
radio outlets.
The Communications Director is also responsible for maintaining
relationships with different vendors for the purpose of constituent outreach
and communications services.
Candidate must be comfortable working closely with the Member and staff,
and possibly overseeing staff or interns.
Ideal candidate would be politically astute and have a good sense of humor
and positive attitude. Desired qualities include the ability to respond to
challenging situations quickly and strategically.
This position is based in the Congressman’s Washington, D.C. office and
requires non-traditional hours and occasional travel to the District.
California ties, Hill experience, and Spanish literacy are a plus. Qualified
Page 2 of 4

applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing samples to:
McNerneyResumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop ins, please.
MEM-010-17

Senior Florida Democrat is seeking a highly motivated, detail-oriented, and
energetic individual with excellent organizational, oral and written
communications skills for a staff assistant position in the Washington, DC
office.
Daily tasks include answering calls, conducting and organizing tours,
processing constituent requests, greeting visitors, assisting with the
coordination of the intern program, and aiding the office in various
administrative duties including transporting the Member to meetings and
events as needed. Additionally, the individual will be working with Director
of Scheduling and Chief of Staff on special assignments and projects.
Excellent writing, verbal and strong organizational skills are essential along
with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
. Individuals must have impeccable driving skills, a good driving record and a
vehicle. Candidates should be team-oriented, have a sense of humor, and be
able to work in a fast-paced environment. South Florida ties are a MUST.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, a list of three work
references, to FL23resumes@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or expression, or
sexual orientation.

MEM-006-17

Congressman Delaney (MD-06) seeks a Legislative Assistant to cover the
Financial Services Committee and other issues as assigned. This job will
entail significant legislative research and working with the Congressman to
draft bills and amendments, as well as building coalitions in support of the
Congressman’s legislative agenda. Candidates must be smart, hard-working,
and good team players. Significant experience with financial services policy
required. This is not an entry-level position.
To apply, please send resume and cover letter to MDLAjob@mail.house.gov

MEM-352-16

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives. Rep. Elijah E.
Cummings, the Ranking Member, is seeking an Investigative Counsel to join
the Democratic staff to participate in all matters under the Committee’s
jurisdiction, including investigations, hearings, depositions, tran¬scribed
interviews, and briefings. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with 2-5
years of investigative or litigation experience. Candidates must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
Page 3 of 4

excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Please send a
resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Investigative
Counsel” in the subject line.

Page 4 of 4

