House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 18, 2014
MEM-286-14

Staff Assistant: We are seeking a highly energetic, motivated, and organized
individual to join the team of a Senior Democratic member of Congress. The
candidate will have strong interpersonal skills, be comfortable with managing
multiple tasks and work well under pressure.
The staff assistant is responsible for preparing letters of greetings, condolence
and congratulations on behalf of the Member; answering the phones;
coordinating mail and casework distribution; making room reservations for
meetings. Light casework assignments will include post office problems and
requests for expedited passports and as assigned by the District Director. The
staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting training,
scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication skills and a
working knowledge of the District of Columbia. Candidate must be a resident
of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to D.C., if hired.
Page 1 of 3

The closing date for this until fillee. Salary is based on skill and experience
level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to:
DC00.NortonResume@mail.houe.gov or fax to (202) 225-1129
Absolutely no phone calls will be accepted!
MEM-281-14

California Democrat is hiring a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for a fast
paced and team-oriented Washington, DC office.
Duties of the position include but are not limited to:
DC and district offices.

arrangements.
about the Member’s schedule.
g all front office operations in the Washington DC office.

Qualifications and Skills for the position:
interpersonal skills.
-task in a fast-paced environment.

district while managing the schedule.
Member’s needs, while being creative.
ability to work well as an individual and as a
member of a team.
If interested, please email a resume, cover letter, and references to
CAJobs@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler/ Executive Assistant” in the
subject line. Previous scheduling experience is strongly preferred. Salary will
be commensurate with experience. This is not an entry level position.
MEM-280-14

Job Summary and Requirements: The Committee on Ethics has an opening for
Page 2 of 3

a Staff Assistant on the Committee’s non-partisan professional staff.
Duties include: Answering telephones; assisting with the Committee
investigation’s production process; assisting with the tracking and processing
of Committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up
Committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with
accuracy. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a
professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft
Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and
flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects. Members of the nonpartisan staff must refrain from engaging in partisan political activities and are
subject to strict rules of confidentiality about the Committee’s work.
Applicant Instructions: Please email cover letter and resume to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Staff Assistant” in the
subject line.
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-273-14

Western Freshman Democratic Member seeks Deputy Chief of Staff in
Washington, D.C. office. This dynamic individual will serve as a senior
manager working under the direction of the Member and the Chief of
Staff. The Deputy Chief of Staff serves as the Member's point of contact with
interest and advocacy groups based in Washington, D.C. Coordinates with
legislative team to proactively identify outreach opportunities with
Washington, D.C. based groups. Responsible for staffing the Member in
select meetings in Washington, D.C. office. Works with Chief of Staff and
Legislative Director to strategically identify legislative and policy
opportunities for the Member. Individual will have extensive experience
working with interest groups on or off Capitol Hill. Please submit cover letter,
resume, and brief writing sample to HouseDCOS2014@gmail.com.

Page 3 of 3

