House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 21, 2016

MEM-367-16

Multi-term Southern Republican House Member seeks Communications
Director with previous Capitol Hill experience
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• to manage and coordinate all communications activities, including media
contacts, for the Member and the office
QUALIFICATIONS:
• at least 2 years of congressional experience and one year of experience as a
Communications Director or Press Secretary
• strong academic credentials
• strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills
• strong oral communication skills
• understanding of print and broadcast media with a current working list of
Washington and national media contacts
• thorough knowledge of legislative process
• knowledge of current issues and events in which the Member is involved
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the representation
Page 1 of 5

of the Member's positions on policy issues
• availability to work long hours
• ability to work well under pressure
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with office staff, constituents,
and media.
DUTIES:
• acts as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member
• develops and implements media and communications strategy for the
Member
• remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which
the Member may be questioned
• evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the nation for
their impact on the Member
• provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's actions
and legislative activities
• writes speeches for the Member
• supervises Press Assistant and online/social media presence
USHouseStaffJob@gmail.com

MEM-365-16

House Leadership Democrat seeks highly motivated and experienced
Communications Director to handle press inquiries, speech-writing, social
media, and message development and strategy for both Washington and the
District. The Communications Director will be working with our
communications team to coordinate and execute the Member’s overall
communication efforts.
Candidates must have excellent writing skills, on-the-record press experience,
strong political instincts, and new media experience.
Candidates must thrive in a fast-moving, aggressive communications
environment; be team-oriented, nimble, creative and strategic; and have a
positive, can-do attitude.
This position provides an opportunity to work for a highly engaged, energetic
Member of Congress and who has a successful record of improving the lives
of women, children, seniors and fighting for the middle-class. Equal
opportunity employer. Salary commensurate with experience. Hill experience
and Spanish literacy is a positive. Please send resume and to:
FL23Resume@mail.house.gov. NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE.

MEM-361-16

A Western Republican member of Congress seeks a Legislative Assistant for
his Washington, D.C. office. The Assistant’s primary areas of focus are
Armed Services and Veteran’s Affairs. Additional assignments may include
Foreign Affairs and Space/Aerospace. For the assigned subject matter, the
Assistant is expected to:
• Support the Representative’s legislative priorities through legislative
research, the drafting of legislation, acting as the liaison to the relevant
committees, work with the Congressional Research Service, and identifying
strategies to advance those legislative priorities;
Page 2 of 5

• Prepare the member for committee hearings, staff those hearings and
monitor/report to the Representative at times when he is unable to attend the
meeting;
• Assist the Representative in preparing for interviews, meetings with
constituents and interest groups, as well as note taking at such meetings and
follow up action items;
• Draft answers or prepare outlines of responses to constituent mail;
• Draft speeches, statements and correspondence with the appropriate
executive agencies for review by the Legislative Director, Chief of Staff, and
the Representative;
• Develop and justify co-sponsorship and vote recommendations for review
by the Legislative Director and Chief of Staff and for consideration by the
Representative for bills in committee, mark up and on the floor in assigned
areas of responsibility.
All interested applicants should send resume and cover letter to
WesternRepublicanJobs@gmail.com.
MEM-358-16

Senior Appropriations Democrat seeks candidates for the position of Press
Secretary for a fast-paced and highly engaged office. The successful
candidate will have excellent written and verbal skills, the proven ability to
manage multiple communications projects, and the ability to exercise
discretion and independent judgment in the representation of the Member’s
position on policy issues. S/he will be responsible for coordinating with the
legislative team to develop, manage and organize all communications
activities, including writing press releases, op-eds, mail pieces, talking points,
organizing press events, maintaining the official website, implementing social
media strategy, maintaining press database, writing e-newsletters &
coordinating Tele-town halls. Duties will also include briefing the Member
for interviews, writing and implementing PSAs, interacting with the press as
the Member’s principal spokesperson and coordinating the Member’s overall
press relations. The ideal candidate will have Hill experience, a depth of
legislative and policy knowledge including that of the appropriations process,
and Ohio connections of benefit. Candidates must be able to work extended
hours, under time pressure, and in a strongly collaborative office, while
maintaining a positive attitude and demeanor. Please submit resume, cover
letter, two writing samples, and salary requirements to
Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov within the subject line. No walk-ins or
phone calls.

MEM-352-16

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the primary
investigative committee of the U.S. House of Representatives. Rep. Elijah E.
Cummings, the Ranking Member, is seeking an Investigative Counsel to join
the Democratic staff to participate in all matters under the Committee’s
jurisdiction, including investigations, hearings, depositions, tran¬scribed
interviews, and briefings. The ideal candidate will be an attorney with 2-5
years of investigative or litigation experience. Candidates must have superior
Page 3 of 5

attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Please send a
resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Investigative
Counsel” in the subject line.
MEM-351-16

NYC Member of Congress seeks Community Coordinator for the Lower
East Side of Manhattan. Individual will develop strategies to increase
outreach to LES and represent the office at public meetings. Ideal candidate
should have strong knowledge of LES community. Excellent verbal/written
communication skills a plus. E-mail resume to: ny20515@yahoo.com.

MEM-350-16

Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Small Business seeks a
professional staff member to handle matters including but not limited to
agency oversight, procurement, financial services, health, and/or technology.
Previous legislative experience is not necessary but preferred. The candidate
must possess superior writing and analytic abilities, including strong
organizational and interpersonal skills. Primary responsibilities include
hearing preparation and legislative development. To apply, please email cover
letter and resume to vacancy_employment@yahoo.com. No phone calls or
drop-ins please.

MEM-347-16

Senior California Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant for Washington, D.C.
office. Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering the telephone,
scheduling tours and responding to constituent requests for general
information and other inquiries. This position also monitors delivery and
pickup of materials, maintains the front office, and assists with various
administrative duties. The Staff Assistant must maintain a good relationship
with the Member, staff and constituents, accept performance based criticism
and direction, and work well under pressure. The applicant must be prepared
to work a flexible schedule. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Previous Hill experience preferred but not required. Please send cover letter
and resume to castaffassistant1996@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins
please.

MEM-333-16

Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) is seeking applicants for a District
Director. The District Director will oversee management and operation of
two District offices, serve as a key liaison to local organizations and elected
officials, and develop and implement long-term strategic plans. Qualified
candidates will demonstrate significant management experience, strong oral
and written communications skills , self-motivation and outreach experience
to local and state organizations. In addition, qualified candidates with have
prior experience in coalition building, a thorough understanding of the federal
legislative process and in-depth knowledge of Southern CA. The position
requires the ability to multi-task, work well under pressure and the flexibility
to work long hours, including nights and weekends. Ties to California’s 36th
Page 4 of 5

Congressional District are preferred and the position is based in Palm Desert,
CA.
To apply for the District Director position, please send cover letter and
resume to CA36DistrictDirectorposition@mail.house.gov with “District
Director” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with experience. This is
NOT an entry-level position. No phone calls, drop-ins or faxes.
The office is an equal opportunity employer.

Page 5 of 5

