________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 26, 2022

MEM-476-22

The House Armed Services Committee (HASC) Front Office is seeking to fill a
clerk vacancy. The Front Office clerk position is a non-partisan position that
supports both the majority and minority in the effort to support members of the
Armed Forces.
The successful applicant must have a positive attitude and a genuine desire to
serve the men and women in uniform. Applicants must possess strong
communication, organizational, and writing skills. Customer service skills are a
plus.
This is an excellent entry level opportunity for someone considering a career in
national security and government.
Job Requirements include:
•Able to operate in a non-partisan manner to perform essential duties
•Filing reporting requirements from the Department of Defense, State
Department, and other relevant agencies
•Maintaining conference and hearing room schedules
•Setting up conference/hearing room spaces for briefings and hearings
•Assist with administrative duties including sorting mail, maintaining staff
rosters, and other operational duties as assigned by Office Manager, Operations
Manager, and/or Personnel Administrator

Page 1 of 10

Application instructions: Applicants should submit a cover letter and resume in a
single pdf to Hayden.Ehlich@mail.house.gov with "FO Clerk - Last Name, First
Name" in the subject line. If interested, please send the required information by
5pm EST on Friday, October 7, 2022. No phone calls please.
MEM-472-22

Rep. A. Donald McEachin (VA-04) seeks D.C. office Staff Assistant/Driver.
Duties include driving the Congressman in D.C., helping to manage the front
office, answering phones, greeting visitors, processing flag and tour requests,
assisting with constituent mail responses, managing the office intern program,
and performing other tasks as assigned. The ideal candidate will be energetic,
organized, flexible, and efficient, with strong interpersonal skills and a good
sense of humor. Access to a car is not required. Ability to work late nights when
necessary is a must. Capitol Hill experience and Virginia ties preferred but not
required. Starting salary for this position is $55,000.
To apply, please send your resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample in a
single PDF document to McEachin.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant”
in the subject line. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. No calls or dropbys, please. Equal opportunity employer.

MEM-471-22

Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger’s office seeks a Staff/Digital Assistant in our district
office in Timonium, MD.
The ideal candidate is an organized, empathetic, self-starter with excellent
interpersonal communication and time management skills.
This is a utility position that is responsible for managing all administrative duties,
such as, answering phones, drafting letters, processing vouchers, invoices, and
staff reimbursements, preparing congressional citations, processing mail, and
other duties as needs arise. The Digital Assistant portion of the position would
require you to manage our website, coordinate all social media (Twitter,
Instagram and YouTube), and assist our Director of Communications as needed.
Access to a vehicle is required, as driving the Congressman on evenings and
weekends is sometimes needed.
The starting salary for this position is 45k base pay with an annual bonus
structure. We offer a tuition reimbursement program that is a 10k a year benefit
for eligible candidates. We earn 12 paid sick days and 15 vacations days each the
first year, with one additional day every year after.
Qualified applicant must possess excellent written and oral communication skills,
attention to detail, professionalism, an ability to work collaboratively, and
flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects. This position provides an
opportunity to be part of a dedicated, compassionate team that is committed to
providing exceptional constituent service.
Page 2 of 10

Interested candidates should submit their resume
to jasmine.ginn@mail.house.gov.
MEM-470-22

Press Secretary/Digital Director
The Office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson seeks an experienced,
creative, and tech-savvy press secretary/digital director to join our
communications team.
Responsibilities will include:
•Managing the member’s social media accounts, official website, media lists,
newsletters, mailers, advertisements, communications schedule, and other
resources
•Compiling daily press clips, creating communications briefings, monitoring
analytic data
•Assisting in the development of materials intended for the media, such as press
releases, talking points, newsletters, pitches, media kits, and weekly reports
•Creating graphics, editing photos, and videos
•Planning and staffing virtual, DC- and district-based events such as press
conferences, tele-townhalls, and roundtables.
•Building relationships with local and national reporters
•Maximizing the member’s visibility through digital solutions and advertising
•Pitching innovative strategies to expand the Congresswoman’s reach on social
media and elsewhere
•Photographing the Congresswoman at press conferences and other events
•Managing press interns and fellows
The press secretary/digital director will work closely with the communications
director to implement an ambitious communications strategy. Candidates should
have strong writing and creative skills, strong editing and proofreading skills, and
work well under pressure.
The ideal candidate will have at least one year or one federal campaign cycle of
communications experience, including digital strategy, social media management,
content creation, editing of graphics, photos, and videos using multimedia
software including Adobe Creative Cloud. Experience with Facebook business
manager, Google Ads, and digital analytics is a preferred!
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and with Florida ties are highly encouraged
to apply. Fluency in Spanish or Kreyòl is a plus.
Please submit your resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and digital samples
to FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Press Secretary/Digital
Director” in the subject line.

MEM-469-22

The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director.

Page 3 of 10

The LD will help drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing
and implementing the strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals;
supervise and mentor the legislative staff while advising on the
Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own legislative
portfolio, which will include work on the Black Maternal Health Caucus.
The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior
leadership team to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall
operations. The LD will also help ensure coordination between DC and district
offices on important legislative updates and district-based events and projects.
This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill experience and knowledge of
the legislative process are required. The successful applicant will have crisp and
thorough written and oral communications skills, an entrepreneurial and self
starting attitude, strong attention to detail, creativity, and be a team player.
Supervisory experience and expertise on healthcare policy is strongly preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples (no more than two pages) to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov. Candidates
from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or other underrepresented communities
are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with North Carolina ties.
Due to the volume of applications we receive, we will only contact you if we
decide to move forward with your application.
Please no calls, direct emails, or walk-ins. Application deadline is 8pm ET on
Friday, September 30, 2022.
MEM-466-22

Congressmember Judy Chu (CA-27) seeks an experienced, highly motivated,
hard-working Communications Director for her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing all aspects of the Congressmember’s
communications, including writing speeches and press releases, working closely
with legislative and district staff to effectively communicate the Member’s
message, handling daily media inquiries, maintaining relationships with national
and local reporters, pitching op-eds, managing the website, producing videos and
social media content, planning and pitching press events, overseeing daily clips,
and keeping press lists up-to-date.
This position will also work closely with the Executive Director of the
Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC) to manage the Caucus’s
press operations. Ideal applicants will have Hill press experience, strong writing

Page 4 of 10

and oral communication skills, the ability to multitask and prioritize under
pressure, and a great sense of humor.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Consistent with applicable law,
this office requires all staff and interns to complete a full SARS-CoV2
vaccination course, regardless of recovery from prior coronavirus illness, as a
condition of employment.
The salary range begins at $80,000 and is commensurate with experience. The
office offers federal student loan repayment, paid vacation, and paid sick leave, in
addition to retirement and health care benefits.
To apply, please email a cover letter, resume, and a writing sample as one
combined PDF to ca27jobs@gmail.com and list “Communications Director” in
the subject line.
The deadline to apply is Friday, September 23rd. Interviews will be conducted on
a rolling basis as applications are submitted.
MEM-465-22

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $47,093 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

Page 5 of 10

MEM-462-22

The Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC) seeks a Policy
Advisor to manage the Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing
effective legislative strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing
the Caucus as point of contact on all policy engagements, working with
Members’ staff to advance legislative proposals, developing materials to support
the goals and mission of the Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally
within the House of Representatives and externally to the public.
The Policy Advisor’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CAPAC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CAPAC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CAPAC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CAPAC policy liaisons
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CAPAC’s policy priorities
and familiarity working with the Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific
Islander community. Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound
political judgment, and the ability to work closely and collaboratively with
multiple Member offices and key stakeholders are essential.
Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability to multitask, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player. This is not an
entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of
House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to congressional.apa.caucus@gmail.com. No walk-ins or calls please.

MEM-461-22

LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR
Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (D-IL), a member of the House Permanent
Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Oversight Committee (Chairman
of the Subcommittee on Economic and Consumer Policy and Member of the
Coronavirus Subcommittee) seeks a hardworking Legislative Director to oversee
his policy team and legislative agenda.

Page 6 of 10

This is not an entry-level position and previous policy and Capitol Hill
experience is required. The person in this role will also have a legislative
portfolio of domestic policy issues, including workforce development, tax,
finance, small business, and labor.
Required Experience and Qualifications
•Works quickly under pressure and manages time efficiently
•Is creative and has an entrepreneurial spirit
•Possesses strong written and verbal communications skills
•5+ years of congressional, policy, or political experience (Capitol Hill
experience strongly preferred)
•Policy experience in domestic policy issues a plus
•Knowledge of or ties to Illinois a plus
Responsibilities
•Develop a legislative strategy in close consultation with the Member and Chief
of Staff
•Manages a legislative team of 4-5 staff
•Works closely with the communications team and helps influence the successful
messaging of legislative issues
•Coordinates the preparation of legislative and policy memos, hearings, and
Town Halls
•Handles a portfolio of legislative issues, which may be tailored to the
candidate’s expertise
•Occasionally assists with the creation and execution of events in the District and
in DC
•Regularly monitors activity on the House Floor and the Member’s committees
•Builds relationships with district and national stakeholders and advocacy
organizations
•Takes constituent and advocacy group meetings as necessary
TO APPLY: Email a cover letter and resume to il08careers@gmail.com with the
subline, “Legislative Director: [Your Full Name]”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to
apply.
MEM-457-22

A conservative Member of the Republican Conference on an “A” committee
seeks a Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant.
The Legislative Correspondent will work with the Legislative Director to draft
responses to constituent inquiries while assisting senior staff with various
projects. This position will also be responsible for managing content for social

Page 7 of 10

media channels, tracking and analyzing daily press clips and weekly social media
traffic, and other communications-centric duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, creative, and have an interest in
legislative issues and communications as well as a strong work ethic. Excellent
writing skills are a must, and a writing test will be required as part of the
application process. This is an excellent opportunity for a current or former
Congressional intern, or a current or former Staff Assistant interested in getting
additional exposure to legislative and communications paths within a
Congressional office.
Capitol Hill experience and Tennessee ties are strongly preferred.
Interested applicants should submit their resume with the subject line “Legislative
Correspondent/Press Assistant—First Name, Last Name”
to tn06jobs@mail.house.gov
MEM-456-22

A conservative Member of the Republican Conference on an “A” committee
seeks a Staff Assistant with strong writing skills.
The Staff Assistant will serve as the first point of contact for the office,
coordinate constituent arrangements including tours and flag requests, and assist
the Director of Operations and office staff with the daily responsibilities and
duties of a Congressional office.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, creative, possess a strong willingness
and desire to learn and grow, and have an interest in legislative issues and a
strong work ethic.
Capitol Hill experience and Tennessee ties are strongly preferred.
Interested applicants should submit their resume with the subject line “Staff
Assistant—First Name, Last Name” to tn06jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-455-22

Southern California Democratic Office seeks Staff Assistant to join front office
team.
Candidates should be well-organized, hard-working, and detail-oriented. High
degree of professionalism required, as well as an ability to work a flexible
schedule, including long hours. Duties include answering telephone calls,
greeting visitors, supervising interns, assisting legislative staff, and driving the
Member.
Capitol Hill experience and California ties preferred. Spanish language skills a
plus. MUST have a reliable and safe vehicle and driving record.

Page 8 of 10

Email cover letter, resume, and references
to: ryan.viessman@mail.house.gov with subject heading "Staff Assistant
Position."
Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-452-22

The Office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks a Congressional Aide
ABOUT US: Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks a highly motivated fulltime Congressional Aide for the district office in Las Vegas Nevada.
THE OPPORTUNITY: This position acts as a liaison to federal, state, and local
municipal agencies on behalf of the Congresswoman and constituents. The
position can also entail casework correspondence and verbal communications.
The ideal candidate is mission-driven, passionate, and excited about serving the
people of Nevada's 1st Congressional District. This person must deeply
understand the landscape of the district, its critical stakeholders and be able to act
as the Congresswoman’s representative. Portfolios and areas of focus may change
depending on the candidate.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman in the Las Vegas office,
which can include but is not limited to answering casework correspondence,
meeting with constituents and stakeholders, and serving as a liaison with federal,
state, and local municipal agencies.
•Informs the District Director and the Director of Constituent Services of all
happenings in the assigned regions by screening district media sources and
interacting with constituents and community organizations.
•Has a deep understanding of casework issues and can administer effective
intergovernmental solutions.
•Assesses casework for problems that require legislative action and makes
recommendations.
•Prepares periodic reports for the District Director and Director of Constituent
Services on pending cases and district activities.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
•Thorough knowledge of Southern Nevada.
•A valid driver’s license, reliable transportation and appropriate automobile
insurance.
•Service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills, proficiency at prioritizing
and managing multiple projects at one time
•A capacity to work both independently and as part of a team
•Thorough knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments.
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
Page 9 of 10

pleasant, and professional manner.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
•Prior experience in government, the non-profit sector, community or grassroots
organizing is preferred
•Spanish language fluency, orally and written, a plus.
COMPENSATION:
This is a salary position and comes with a competitive benefits package that
includes health insurance, dental, and can include federal student loan payments.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. Constituents
of the district or those deeply familiar will also be prioritized. No phone calls,
faxes, or walk-ins, please.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume
to NV01resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: [First Name Last
Name] - District Representative

Page 10 of 10

