________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 28, 2023

MEM-455-23

The Majority Staff of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure
is seeking a Committee Deputy Clerk.
This is position requires attention to detail, strong time management and
organization skills, and discretion and confidentiality in handling committee
matters.
The ideal candidate will have a minimum of two years previous Congressional
experience, knowledge of Congressional administrative rules and procedures, the
ability to manage multiple tasks and projects, work well under pressure, have
strong oral and written communication skills, and the ability to exercise
discretion and independent judgment.
Core Responsibilities Include:
•Tracking documents and ensuring that items adhere to the in-house style guide.
•Organizing and preparing for meetings and Committee events, including
gathering documents and attending to logistics.
•Proof-reading content to ensure for accuracy including spelling, grammar, and
punctuation.
•Assisting in maintaining Committee official records.
•Aiding the Committee counsels in organizing and documenting Committee
markups.
•Ensuring that all Committee activities run smoothly and according to Committee
Page 1 of 24

operational procedure.
•Assisting as the non-partisan Committee Clerk with Committee activities as
additional reading clerk and tally clerk when required.
•Assisting in the preparation and filing of Committee legislative reports.
•Providing administrative support to Committee staff as required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. The Committee is committed to, and
benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged
to apply.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter
to tirepresumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line, Full Committee Deputy
Clerk – Majority Office.
MEM-454-23

The Majority Staff of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure seeks
candidates for the position of Operations Manager.
This position reports directly to the Director of Operations and Administration
and would assist them in ensuring operational support for committee activity as
well as administrative support for the office.
Responsibilities include providing executive support to the Staff Director,
assisting in scheduling and support of external events held in committee hearing
rooms, tracking long-term requests to CAO and AOC, maintaining adequate
stock of office supplies and equipment, serving as internship program
coordinator, providing operational support to official committee activity, and
coordinating staff assistants to ensure administrative support for full committee
staff.
Candidates for this position should have demonstrated experience in highpressure work environments and at least one year of full-time experience on
Capitol Hill in an operations role.
Interested candidates should send a resume to tiresumes22@gmail.com.

MEM-453-23

The Majority Staff of the House Committee on Transportation & Infrastructure is
seeking candidates for the position of Research Assistant on the Subcommittee
on Water Resources and Environment.
Major pieces of legislation in the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction include the Clean
Water Act and Water Resource Development Acts, among others. The position
includes both administrative and policy research responsibilities to support
Subcommittee members and staff.
Responsibilities include conducting legislative research, drafting legislative
memoranda, assisting with oversight activities, compiling materials for Members
Page 2 of 24

and staff for use during Committee activity, maintaining legislative trackers, and
other responsibilities as assigned.
This is not an entry level position, and the ideal candidate will have 1 to 3 years
of demonstrated ability to conduct policy research and manage administrative
duties. Additionally, the ideal candidate will be an organized, proactive,
motivated self-starter.
Enthusiasm for and some knowledge of Subcommittee issue areas is a plus and/or
ability to learn issues quickly. Superior organizational skills, superior written and
oral communications skills, the ability to work both independently and as part of
a team, and attention to detail are critical.
Interested candidates should send a resume to tiresumes22@gmail.com.
MEM-452-23

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) is looking for a dynamic,
full-time Community Representative for her San Diego office.
Primary responsibilities include overseeing a community outreach and federal
casework portfolio on behalf of the Office to ensure Congresswoman Jacobs can
stay connected and responsive to her constituents.
This individual would serve as the Office’s liaison to San Diego’s Asian
American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander (AANHPI) communities;
Indigenous communities; and cover issue areas, including health care and
housing – though final decisions on portfolio assignments will depend on
experience and interest.
The ideal candidate will have strong San Diego ties and experience working with
diverse communities; exceptional communication, organizational, and writing
skills; and a genuine desire to serve constituents contacting Congresswoman
Jacobs for assistance. Multilingual and previous customer service skills are a
plus.
This is not a 9-5 position and will include evenings and weekend events and
meetings.
Application instructions: Applicants should submit a letter of interest, résumé,
and a list of at least three professional references by email to the District Director,
Paola Guzman, at SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Community
Representative - [Last Name]” in the subject line. Application materials are due
by 5pm PT on Friday, September 8, 2023; applicants selected to move on to the
next round will be contacted shortly thereafter. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The Office of Congresswoman Jacobs is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,

Page 3 of 24

gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status.
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
Page 4 of 24

•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.
MEM-450-23

SCHEDULER - Congressman Jerrold Nadler, Ranking Member of the House
Judiciary Committee, seeks Scheduler to manage Member’s daily and long-term
DC schedule, including coordinating with Committee staff on hearings, meetings,
and markups, organizing and tracking invitations, speaking engagements and
scheduling requests for the Member, assisting in coordinating travel arrangements
and keeping Member on schedule throughout day.
Duties also include managing the intern program, maintaining the DC office, and
processing flag requests and White House tour requests. Candidates must be
highly organized, attentive to detail, and capable of thriving in a fast-paced and
rapidly changing environment. Previous scheduling/office management
experience, including a strong background in Outlook scheduling functions, is a
plus. Ranking Member Nadler is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff,
and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
To apply send a resume and cover letter to NY12.JOB@mail.house.gov.

MEM-449-23

STAFF ASSISTANT —Representative Anna G. Eshoo (D-CA-16) seeks a Staff
Assistant to serve in her Washington, D.C. office.

Page 5 of 24

Daily tasks include:
•Answering telephones;
•Greeting visitors;
•Processing flag and tour requests;
•Drafting correspondence;
•Driving the Member; and
•Serving as Intern Coordinator.
Candidates should be detail-oriented professionals with strong organizational
skills and writing abilities, have a positive attitude, take pride in their work
product, and thrive in a fast-paced environment. Applicants must also have a car
and a valid driver’s license.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume
to CA16Resumes@gmail.com no later than September 1, 2023. No phone calls or
walk-ins, please.
MEM-448-23

Professional Staff Member: The House Armed Services Committee Democrats
are seeking a Professional Staff Member for the Military Personnel
Subcommittee.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, advising Members of Congress on
military justice and other military personnel policy matters, evaluating budget
requests and legislative proposals, preparing for committee hearings and
briefings, and developing and drafting proposal for inclusion in the annual
National Defense Authorization Act.
The Military Personnel Subcommittee jurisdiction includes: policy and programs
and accounts related to military personnel and their families, Reserve Component
integration and employment, military health care, military education, dependent
schools, POW/MIA issues, Morale, Welfare and Recreation, commissaries,
cemeteries under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense, the Uniform
Code of Military Justice, military retirement issues, and the civilian and contract
workforce.
This is not an entry level position. Candidates with a law degree and experience
with the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) are strongly preferred. The
Committee is an is an Equal Opportunity Employer and strongly values the
diversity of its employees. A successful candidate will be required to obtain and
maintain a security clearance.

Page 6 of 24

Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references,
to hasc.dememployment@mail.house.gov with the subject line: “Full Name –
PSM – Military Personnel.” We will accept applications until the position is
filled.
MEM-447-23

Pennsylvania Republican is seeking a Press Assistant in the Washington, D.C.
office.
The Press Assistant will report directly to the Communications Director. The
ideal candidate should be hardworking, able to juggle multiple projects at once,
and demonstrate a proficiency in writing, editing, and digital/social media content
creation. Pennsylvania ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include:
•Assisting the Communications Director in drafting and editing written materials
such as the press releases, statements, Floor speeches, op-eds, and e-mailers
•Managing the Member’s social media pages and drafting content for those
platforms
•Updating the Member’s official website
•Working with the Communications Director to execute short and long-term
communications strategies.
To apply, email cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to PaPressAssistantJob@gmail.com.

MEM-446-23

Military Legislative Assistant
Office of Congressman Frank J. Mrvan
Summary:
The Military Legislative Assistant (MLA) is responsible in the personal office for
managing the Congressman’s responsibilities as a Member of the House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee
on Oversight and Investigations. The MLA is also responsible for legislative
issues related to national security, foreign affairs, and other assigned issue areas,
including the drafting of prep material, constituent correspondence, and meeting
with constituent and special interest groups under these issue areas on behalf of
the Member.
Candidate must be highly dependable, detail-focused, value responsiveness to
constituents, and have superior organizational and writing skills. Knowledge of
the legislative process and Indiana ties are a plus. Minority and veteran
candidates are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to Kevin.Spicer@mail.house.gov with “Military Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.
Page 7 of 24

Essential Job Functions:
•In a timely fashion, completes research and draft responses to constituents letters
on federal matters;
•Formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas including deceiving
legislative plans, drafting the plan into legislative form, coordinating the support
and advancement of the plan with personal office, Committee office, other
Member offices and outside stakeholders.
•Tracks legislation and other developments in his or her assigned issue areas and
briefs the Member for floor work, committee work, and work in the district,
•Plans and coordinates co-sponsorship and support of other legislation
recommendations in coordination with the Legislative Director;
•Monitors legislation on the House floor and makes vote recommendations in
coordination with the Legislative Director;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff and
constituents;
•Accepts performance based criticism and direction;
•Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Skills and Knowledge Required:
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Ability to perform essential job functions above;
•Professional telephone manner;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures; and
•Knowledge of office computer applications.
MEM-445-23

Rep. Jonathan L. Jackson/Press Assistant/Digital Specialist:
Background:
The Office of U.S. Representative Jonathan L. Jackson (D-IL-01) has an
immediate need to hire an experienced full-time Press Assistant/Digital Specialist
in the Washington, D.C., office. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a
cover letter, a writing sample, a list of three references, and a resume by
Thursday, August 31, 2023. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.
Job Expectations:
The Press Assistant/Digital Specialist develops media advisories, press releases,
speeches, talking points, op-eds, digital content, and other materials for the
Member. The Press Assistant/Digital Specialist also responds to inquiries from
the local and national media for background purposes and to provide official
statements from the Member. This position also assists the Communications
Director with development and implementation of the Member’s communications
and media strategy.
Page 8 of 24

Salary Level/Range: $50,000 to $60,000
Job Duties:
•Works with key staff to develop and implement a comprehensive
communications and media strategy that promotes the Member’s policies and
priorities
•Manages all social media channels and web content to ensure all platforms are
adequately maintained and up to date
•Drafts news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds, and other materials
•Stays informed on the current issues impacting the Member and their district and
anticipates any inquiries from the press
•Monitors news to determine how the Member and their agenda is portrayed by
the media
•Prepares the Member for all interviews, including TV, radio, print, and other
public appearances
•Builds relationships with local and national reporters to book the member for
media spots
•Oversees the creation of the Member’s newsletters and questionnaires to ensure
materials are distributed as planned
Requirements:
•Works with key staff to develop and implement a comprehensive
communications and media strategy that promotes the Member’s policies and
priorities
•Manages all social media channels and web content to ensure all platforms are
adequately maintained and up to date
•Drafts news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds, and other materials
•Stays informed on the current issues impacting the Member and their district and
anticipates any inquiries from the press
•Monitors news to determine how the Member and their agenda is portrayed by
the media
•Prepares the Member for all interviews, including TV, radio, print, and other
public appearances
•Builds relationships with local and national reporters to book the member for
media spots
•Oversees the creation of the Member’s newsletters and questionnaires to ensure
materials are distributed as planned
Requirements:
•Experience producing communications for social media and evaluating message
effectiveness
•Able to manage varying priorities and balance multiple deadlines
•Able to work in a fast-paced environment under tight timelines
•Experience managing relationships with members of the media
•Experience developing a communications strategy for a Member of Congress, or
a public, private, or non-profit organization
Page 9 of 24

•Strong written and verbal communication skills
•Ability to develop and apply creative solutions to enhance messaging strategies
•Attention to detail
Preferences:
•Bachelor’s degree in communications, marketing, government, political science,
public policy, or related field
•Journalism experience is preferred
•Strong written skills
•1-3 years of Capitol Hill experience (this is not an entry-level position)
•Expertise with Canva
•A demonstrated interest in public service
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, a writing
sample, a list of three references, and a resume by Thursday, August 31, 2023, to
LaTreshia Hamilton at LaTreshia.Hamilton01@mail.house.gov. Incomplete
applications will not be considered.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-444-23

Ranking Member Zoe Lofgren of the House Committee on Science, Space, and
Technology seeks to fill Professional Staff Member position on the Committee.
Duties include oversight of the Department of Energy (DOE) and other agencies
within the Committee’s jurisdiction, outreach to stakeholder groups, researching
and drafting legislation, staffing hearings, and preparing memoranda, statements,
and speeches for Democratic Members. Applicants should have experience in at
least one or both of the following subject matter areas: 1) science and energy
research and technology development activities carried out by DOE, 2) energy
and related environmental policy.
All applicants should possess strong writing, organizational, and communication
skills; the capacity to articulate technical and policy issues clearly and concisely;
and the ability to meet tight deadlines. The ideal candidate will have significant
Capitol Hill or relevant government or industry experience. An advanced degree
or technical background is a plus, but not required.
Please send a cover letter and resume to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This not
an entry-level position.

MEM-443-23

Representative Elissa Slotkin is seeking a full-time Special Assistant for her
Lansing, Michigan office.
Page 10 of 24

The Special Assistant will report to the District Director.
Interested candidates should submit a resume with two professional references, a
cover letter, and one writing sample of 1,000 words to
“jobs.mi07@mail.house.gov”.
Responsibilities of the Role:
•Managing all Michigan scheduling for Representative Slotkin, coordinating
closely with the Washington, DC-based Director of Operations;
•Staffing Representative Slotkin as appropriate;
•Assisting the District Office leadership team with general office management
and special projects;
•Representing the Office of Representative Slotkin at some community events in
the Lansing area;
•Additional projects as assigned by the District Office leadership team.
Candidate Qualifications:
Candidates should be college graduates and have a strong desire to learn how
Congress works by joining a dynamic office. Ideal candidates are:
•Experienced in scheduling and/or directly supporting a senior leader;
•Hardworking and detail-oriented self-starters;
•Team players, able to work both collaboratively and individually;
•Excellent oral and written communicators;
•Able to produce high quality work in a fast-paced environment under tight
deadlines;
•Enthusiastic, collegial, and professional.
The Office of U.S. Representative Elissa Slotkin is an equal opportunity
employer. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-442-23

Southern California Democrat is seeking applicants for a Chief of Staff based in
Washington DC.
The Chief of Staff will work with the Member to determine the overall strategies
of the office. This includes, but is not limited to, formulating policy positions,
overseeing the office’s legislative and media relations strategies, and
collaborating with District staff on important local outreach and communication
efforts. In addition, the Chief of Staff will provide leadership and guidance to
structure the office to provide outstanding constituent relations.
The Chief of Staff will also oversee all recruiting and hiring efforts, the
establishment of office policies and procedures, and perform other critical
functions to support legislative and administrative operations and advocacies.

Page 11 of 24

Finally, the Chief of Staff will have direct supervision over the Legislative
Director, Communications Director, District Director, and Scheduler.
The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under pressure and the
flexibility to work long hours, including nights and weekends. Strong managerial
skills, strategic thinking, mission driven passion, and ties to Southern California
are preferred.
To apply for the Chief of Staff position, please send cover letter and resume
to CARuizJobs@mail.house.gov (mailto:CARuizJobs@mail.house.gov) with
“Chief of Staff” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with experience.
This is NOT an entry-level position.
No phone calls, drop-ins or faxes.
MEM-439-23

The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Budget is seeking a highly
experienced, motivated, and creative Communications Director to lead its fastpaced communications shop. Strong relationships with national press, producers
and bookers, and stakeholders, as well as meaningful management experience is
necessary. Prior knowledge of the budget and appropriations process is a plus.
This is not an entry-level position.
The individual selected will have exceptional writing and editing skills, a keen
attention to detail, and the ability to translate complex issues and topics for
various audiences across platforms and medias. The ideal candidate will have at
least 5 years of communications work experience including time on Capitol Hill,
with a non-profit, government agency, or in the private sector.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Develop strategic communications plans for the committee, leading the
communications team and working closely with the Ranking Member’s personal
office, committee professional staff, and across offices to implement successful
media strategies to roll out reports, commentary, legislation, send letters, and
make other major announcements;
•Manage, mentor, and grow the Committee’s communications team, focusing on
staff professional development, skill building, and efficient workflows;
•Build and sustain strong relationships with local, national, and budget-specific
print, radio, and broadcast media (reporters, producers, editors, columnists, etc),
and remain ready to identify creative ways to pitch the Ranking Member and
garner media attention for Committee work;
•Lead the communications team in drafting messaging resources and toolkits on
committee work and accomplishments for Committee Members and the Caucus;
•Assist with planning and staffing D.C.- and district-based events related to
committee work, such as press conferences and roundtables;
Page 12 of 24

•Prepare, brief, and staff the Ranking Member for media interviews, press
conferences, roundtables, and other engagements;
•Draft and edit committee materials, talking points, speeches, press releases, opeds, and other materials as necessary; and
•Speak on background or on the record with reporters when necessary and act as
a media liaison for the Ranking Member.
REQUIREMENTS:
•Exceptionally strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
•Experience managing others and promoting professional development;
•Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media and how to
successfully create and leverage opportunities in each;
•Expertise in advising others on a communication strategy and ability to
collaborate well with issue experts and other coworkers;
•Strategic thinker, politically savvy, and ability to manage competing priorities
and develop solutions under tight deadlines;
•Ability to work well with others, willingness to take initiative, manage
competing priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines
are a must; and
•Works a flexible schedule, including long hours on nights and weekends.
This office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values
mentorship and professional development; we do not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity or
expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds, women, people of color, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter describing their fit for the role,
a resume, and three writing samples to budgetdemocrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with “[NAME] – HBC Communications
Director” in the subject line. Please apply no later than Friday, September 1,
2023. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-438-23

The Office of Congresswoman Katie Porter seeks a legislative correspondent to
respond to constituent inquiries, provide constituents with written updates on
policy developments, administer the office’s legislative systems and processes,
and develop original legislative and oversight work.
The ideal candidate will have at least two years of relevant professional
experience, a strong understanding of congressional processes and procedures,
and a sharp attention to detail. The salary for this position is $55,000 to $60,000.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
●Organize incoming and outgoing mail and communicate progress in responding
to messages through regular reports to the Member of Congress and staff.
Page 13 of 24

●Organize and distribute messages to legislative and district staff to complete
personal responses to individual constituents when appropriate.
●Draft and edit form letters to respond to constituent concerns and respond
personally to constituent messages when appropriate.
●Develop proactive correspondence to communicate policy developments to
constituents.
●Track all legislative requests and accomplishments and organize legislative
systems and processes.
●Take in person and virtual meetings with constituents and stakeholder groups.
●Support the office with drafting and editing memos, oversight letters, op-eds,
talking points, speeches, and legislation.
●Provide other legislative and administrative support and complete duties as
assigned by the Deputy Chief of Staff & Legislative Director and Chief of Staff.
Applications: To apply, send a resume and a short writing sample
to CA47.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Correspondent” in the
subject line. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, family status, military
status, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation.
MEM-436-23

Senior Republican Member of Congress seeks a dependable and energetic staff
assistant for the Washington, D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include answering phones, processing mail, meeting and
greeting visitors to the office, processing flag and tour requests, and supporting
staff with a variety of tasks, including driving the Member to appointments.
Ideal candidates must have excellent organizational, time management and
problem-solving skills. Must be comfortable working in a fast-paced environment
both independently and as part of a team. Pennsylvania ties and a sense of humor
are preferred, but not required.
Send resumes to Renee.Gamela@mail.house.gov with the subject line: PA Staff
Assistant. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-435-23

The Office of Congresswoman Barbara Lee - a senior progressive appropriator
and member of House leadership - seeks an experienced, highly-motivated
Senior Legislative Assistant.
The Senior LA will be responsible for handling the following issues areas and
caucuses, with some flexibility: LHHSED Approps Subcommittee and issues
(Health, Labor, Education), Ag Approps Subcommittee and issues,CAPAC
Health Task Force, Health Equity and Accountability Act, HIV Caucus, CBC
Domestic Health Task Force, Sickle Cell Caucus, Poverty Task Force

Page 14 of 24

The Senior Legislative Assistant will be responsible for jumping in to handle
Farm Bill priorities amid ongoing negotiations and will ideally overlap with the
outgoing Sr. Legislative Assistant for 1-2 weeks in late August/early September.
Responsibilities will include drafting and advancing legislative proposals,
preparing the Member for hearings and markups, meeting with stakeholders and
constituents, providing vote recommendations, and performing additional tasks as
assigned.
The best-qualified candidates will have experience in health policy and ideally
additional issue areas, Hill experience, strong writing and analytical skills, and
the ability to operate with grace and humor in a fast-paced environment. Other
advantages include experience in an Appropriator office, ties to California, and
advanced education. This is not an entry-level position.
Starting salary is $85,000 for Senior Legislative Assistants; prior experience as a
Legislative Assistant is required for the Senior title.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, one writing sample, and three
references to Lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Sr. Legislative Assistant –
[Last Name]” as the subject line.
This office is an equal-opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-433-23

Rep. Josh Gottheimer seeks qualified candidates for the position of Scheduler in
his DC office.
Ideal candidates will have:
•Experience in a Congressional office, on a political campaign, or in another fastpaced administrative environment, with a strong preference for past
Congressional experience.
•Excellent attention to detail, and strong organizational skills.
•Sound judgment.
•Strong communication skills.
•The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions.
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
•The ability to work flexible hours including weekends and evenings.
Responsibilities include:
•Maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term District schedule.
•Supporting the operations team across DC and District needs.
•Working with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between
Page 15 of 24

commitments.
•Working with the scheduling team to evaluate incoming requests and invitations.
•Working with the operations team to ensure that briefing materials are provided
for each event and meeting.
•Coordinating travel arrangements.
•Assisting with office management responsibilities, and performing other duties
as required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, and
LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Please send a resume and
cover letter with “Scheduler - Last Name” as the subject line
to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-424-23

Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant
to join her Washington, D.C.-based legislative team.
The Legislative Assistant will help implement the Member’s agenda within the
Appropriations Committee and across authorizing committees and manage a
portfolio including, but not limited to, health care, financial services,
transportation, and infrastructure issues.
This is not an entry-level position and sound policy judgement is required.
Candidate should have a strong track record of translating policy priorities into
successful legislative outcomes and developing proactive relationships with onand off-Hill stakeholders.
Candidate will be expected to frequently brief and staff the Member and
demonstrate strong verbal communication skills. Candidate should also be
coachable, responsive to feedback, and enjoy working in a team-first,
collaborative work environment. Candidate will work directly with the
Congresswoman, Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and intra- and interdepartmental peers to advance the Congresswoman’s authorizing and
appropriations priorities. Nevada ties are a plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF a resume, cover letter, writing sample of 1,000
words or fewer, and three references (including name, current title and
organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Assistant.”

Page 16 of 24

MEM-419-23

The Office of Congresswoman Summer Lee seeks a highly motivated digital
assistant to support the Communications Director in all aspects of the office’s
fast-paced and dynamic communications operation, including executing day to
day social media and rapid response, helping develop social media strategy,
designing social media and digital content for the Congresswoman, and media
monitoring. This role reports to the Communications Director. Progressive
values, creativity, and ability to respond rapidly are a must.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong sense of virality on social media; narrative voice
•Ability to perform rapid response based on breaking news, memes and trends
•Proven track record developing and executing multi-platform communications
and digital campaigns
•Writing, editing, and proofreading - especially social media posts
•Experience creating content using Adobe Suite (Illustrator, Photoshop and
Premiere or Premiere Rush) – or equivalent tools
•Strong organizational skills, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once;
•Knowledge of news cycle and current issues and events in which the
Congresswoman is involved;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Support implementation of digital communications and public relations
strategies for the Congresswoman;
•Compile daily press clips and stay informed about current events in the district
and across the country for their impact on the Congresswoman;
•Draft social media content and other written materials, and manage all of the
Congresswoman’s social media accounts (twitter, Instagram, FB, Tiktok)
•Develop branding guide, create graphics, film and edit photos and videos,
including clipping, captioning and branding;
•Manage the Congresswoman’s website and set up robust digital archives and
analytics trackers for the Congresswoman;
•Staff digital events and video recordings with the Congresswoman;
•Support with logistics for town halls, press conferences, and other public-facing
engagements, both virtual and in-person;
•Remain abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Congresswoman may be questioned;
•Support on administrative functions of the office as needed, such as constituent
calls and data entry;
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
•Work well under pressure, handle stress, and accept performance-based criticism
and direction;
•Work flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends, and perform
other duties as assigned.

Page 17 of 24

WORKING EXPECTATIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate;
•COVID-19 precautions and remote work expectations can be discussed during
the interview process - relatively flexible
•This role is based in Washington, D.C
COMPENSATION: commensurate with experience, along with a competitive
benefits package that includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan
payments (terms apply)
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Our office prioritizes building a diverse team committed to advocating for the
residents of PA-12. 1-3 years of digital, graphic design, press, organizing, or
advocacy experience is strongly recommended. Candidates from BIPOC,
LGBTQ+, working class, military, and/or other underrepresented communities
are strongly encouraged to apply. As a practice as an office we do not require any
pre-requisite degrees. Ties to Pennsylvania preferred, but not required.
HOW TO APPLY: Please submit your resume, cover letter expanding on how
your unique set of experiences suits you to excel in this role, 3 digital/creative
samples and 3 references to SummerLeeJobs@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Digital/Press Associate” Digital portfolios or websites also accepted for
creative samples.
MEM-405-23

Representative Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks a Legislative Assistant or Senior
Legislative Assistant for a policy portfolio that includes energy, environment,
and climate change issues. The policy portfolio includes his work on the House
Natural Resources Committee, and key priorities including climate action, clean
energy, spent nuclear fuel, and clean transportation. The portfolio will also
include other policy issues as needed.
This legislative staffer will work with the Legislative Director and Chief of Staff
to advance and execute the Congressman’s legislative agenda both on and off
committee. Responsibilities include staffing the Congressman at hearings and
markups; developing and analyzing legislation and policy; drafting remarks,
hearing questions, talking points, and memos; maintaining strong relationships
with constituent and stakeholder groups; drafting letters to stakeholders, the
Administration, and other Members; and staffing the Congressman in meetings
and at other events.
Candidates should have experience working on environment policy issues, strong
written and verbal communications skills, a knowledge of House legislative
processes, sound political judgment, and be a willing team member. State or
district ties and prior legislative experience in a House or Senate office are a plus.

Page 18 of 24

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and a list of
three references to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov with “Environment
Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. Please send all materials in one PDF
document. Incomplete applications will not be considered. Salary range is
$60,000-$75,000, commensurate with experience.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees
and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy
Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.
Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and
possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.

Page 19 of 24

This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-305-23

DPCC COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – The House Democratic Policy
and Communications Committee seeks an experienced Communications Director.
The Communications Director will work with the Executive Director to design
and execute strategies that advance the message priorities and values of House
Democrats; create messaging guidance, event suggestions, sample releases, and
other communications tools; help Democratic offices pitch stories, hold strong
local press events, and position Members in the media; and assist in bolstering
paid communications programs in Democratic offices.
The Communications Director is also expected to assist with the planning and
execution of regular DPCC message meetings and policy dinners; support DPCC
outreach initiatives; and assist with daily tasks and long-term planning. Spanish
language fluency and experience with constituency media is strongly preferred.
This is not an entry-level position; a strong background in communications on
Capitol Hill is required. DPCC is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex,
gender, LGBTQ+ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people
of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. DPCC
will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
To apply, please email jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF: 1. Cover letter; 2. Résumé;
3. Two writing samples, with one coming from work on Capitol Hill; and 4. Two
references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email,
and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not
contact these references without contacting you first).

MEM-300-23

Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-O4) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working,
skilled and experienced Legislative Director to help shape and manage a robust
legislative portfolio.
Congressman Horsford is a member of the Armed Services and Financial
Services Committees, Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, and an active
frontline member. Previous legislative experience on Capitol Hill is required, and
Nevada ties are a plus.
Page 20 of 24

Ideal candidates will have experience managing and mentoring staff, thinking
strategically and will possess a sophisticated understanding of the legislative
process, along with excellent writing, organizational and time management skills.
The ideal candidate will primarily be responsible for managing a legislative
portfolio that consists of healthcare, taxes, gun violence prevention, and other
issues.
Candidates should be creative, proactive and self-motivated, and have an ability
to operate effectively under pressure and work closely in a team atmosphere in
this fast-moving, dynamic office.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or parental
status. Women, people of color and LGBTQAI+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply, as are candidates with Nevada ties.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience, along with generous
benefits and professional development opportunities.
Interested candidates must include a cover letter, resume, two page max writing
sample and three professional references in a single PDF file.
Email submissions to the Director of Administration, Selena Harvey
at nv04resumes@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-LD-23_last name". No calls please. Individuals selected for an
interview will be contacted.
MEM-276-23

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Majority Staff
REPORTS TO: Majority Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance
and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with duties as assigned.
DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with full Committee hearings on matters within Subcommittee
jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Page 21 of 24

Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
•Reviewing the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and
other publications for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Majority agenda, briefing of Members, and development
of questions;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Drafting remarks for Chairman and suggested questions for hearings;
•Preparation of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee
Chairman on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staff
Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee staff, as needed.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
REQUIRED SKILLS:
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Attention to detail.
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
Page 22 of 24

of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and three writing
samples to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“DAMA Republican Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins,
please.
MEM-259-23

The office of a conservative, mid-western Member of Congress seeks a
Communications Assistant to work in the DC office and help develop and
execute an effective communications strategy.
The ideal candidate is:
•innovative, confident, and detail-oriented,
•a strong and effective verbal and written communicator,
•capable of consistently producing high-quality work product,
•able to effectively communicate with a variety of audiences using social media
and other platforms,
•willing to work long hours, including some time on weekends, and under tight
deadlines,
•able to react to unanticipated circumstances requiring fast and effective
response,
•interested in political and government topics and news from a variety of sources,
•committed to contributing to a team dynamic based on respect, collaboration,
and transparency.
Job responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•compiling and distributing daily press clips,
•producing content for social media and the official website,
•writing speeches, opinion editorials, talking points, press releases, and similar
content,
•preparing the Member for media opportunities and public appearances,
•photographing events, hearings, and other public functions,
•research to support communications activities,
•monitoring national, state, and local news for stories relevant for the office,
•assisting with all other communications-related tasks that are necessary to
execute a communications strategy.
This position is for someone early in their career with one to four years of
experience working in a professional setting with at least some exposure to
communications-related work.
Applicants must complete a writing sample as part of the interview process.

Page 23 of 24

Interested applicants should email CommsApplicants@gmail.com with:
•a cover letter,
•resume,
•at least three professional references, and
•any relevant work samples (e.g. - writing, video, creative)

Page 24 of 24

