________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 22, 2023

MEM-280-23

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Economic
Opportunity
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with other duties as assigned.
DUTIES:
• Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
• Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
• Assisting with Subcommittee hearings and full Committee hearings on matters
within Subcommittee jurisdiction;
• Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
• Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
• Assist in drafting legislation for the Subcommittee;
• Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings,
to include determination of Minority agenda, preparation of research and hearing
briefing memo, and development of questions;
Page 1 of 22

• Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
• Briefing subcommittee Members’ staff;
• Drafting remarks for the Chairman and suggested questions for hearings;
• Preparing memorandums for the full and subcommittee Chairman on matters
under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
• Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
• Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staff
Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee staff, as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
• Strong writing skills
• Proficiency in Microsoft Office
• Organizational skills
• Problem solving
• Strong verbal communication
• Team oriented
• Ability to work well under pressure
• Attention to detail
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send résumés and cover letter only to the following email address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “EO Republican Research
Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
What to Expect Next:
Your résumé and cover letter will be reviewed to determine if you are among the
top candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an
interview.
MEM-279-23

The House Democracy Partnership (HDP), a bipartisan commission of the House
of Representatives that works to strengthen democratic institutions in more than
20 partner countries around the world, is seeking a full-time, permanent Deputy
Director.
This is a senior-level position that requires substantial experience working in
foreign policy or international development in the U.S. government and/or at
non-governmental organizations, as well as significant experience in
communications. Experience serving on congressional committees or
commissions, familiarity with U.S.-funded democracy and governance programs,
and/or organizing executive-level training or international exchange programs is
strongly preferred.

Page 2 of 22

The Deputy Director will assume significant responsibility for the following
commission functions, with his/her final portfolio to be based on the successful
candidate’s knowledge, skills, and experience:
•Develop and drive a multi-channel communications strategy including preparing
all communications material, social media content, reports, speeches, and website
maintenance;
•Assist with implementation of all HDP programs, including outbound
congressional and staff delegations, U.S.-based training programs, ad hoc
technical assistance missions, and periodic assessments of current or prospective
partner countries;
•Participate directly in HDP programs as a member of outbound congressional
and staff delegations and an active participant in U.S.-based training programs;
•Conduct periodic evaluations of HDP’s programs and activities, and directing
other strategic planning activities as required;
•Advise HDP members on developments related to HDP partner countries and to
U.S. democracy and governance programs more broadly, including preparing
members for participation in congressional delegations and training programs;
•Assist with managing HDP’s relationships with internal stakeholders (including
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House Leadership, and other Members and
Committees) and external stakeholders (including the State Department, USAID,
NDI, IRI, and partner governments).
HDP is an independent congressional commission whose programs are supported
by the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, the U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID), and USAID’s implementing partners, the National
Democratic Institute (NDI) and International Republican Institute (IRI). Because
of this unique organizational structure, the Deputy Director serves as a
professional staff member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee (HFAC), with
offices and administrative support provided by both HFAC and the Committee on
House Administration. The Deputy Director reports directly to the Executive
Director and serves at the pleasure of the HDP Chairman. Likewise, the Deputy
Director works closely with the staff of the HDP Chairman and Ranking
Member, and with staff from NDI and IRI in the development and execution of
HDP programs. A highly collaborative attitude and an ability to manage complex
projects involving multiple stakeholders are thus essential qualifications for this
position.
The target start date for this position is July 5, 2023. Interested candidates should
submit a CV, cover letter, and three professional references to House Democracy
Partnership House_Democracy_Partnership@mail.house.gov. The House
Democracy Partnership office is located in the Cannon House Office Building,
and is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining an
inclusive and diverse work environment.

Page 3 of 22

MEM-277-23

Rep. Mike Kelly (PA-16) seeks a Legislative Assistant for his Washington, D.C.
office.
This position will primarily be responsible for managing the Congressman’s
agriculture, appropriations, energy, and natural resources priorities.
Responsibilities include advising the Congressman on all legislative areas within
their portfolio, monitoring floor debate, preparing vote recommendations, and
working closely with constituents and stakeholders on relevant district issues.
Ideal candidates will have a minimum of 1 year in a Congressional office.
Pennsylvania ties are preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to quinn.ritchie@mail.house.gov

MEM-276-23

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Majority Staff
REPORTS TO: Majority Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance
and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with duties as assigned.
DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with full Committee hearings on matters within Subcommittee
jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
•Reviewing the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and
other publications for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Majority agenda, briefing of Members, and development
of questions;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Drafting remarks for Chairman and suggested questions for hearings;
•Preparation of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee
Page 4 of 22

Chairman on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staff
Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee staff, as needed.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
REQUIRED SKILLS:
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Attention to detail.
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and three writing
samples to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“DAMA Republican Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins,
please.

Page 5 of 22

MEM-275-23

Rep. Josh Gottheimer seeks qualified candidates for the position of Director of
Operations and Scheduling in his DC office.
Ideal candidates will have:
•A Bachelor’s degree or related job experience.
•3-5 years of operations experience in a Congressional office, on a political
campaign, or in another fast-paced administrative environment.
•At least one year of management experience.
•Excellent attention to detail, and strong organizational skills.
•Sound judgment.
•Strong communication skills.
•Capacity to communicate with a wide variety of personalities in a tactful,
courteous, and professional manner.
•Willingness to accept direction and guidance on performance and process
improvements from the Chief of Staff and Member.
•The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions.
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
•The ability to work flexible hours including long hours, nights, and weekends.
Responsibilities include:
•Ability to perform each of the essential job functions set forth below.
•Serving as a member of the Congressman’s senior staff.
•Supervising the Scheduler and DC Staff Assistant including providing feedback
and conducting performance reviews.
•Knowledge of and adherence to office policies, procedures, and practices
•Managing the scheduling and operations process end to end with minimal direct
involvement from the Chief of Staff and other senior staff including:
•Working with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between
commitments.
•Working with the Scheduler to evaluate and schedule incoming requests and
invitations in DC and the District.
•Working with the operations team to ensure that briefing materials are provided
for each event and meeting and ensuring that staff have appropriate advance
notice of needs.
•Ensuring office policies are followed.
•Ensuring office supplies and routine office purchases are kept up to date.
•Ensuring travel arrangements are properly coordinated.
•Other duties as assigned.
This position reports to the Chief of Staff. The salary range is $80,000 $100,000, commensurate with experience.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status,
Page 6 of 22

parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis
prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require
reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes
are encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with
“Director of Operations and Scheduling - Last Name” as the subject line
to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-274-23

Rep. Josh Gottheimer seeks a dynamic New Jersey-based District Press
Secretary to help lead the communications team.
The position will manage and execute the communications and digital media
functions of the office including:
•Pitching and fielding a high volume of press requests
•Maintaining relationships with district media
•Managing local press events
•Writing press releases, op-eds, speeches, newsletters, and talking points
•Leading interview preparation and media relations efforts
•Managing all social media channels and web content
Ideal candidates will have:
•At least 2-3 years of experience working in political communications and/or
working in fast-paced media environments
•The ability to operate proactively and collaboratively
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
•The ability to work flexible hours including long hours, nights, and weekends.
The position reports to the Deputy Chief of Staff.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with
“Director of Operations and Scheduling - Last Name” as the subject line
to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov.

Page 7 of 22

MEM-273-23

Member Office Name/Job Title:
Scheduler/Executive Assistant for Rep. Brad Schneider
Background:
Rep. Brad Schneider is seeking to hire a full-time Scheduler/Executive Assistant
for the Washington, D.C. office. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a
resume, cover letter, and references by June 1st.
Job Expectations:
The Scheduler/Executive Assistant will be expected to work closely with the
Member, Chief of Staff and leadership team to oversee the office schedule,
coordinate the Member’s official schedule, arrange travel plans, and other related
duties. The Scheduler/Executive Assistant will also act as the Member’s liaison
with other Congressional offices, constituents, and other others, including
executives from the public, private, and non-profit sectors. As well, the
Scheduler/Executive Assistant will assist the Member and his team in other
executive support functions.
Salary Level/Range: Salary is commensurate with experience.
Job Duties:
•Has primary responsibility for coordinating and communicating the Member’s
schedule with the Member and other team members
•Schedules meetings and other official activities with committees, constituents,
other visitors, other Member offices, executive branch officials and agencies,
foreign dignitaries, etc.
•Works with the Member, Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of Staff, District Director,
Legislative Team and District Scheduler to determine and finalize the Member’s
daily schedule and manage briefing materials
•Oversees the work of the District Scheduler
•Briefs the Member on all scheduling activities of the Washington, D.C., and
district offices as needed
•Monitors and tracks the Member’s incoming telephone calls, manages messages,
and returns calls as requested
•Partners with the communications team and district office staff to schedule
media (print, radio and television) interviews
•Coordinates official travel arrangements
•Keeps irregular work hours, particularly when the Member is working in D.C.
•Other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Experience coordinating several scheduling activities with multiple parties
•Exceptional communications skills (oral and written)
•Able to manage irregular office work hours, particularly when member is in
D.C.
•Able to manage varying priorities and adapt to ever-changing situations
•Experience handling sensitive information and maintaining confidentiality
Page 8 of 22

•Adaptable and organized
•Exemplary time management, planning, and organizational skills.
•Strong decision-making skills and comfortable navigating challenging situations
•Detail-oriented and able to prioritize and manage multiple projects and staff.
•Experience managing official records within an office
Preferred, but not Required:
•Bachelor’s degree
•Scheduling experience beneficial but open to considering other work
backgrounds
•Prior relevant job experience
•A demonstrated interest in public service
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a cover letter, 2-3 references, and a resume
by June 1st to il10.jobs@mail.house.gov. The subject line should read
“Scheduler/Executive Assistant: [NAME]” Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis.
Notice:
The Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants are
encouraged to apply.
MEM-272-23

Digital Outreach Aide
Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a creative, driven, and graphically
minded communications professional who is enthusiastic to help grow the
Congressman’s social-media presence and online outreach working out of the
Washington, D.C., office.
The ideal candidate is a self-starter with an aesthetic eye and technical skill with
video recording and editing, photography, iconography, branding, and developing
a new-media strategy. We are seeking a strong writer, particularly one adept at
crafting punchy, eye-catching soundbites and witticisms that tend to draw online
attention, as well as the traditional, long-form exposition that together constitute a
robust communications operation. Successful candidates can use Canva and
Adobe Creative Suite programs to create high-quality, professional-looking
products.
Responsibilities include developing all digital content, including copy, graphics,
and videos; managing and creating content for social-media platforms; tracking
digital-outreach analytics; overseeing the franked communications program,
including spots online, over the phone, over text, on the radio, and in print;
designing and drafting a recurrent e-newsletter; building out and updating the
Web site; and assisting the Communications Director with media requests and
press obligations, as needed.

Page 9 of 22

Title – from press assistant to digital manager or director – and pay will be
commensurate with work experience. Candidates at all levels of experience are
encouraged to apply so long as they possess the skills, talent, and knowledge
needed to execute the job well.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and lasting from the ground up, particularly for a Member of Congress
who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff.
Please submit a cover letter; a resume, including two-to-three references; and a
digital sample (either a graphic or video clip you generated and edited – or
preferably both – previously or in response to this job opening)
to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name – Digital
Outreach Aide.” We will accept applications until the position is filled.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-271-23

Southern California Democratic Office seeks Staff Assistant to join front office
team. MUST have a reliable and safe vehicle and driving record.
Candidates should be well-organized, hard-working, and detail-oriented. High
degree of professionalism required, as well as an ability to work a flexible
schedule, including long hours. Duties include answering telephone calls,
greeting visitors, supervising interns, assisting legislative staff, and driving the
Member in DC. Capitol Hill experience and California ties preferred. Spanish
language skills a plus. Starting salary of $45,000, plus student loan repayment,
and standard House benefits (healthcare, pension, TSP, etc.).
Email cover letter, resume, and references in one PDF document
to Ryan.Viessman@mail.house.gov with subject heading “Staff Assistant
Position”. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-270-23

The House Democratic Caucus is seeking a full-time, exempt Deputy Director
of Operations for our Washington, DC office. The ideal candidate is highlyorganized, has experience supervising and mentoring staff, can juggle multiple
projects and can be a strong team player. They also will display strong attention
to detail, sound judgment, and discretion in all tasks. Irregular working hours and
physical tasks are often required.
The Deputy Director of Operations supervises a team of Caucus Assistants and
interns and helps to plan and execute Member-level events, including the weekly
House Democratic Caucus meeting, the yearly Democratic Issues Conference,
Page 10 of 22

and other events and receptions. They also oversee Caucus Services for
Members, including room reservations and the equipment rental library,
coordinate the intern program, coordinate closely with other teams in the office
and perform other projects as assigned by the Director of Operations, Executive
Director, and Chief of Staff.
This position reports to the Director of Operations and Executive Director. The
salary range is $70,000 - $85,000 per year, depending on experience. This is not
an entry-level position.
The House Democratic Caucus is an equal opportunity employer; we do not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital
status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable
federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require a reasonable accommodation
to participate in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes. All House Democratic
Caucus employees and interns, other than those who are accommodated due to a
legal exemption, will be required to provide proof of vaccination as compliance
with this policy as a mandatory condition of employment.
Interested applicants should submit an application using the link below and send
a resume and cover letter to DemCaucusResume@mail.house.gov before EOD on
Friday, May 26, 2023. The subject line should be in the following format "First
Name Last Name - Deputy Director of Operations" and each document should be
a separate PDF attachment in the email.
Application
Link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScVAp0F9MBNF2s7w7iH_n
N8W_Fmve_TtgS5_nJiMQEscVSyAA/viewform?usp=sf_link
MEM-267-23

Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (OR-06) seeks a Legislative Director based in
her Washington, DC office. She is a freshman member in a battleground district
who serves on the House Agriculture Committee, the House Science, Space, and
Technology Committee, and the Congressional Executive Commission on China.
She also serves in leadership for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the
Democratic Women’s Caucus and is a member of the New Democrat Coalition
and the Congressional Progressive Caucus.
The Legislative Director oversees the development of policy positions and
legislative initiatives and supervises the office's legislative staff. This position
also meets with constituents and stakeholders on behalf of the Member and serves
as the primary contact for legislative issues with caucuses and committees. The
Legislative Director will advise the Member on all legislative areas.
Other responsibilities include managing a legislative portfolio; monitoring
legislative activity on the House floor and overseeing long-term and short-term
Page 11 of 22

legislative planning for the Member; supervising the mail program and working
closely with the Legislative Correspondent and legislative team to build a letter
library and facilitate constituent correspondence; managing the progression of
bills with which the Member is involved as they move from Committee to the
floor; recommending strategies and tactics on bills and positions and overseeing
the Community Project Funding process.
Qualifications include strong oral and written communication skills, thorough
knowledge of the legislative process and of House organization and procedures,
knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments, an understanding
of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved, political
acumen, and the ability to manage and lead a team. We are also looking for a
team player who is committed to fostering a positive work environment. Previous
Hill experience is required. Candidates with health care and/or agricultural policy
and knowledge of or ties to Oregon is a plus.
This is not an entry-level position and previous legislative experience on Capitol
Hill is required Salary range for this position is $100,000 to $110,000 + benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified
candidates are encouraged
to apply.
Please email a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: Legislative Director. This
position will be open until filled.
MEM-266-23

STAFF ASSISTANT – New Jersey Congressman Bill Pascrell, Jr. seeks an
organized Staff Assistant for his Paterson, New Jersey, district office to handle
general reception duties, conduct constituent services, and drive the Congressman
to and from events, meetings, and other engagements.
The Staff Assistant can also expect to represent the congressman at community
events. Candidates should be motivated self-starters with excellent oral and
written communication skills. Applicants must have a valid driver’s license. This
entry-level position is a tremendous opportunity to learn the ins-and-outs of the
United States Congress, collaborate with professionals and elected officials and
navigate the unparalleled Garden State political realm.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter via email
to NJ09position@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. We
will consider applications until the position is filled.
The position is full time with federal benefits, including student loan repayment
program (if eligible). The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
Page 12 of 22

discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or
parental status.
MEM-265-23

Congressman Jared Huffman (CD2) seeks a highly organized District Staff
Assistant/Caseworker for his San Rafael District Office.
Duties include:
•Greet and screen visitors, answer and screen telephone calls for the
Congressman and district office staff members, taking messages when
appropriate;
•Assist with processing of constituent mail and franked mail;
•Assist with federal casework as needed;
•Participate in select outreach efforts such as town halls and stakeholder
roundtables;
•Provide assistance in preparing congressional certificates of recognition and
other correspondence as needed;
•Maintain accurate and complete files on all assigned casework matters;
•Monitor, screen, and refer cases, when appropriate, to other government entities;
•Respond to constituent requests for information;
•Assist with administrative and clerical duties involved with managing the front
office; and
•Additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and abilities.
A successful candidate will be highly organized and detail oriented; possess
strong writing skills; and have experience working in a fast-paced office with the
ability to maintain a professional, flexible, and positive demeanor while
simultaneously managing competing tasks and projects. This position requires
flexible hours and availability on nights and weekends.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please send cover letter, resume and three references
to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the subject line “CA02 Staff Assistant/
Caseworker.”

MEM-264-23

Congressman Jared Huffman (CA-02) seeks a highly organized District
Scheduling and Operations Manager for his San Rafael District Office.
Responsibilities include:
• Serving as the office's primary point of contact for constituents, elected
officials, and nonprofit and advocacy organizations seeking meetings in the
district;
Page 13 of 22

• Coordinating the Member’s California schedule by making travel and meeting
arrangements while anticipating and responding to day-to-day developments;
• Coordinating with staff (including field, legislative, and press) to identify
schedule priorities;
• Working directly with the District Director and Member on scheduling logistics
across six counties and DC;
• Determining and deploying technologies to streamline office operations and
maximize data management;
• Assisting the DC office and District Director on maintaining financial and
expense records, office supplies and various administrative duties;
• Coordinating constituent requests for congressional recognition, including
certificates, congressional record statements, and letters of support; and
• Additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and abilities.
A successful candidate will be highly organized and detail oriented; possess
strong writing skills; and have experience working in a fast-paced office with the
ability to maintain a professional, flexible, and positive demeanor while
simultaneously managing competing tasks and projects. This position requires
flexible hours and availability on nights and weekends.
This is not an entry-level position. Ideal candidates will have significant previous
experience working in administrative support roles. This position is part of the
senior staff team and is critical to the office’s operations. Salary is commensurate
with experience. In addition, the office offers federal student loan reimbursement
and other federal benefits to employees.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please send cover letter and resume to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “CA02 District Operations Manager.”
MEM-263-23

CONSTITUENT ADVOCATE
Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03), representing nearly all of Burlington and parts
of Mercer and Monmouth Counties seeks a dedicated, compassionate, and teamoriented Constituent Advocate to serve in one of our New Jersey offices
(Willingboro, Hamilton, or Freehold).
The Constituent Advocate is a caseworker on behalf of the Congressman that acts
as a public-facing constituent services representative and as a liaison to various
federal, state, and local agencies. The Constituent Advocate assesses problems
and finds solutions in a professional manner and screens and refers cases, as
appropriate.

Page 14 of 22

Ideal candidates will have experience managing casework, be exceptionally wellorganized and attentive to detail, be able to adhere to established casework
processes, have strong oral and written communication skills, excel at time
management and prioritization, and be able to maintain good working
relationships with the Congressman, staff, and constituents. An even
temperament, ability to deal effectively with a wide range of personalities, and
creative problem-solving skills are essential.
Congressman Kim is the Ranking Member of the House Armed Services Military
Personnel Subcommittee, and a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee
and the Select Committee on Strategic Competition between the United States
and the Chinese Communist Party.
RESPONSIBILITIES
•Interact with constituents via phone, email and in person
•Establish, follow through, and complete constituent casework
•Keep accurate and complete case notes and alerts at all times
•Interact with assigned federal agencies
•Interact with local, county and state offices to make and accept referrals
•Establish efficient processes to handle common issues and problems
•Cross-train and accept changing areas of focus as needed
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents, community leaders and
organizations on behalf of the Member
•Monitor and update the Member and Senior Staff of important trends or issues in
need of escalation
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
•Casework or other high volume, high touch work
•Time spent in a customer service role
•Work with federal, state or local government
•Experience with Indigov or another constituent resource management program is
a plus
•Candidates with ties to NJ03 are strongly encouraged to apply
TO APPLY: Email cover letter, resume and 2-3 references
to NJ03resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Constituent Advocate:
[NAME]”. Please no unsolicited drop-ins, phone calls, or emails to the office.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: May 26, 2023 at 5PM EST
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
MEM-261-23

Rep. Ferguson (GA-03) seeks a Legislative Assistant

Page 15 of 22

The Legislative Assistant will cover a portfolio including but not limited to
Budget, Education, Financial Services, and Telecommunications.
Responsibilities include drafting legislation and official letters, working with
internal and external stakeholders to advance bills, monitoring legislation within
assigned portfolio, meeting with constituents and stakeholders on issues,
monitoring the House Floor and advising on votes, providing thoughtful analysis
of legislation, and other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate should have at least 3 years of experience in a Congressional
office, and a thorough understanding of the Budget process as the candidate will
be staffing the Congressman on the Budget Committee. The candidate must be
highly motivated, organized, responsive, and able to work well within a team in a
collaborative environment. Georgia ties are a plus but not required.
Applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to GA03Jobs@gmail.com
MEM-259-23

The office of a conservative, mid-western Member of Congress seeks a
Communications Assistant to work in the DC office and help develop and
execute an effective communications strategy.
The ideal candidate is:
•innovative, confident, and detail-oriented,
•a strong and effective verbal and written communicator,
•capable of consistently producing high-quality work product,
•able to effectively communicate with a variety of audiences using social media
and other platforms,
•willing to work long hours, including some time on weekends, and under tight
deadlines,
•able to react to unanticipated circumstances requiring fast and effective
response,
•interested in political and government topics and news from a variety of sources,
•committed to contributing to a team dynamic based on respect, collaboration,
and transparency.
Job responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•compiling and distributing daily press clips,
•producing content for social media and the official website,
•writing speeches, opinion editorials, talking points, press releases, and similar
content,
•preparing the Member for media opportunities and public appearances,
•photographing events, hearings, and other public functions,
•research to support communications activities,
•monitoring national, state, and local news for stories relevant for the office,
•assisting with all other communications-related tasks that are necessary to
execute a communications strategy.

Page 16 of 22

This position is for someone early in their career with one to four years of
experience working in a professional setting with at least some exposure to
communications-related work.
Applicants must complete a writing sample as part of the interview process.
Interested applicants should email CommsApplicants@gmail.com with:
•a cover letter,
•resume,
•at least three professional references, and
•any relevant work samples (e.g. - writing, video, creative)
MEM-258-23

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) is looking for a creative,
efficient, and detail-oriented Digital Assistant for the Washington, D.C. office.
The Digital Assistant will be responsible for executing digital strategies under the
guidance of the Communications Director. The ideal candidate will be a strong
writer and a digital native with an eye for detail and a passion for innovative
digital engagement.
This is not a 9-5 job; some nights and weekends will be required. California ties
are helpful; good judgment and common sense are a must.
Digital Content: Applicants should be proficient in graphic design and video
editing. This person will be responsible for proactively creating graphics, videos,
GIFs, and other digital content that is compelling, engaging, on-brand, and errorfree. The Digital Assistant will also regularly take photos of the Congresswoman
at events and in meetings. In addition to managing a long-term strategic digital
content calendar, they will be expected to create content for rollouts and rapid
response opportunities. This includes clipping, captioning, and posting committee
remarks, floor speeches, and interviews.
Social Media: The Digital Assistant will manage the Congresswoman’s social
media platforms – including Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram – in addition to
the website. This individual will be expected to proactively draft content in the
voice of the Congresswoman each day in addition to quickly responding to news
articles, Capitol Hill developments, and other rapid response moments.
Applicants should have a passion for breaking down policy, current events, and
news. They will also need to track social media requests from the legislative and
district teams.
TO APPLY, please send a résumé, cover letter, video sample, graphic sample,
and short writing sample to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Digital
Assistant – NAME” in the subject line.
Our office is an equal-opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other
Page 17 of 22

underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Applications
will be accepted and reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-257-23

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff (minority)
seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized staff assistant for fastpaced committee office.
Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front office such as receptionist
duties, answering phones, greeting visitors, ensuring the office is kept in order,
supporting staff in preparations for committee events such as hearings, markups,
meetings, and events, delivering documents and obtaining signatures on letters,
training and supervising interns, handling and sorting incoming mail, maintaining
both digital and paper records and files, maintaining office supplies and
mastering basic equipment operations, assisting other staff with research, work
product, web content, special projects, and other duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, attention to detail, professionalism, exceptional time management skills,
and an ability to work collaboratively. All applicants will be considered without
regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), gender identity, disability, or age. Hill experience preferred but not
required.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-253-23

Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent
Senior California Democrat seeks an organized and detail-oriented Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent for the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities of the position include front office reception, answering phones,
coordinating and conducting Capitol tours, managing the internship program, as
well as answering constituent correspondence and supporting the office’s
legislative team.
Applicants should be able to keep track of multiple projects simultaneously, work
in a fast-paced environment, and have strong writing skills.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority applicants are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, references, and a cover letter in a single pdf
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com
Page 18 of 22

MEM-252-23

A senior House Republican on the Energy & Commerce Committee seeks a
Press Secretary/Digital Director that is eager to join a robust communications
operation.
This is not an entry-level position – at least one year of relevant communications
experience is required. Familiarity or existing contacts with conservative media
outlets is a plus. This position will serve as the main press staffer for the
Washington, D.C. office and will work closely with the Communications
Director and subcommittee staff. Job duties include but are not limited to:
Required
•Video filming and editing skills
•Excellent research skills and writing ability
•Ability to create graphics and social media branding
Duties
•Successfully pitch and book the Member on national tv and radio
•Develop and assist with press releases, talking points, op-eds, and other
materials
•Grow and manage a national press list
•Assist with maintaining office’s website and social media accounts
•Create and edit videos and graphics
•Monitor the Congressman’s presence and interactions on social media.
•Take photos/video at events
•Compile daily clips
•Taking a lead role in interacting with subcommittee communications team
Please submit your resume to Midwestern.Job@mail.house.gov with “Press
Secretary/Digital Director” in the subject line.

MEM-250-23

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full-time Staff Assistant in
her Washington, DC office.
The staff assistant will work closely with the chief of staff and the scheduler, and
responsibilities include managing the front office; driving the Member;
processing incoming mail, phone calls, and constituent requests including tours
and flags; managing the intern program; greeting visitors; providing
administrative support for the office including support for events; and other
duties assisting the staff and Member as assigned.
Applicants should be detail-oriented, proactive, able to exercise discretion, eager
to work in a fast-paced office, and willing to work flexible hours when the
Member is in DC. Strong communication, logistical, interpersonal, and
organizational skills are essential. Access to personal car preferred, although not
Page 19 of 22

required. This role provides a unique entry level opportunity to work closely with
a senior Member of Congress.
Please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and two references
to CT03jobs@gmail.com with subject line “Staff Assistant Application.” No calls
or walk-ins, please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages all qualified
candidates to apply. Connecticut ties are a plus. This office requires all staff and
interns to complete a full SARS-CoV2 vaccination course, regardless of recovery
from prior coronavirus illness, as a condition of employment.
MEM-247-23

Congresswoman Kim Schrier seeks Veterans Constituent Services
Representative for her Issaquah office.
This position acts as a liaison for constituents to federal, district, and local
agencies to provide assistance and help resolve issues on behalf of Veterans and
active-duty service members. Responsibilities include meeting with constituents
and answering casework correspondence, continually screening active cases to
ensure they are handled in a responsive manner, maintaining up-to-date files on
all cases, and providing periodic updates to the District Director on pending
cases. Additional responsibilities include stakeholder engagement, event planning
and staffing, and administrative support for office operations—greeting visitors,
telephone calls and logging incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Prior experience or training in casework, social work, customer service, or
working for elected officials is preferred.
Candidates should demonstrate a strong commitment to public service; ability to
work as a part of a dynamic team; creative problem solving; excellent oral and
written communication skills; thoroughness and careful attention to detail; ability
to exercise discretion and independent judgment; ability to work cooperatively
and courteously with others in a fast-paced office; and basic knowledge of federal
agencies and the political process.
Knowledge of the Eighth Congressional District is desired. Military experience or
ties to the Veteran community is desired but not a requirement. Proficiency in a
second language is a plus. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation. The
salary range for this position is $50-60k.
To be considered, please submit a cover letter, a writing sample, and resume with
references to WA08Resumes@gmail.com with “Constituent Services
Representative” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

Page 20 of 22

MEM-246-23

Senior Texas Republican seeks to fill the role of Staff Assistant in the
Washington D.C. office.
Primary duties include greeting visitors, managing the front office and interns,
processing flag and tour requests, and assisting the Member and staff with
various projects as needed. The ideal candidate will be able to multi-task
efficiently, be able to work in a fast-paced environment, and be detail-oriented
with strong organizational and communication skills. Texas ties and a car are
preferred.
Please email a resume, cover letter, and a list of references
to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov.

MEM-242-23

Democratic Congressman seeks a Staff Assistant/Press Assistant. Staff
Assistant responsibilities include: answering phones and greeting visitors,
assisting with tour and flag requests, helping manage the interns, sorting/batching
correspondence, drafting letters and providing administrative and legislative
support as needed.
Press Assistant responsibilities include: compiling press clips,
drafting/monitoring social media posts, designing graphics and web content, and
other press duties as assigned. Applicants must have strong writing skills and be a
detail oriented team player. Maryland ties and knowledge of IQ or similar
programs are a plus.
Interested applicants should e-mail 1) a resume, 2) a cover letter and 3) two brief
writing samples to employment@mail.house.gov with the subject “Staff
Assistant/Press Assistant: LAST NAME.”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status or
parental status. Women, veterans, people of color and LGBTQ+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-241-23

Senior House Democrat seeks an experienced Communications Director or
Press Secretary to serve in its Washington, D.C. office.
Successful candidates will have impeccable writing skills, a close eye to detail,
fluency with social media platforms and digital tools, the ability to manage
several, simultaneous projects in a fast-paced environment and experience
working closely with national and local press.
Responsibilities include developing communications and outreach strategies,
writing press releases, statements and media advisories, creating and managing
social media content including graphics and videos, drafting talking points and
Page 21 of 22

op-eds, and creating franked communications, including mailers and telephone
townhalls. This is not an entry-level position.
This office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Diverse candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified individuals should submit a resume, cover letter and writing portfolio
to employment@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-024-23

The Freshman Democrat from Hawai‘i is seeking a Scheduler with strong
judgment, communication skills, and attention to detail to build and oversee all
aspects of scheduling operations for the Member.
This position requires consistent and effective collaboration with all components
of the Member’s office. The Scheduler will work directly with the Chief of Staff,
District Chief, and other senior staff.
Primary duties include, but are not limited to:
•Building the Member’s daily and long-term schedule for DC and the district and
managing this system;
•Responding to all incoming scheduling requests;
•Booking and coordinating travel back to Hawai‘i and within Hawai‘i;
•Ensuring the Member, staff, and external stakeholders have key information
about the schedule;
•Compiling daily briefing materials for the Member and coordinating the
collection of information from staff and other sources;
•Supporting the team with special events and ad hoc projects; and
•Other duties as assigned.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual
orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse backgrounds, especially
with ties to Hawai‘i, are encouraged to apply. Being able to serve as a secondary
driver when needed is preferred, but not required.
Salary will be commensurate with experience.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and references
to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

Page 22 of 22

