________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 4, 2022

MEM-185-22

Digital Resident

The House Democratic Caucus is seeking a motivated, detail-oriented Digital
Resident to work full-time in a fast-paced leadership office. Resident will be
primarily responsible for assisting with the execution of digital campaigns and
creating content for various social media platforms.
The residency program will also include an educational work component in
which residents will attend and manage hybrid congressional events, conduct
research, draft internal documents and participate in professional development
sessions. Proficiency with social media platforms, graphic design, video editing
software and other creative design programs (Adobe Creative Cloud, Canva, etc.)
is required.
Ideal applicants will have a professional and positive attitude, a demonstrated
knowledge of House Democrats, proactive problem-solving abilities and strong
writing skills. The term of this paid residency will be from May 2022 to
September 2022. Applicants must be able to work full-time (40 hours per week)
in-person in Washington, D.C. and may occasionally be asked to work additional
morning/evening hours.
Applicants should send one PDF file including their resume, cover letter, digital
portfolio/samples along with three professional references
to CaucusInternResume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “APPLICANT
Page 1 of 28

NAME Summer 2022 Digital Residency Application.” Women, people of color,
LGBTQIA+ individuals, veterans and those with disabilities are encouraged to
apply.
The deadline to submit applications is Friday, April 29, 2022 at 5:00 p.m. ET. No
drop-ins or calls, please.
MEM-184-22

SUMMARY:
District Office Outreach Coordinator
Field Representatives play a critical forward-facing role in the Member’s district
office. Their responsibilities include serving as the Member’s community
representative. This includes monitoring and updating the Member and District
Director on important local issues, emerging trends, and critical developments.
They work with Constituent Service Director and the broader field team to ensure
effective communication with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
•Builds and maintains relationships with identified constituents and key
community leaders and stakeholders
•Maintains and manages the Engagement Database
•Ensures outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
•Serves as a representative for the Member on boards and commissions as
determined by the District Director
•Coordinates closely with the District Director and D.C. staff to ensure district
priorities are reflective in legislative priorities
•Informs the District Director and the Member on up-and-coming issues in the
district
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least a bachelor’s degree in Government Affairs, Business, Social Work, or
related field OR in lieu of a Bachelor's degree, 3-5 years of relevant work
experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Familiarity with Maryland 7th Congressional District
•Expertise in developing and maintaining relationships with constituents and
community leaders
•Political savvy and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong decision-making skills
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
Page 2 of 28

moderate
•Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy
•Frequent In-District travel
Applicants should submit resumes to md07resumes@mail.house.gov
MEM-183-22

District Office Constituent Service Representative
SUMMARY:
The District Office Caseworker acts a constituent liaison for the Member. This
position also monitors and updates the Member and District Director on district
and local issues. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local
agencies for the Member and constituents and answers casework correspondence
and verbal communications with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
▪Handles a dedicated portfolio of casework assignments;
▪Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
▪Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
▪Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
▪Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Member;
▪Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Legislative Director.
▪Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
▪Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
▪Trains and supervises Staff Assistants, including interns, to handle office matters
such as logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors,
telephone calls, and computer operations;
▪Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
▪Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
▪Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
▪Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
▪Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
▪Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
▪Works under pressure and handles stress;
▪Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
Page 3 of 28

▪Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least 2 years of experience; strong academic credentials. Alternatively, 5 years
of related experience or training in legislation or equivalent similar experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
▪Strong oral and written communication skills;
▪Strong knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments;
▪Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
▪Professional telephone manner;
▪Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
▪Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
▪Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
▪Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
▪Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
▪Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
▪Knowledge of office computer applications; and
▪Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
▪Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate.
▪Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
Applicants should submit resumes to md07resumes@mail.house.gov
MEM-182-22

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for an investigative counsel position.
The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members
and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives.
This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to conduct impartial
investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications skills, as well as
the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before
the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics;
campaign finance; criminal law; employment law, including the laws governing
Page 4 of 28

sexual harassment in the workplace; civil litigation; administrative investigations
and adjudications; depositions; and financial accounting. Salary commensurate
with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel”
in the subject line.
MEM-180-22

Democratic Congressman seeks a Staff Assistant/Press Assistant. Staff
Assistant responsibilities include: answering phones, greeting visitors when the
office reopens, managing tour and flag requests, sorting/batching correspondence,
drafting letters and providing administrative and legislative support as needed.
Press Assistant responsibilities include: compiling press clips,
drafting/monitoring social media posts, designing graphics and web content and
other press duties as assigned. Applicants must have strong writing skills and be a
detail oriented team player. Maryland ties and knowledge of Intertrac or IQ are a
plus.
Interested applicants should e-mail 1) a resume, 2) a cover letter, and 3) two brief
writing samples to employment@mail.house.gov with the subject “Staff
Assistant/Press Assistant: LAST NAME.”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, veterans, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-179-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking an experienced Staff
Assistant for his Honolulu district office.
Duties include but are not limited to greeting visitors and answering constituent
calls and requests for general information, tours and other inquiries. This position
also is responsible for a wide variety of administrative duties and acts as a liaison
to the federal, district and local government agencies on behalf of the
Congressman on requests by constituents for assistance with individual issues.
Direct report to the Deputy Chief of Staff in the Honolulu office, although the
position also interacts directly with the Congressman and his Washington, D.C.
office.
Very strong preference given to (1) prior experience, especially in comparable
duties and (2) Hawai‘i background/community involvement and applicants are
asked to detail these attributes. The position also requires initiative, strong
interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and effectively
Page 5 of 28

under pressure, make decisions and solve problems, orientation to detail,
excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and long and unpredictable
hours.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-177-22

The Office of Congressman Mark Takano is seeking an organized, detail-oriented
individual to serve in the position of Staff Assistant/Digital Assistant in our
Riverside District Office.
As Staff Assistant, this person will provide administrative support to the District
Director, recruit and manage the office interns, greet visitors, answer phones,
respond to constituent requests for services including casework claims, and staff
the Congressman at events, some of which will be during the evening or
weekend.
As Digital Assistant, they will help maintain the office’s digital media presence,
draft content, design graphics and edit video. An ideal candidate will have
experience with graphic design software and video editing.
The Office of Congressman Mark Takano is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin,
age, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. The salary range for the
position is $42,000 to $50,000 commensurate with experience.
To apply, please send a resume to CA41.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-176-22

Press Secretary
The House Judiciary Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated and
hardworking communications professional to join a fast-paced communications
team to help manage communications for the full committee and subcommittees.
Responsibilities include drafting communications materials (news releases,
statements, talking points, etc.); managing public notices for the Committee and
Subcommittee’s work, helping with press inquiries; maintaining media
directories of reporters who cover the committee; and coordinating with the
Committee’s communications team and staff of committee members.
Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral communication skills;
the ability to comprehend and summarize complex legislation quickly; a proven
ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks; and sound
political judgment. Candidates should have at least 2 years of relevant experience.

Page 6 of 28

Prior Hill or campaign experience, as well as familiarity with judiciary issues is
preferred.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to Job.Jdem@mail.house.gov. Please include “Press Secretary” in the
subject line.
MEM-173-22

Congressman Ruben Gallego (AZ-07) seeks an enthusiastic, people-oriented, and
dependable professional to serve as a Field Representative/ Caseworker in his
Phoenix District Office.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: establishing and maintaining
relationships with local organizations, businesses and community leaders on
behalf of the Congressman; monitoring District and local issues; acting as liaison
to federal agencies; handling casework; managing special projects; and assisting
with events and other activities as assigned.
Travel throughout the district is required, thus the candidate must have a valid
driver’s license, reliable transportation, and appropriate automobile insurance.
The Field Representative/ Caseworker must be a dedicated, hard-working, team
player. Prior experience in government, the nonprofit sector, community or
grassroots organizing is preferred.
Applicants should have a service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills,
and proficiency at prioritizing and managing multiple projects at one time.
Applicants must demonstrate a capacity to work both independently and as part
of a team, and possess strong written and oral communications skills. A working
knowledge of Arizona’s 7th Congressional District is preferred and Spanish
speaking and writing skills are a plus.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a list of three
references to: lynn.cordova@mail.house.gov.

MEM-172-22

Rep. Kathy Castor (FL-14) seeks a collaborative and creative Digital Assistant to
join her Tampa district office.
Page 7 of 28

Ideal candidates are team-oriented, self-motivated, and resourceful. Successful
applicants will write well, be proficient in graphic design and video production,
able to work under deadline, proactive and a strategic thinker who works well
with others.
This staff position reports to the DC-based Communications Director.
RESPONSIBILITES
•Create weekly social media plans in collaboration with Communications
Director
•Create graphics for social media, newsletters, visual presentations and mail that
effectively communicate an idea or policy clearly
•Manage livestreaming, photography and videography at district events
•Oversee regular updates to the Congresswoman’s website
•Monitor social media and media reports regarding legislative, national and local
issues
•Produce video content to share on social media and with local stakeholders
•Other duties as assigned
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
•Proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite, Canva or other design programs required
•Candidates with ties to Florida are strongly encouraged to apply
•Spanish language proficiency is a plus but not required
The Office of Congresswoman Kathy Castor is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. We strongly value the
diversity of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds
to apply, including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA
community. Newly graduated college students with an interest in public service
are encouraged to apply.
TO APPLY: Email cover letter, resume, one writing sample, two graphic design
samples, and 2-3 references to FLDem.Resume@gmail.com with the subject line
“[Last Name, First Name] Digital Assistant.” Please no unsolicited drop-ins,
phone calls, or emails to the office.
MEM-171-22

Congressman Adam Smith (WA-09) seeks a Staff Assistant in his Washington,
D.C. Office.
The Staff Assistant runs the front office of the Congressman’s D.C. Office and
supports office operations. Primary duties include answering incoming calls,
greeting visitors to the D.C. office, processing tour, flag, and other constituent
requests, and administrative duties related to running the office.

Page 8 of 28

The Staff Assistant will also assist the Legislative Correspondent with the
constituent mail program, including processing and sorting incoming messages in
Intranet Quorum (IQ).
The ideal candidate will have excellent organizational and time-management
skills; strong customer service skills, particularly for telephone and in-person
conversations with constituents; and an ability to work cooperatively in a fastpaced environment.
Salary range is $50k+, dependent on qualifications and experience, with Federal
employee benefits including the student loan repayment program. Women,
people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities,
and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Applicants must submit a cover letter and resume
to WA09.jobs@mail.house.gov by April 8th with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-170-22

JOB DESCRIPTION: DIGITAL DIRECTOR/PRESS SECRETARY
OFFICE OF CONGRESSMAN MONDAIRE JONES
To apply, please visit this link: Digital Director/Press Secretary Application
(airtable.com)
ABOUT MONDAIRE:
Mondaire Jones is the 34-year-old Congressman from New York’s 17th District,
serving Rockland and Westchester Counties. He serves on the House Judiciary,
Education and Labor, and Ethics Committees and is the first openly gay, Black
member of Congress.
He also serves as Freshman Representative to Leadership, the youngest member
of the Democratic House leadership team, Deputy Whip of the Congressional
Progressive Caucus, and Co-Chair of the LGBTQ Equality Caucus. A product of
East Ramapo public schools, Mondaire was raised in Section 8 housing and on
food stamps in the Village of Spring Valley by a single mother who worked
multiple jobs to provide for their family.
He later graduated from Stanford University, worked at the Department of Justice
during the Obama Administration, and graduated from Harvard Law School. He
is a co-founder of the nonprofit Rising Leaders, Inc. and has previously served on
the NAACP’s National Board of Directors and on the board of the New York
Civil Liberties Union. Most recently, Mondaire worked as a litigator in the
Westchester County Law Department. Mondaire was born and raised in Rockland
and resides in Westchester.
Page 9 of 28

WHAT YOU WILL DO:
The Digital Director/Press Secretary will serve as an integral part of the
communications team. They will:
•Monitor national and local media coverage
•Partner with the team to draft, post, and monitor social media accounts and
messages
•Oversee digital media analytics and monitor social media performance
•Coordinate digital advertising
•Support the drafting of press releases, media advisories, op-eds, and newsletters
•Produce graphics, videos, and other digital media messages
•Liaise with local and national press
•Collaborate on short and long-term media strategy for the team
WHAT YOU BRING:
•Strong commitment to Mondaire’s mission and values
•Previous experience in digital communications
•Excellent organization
•Exceptional attention to detail
•Great communication skills
•Strong computer skills — ability to learn and adopt new technologies and
systems
•Ability to be discreet with sensitive information
APPLICATION PROCESS:
Please begin by filling out this form via the following link: Digital Director/Press
Secretary Application (airtable.com)
From there, the process is as follows:
•Zoom Interview with the Chief of Staff and Communications Director (30
minutes)
•Zoom Interview with Senior Staff (30 minutes)
•Timed Written Exercise (1-2 hours)
•Final Zoom Interview with Mondaire (30 minutes)
Please note that you will have time to ask questions during each of the interview
stages — we want to ensure that you have a chance to learn more about this role
throughout the process!
LOCATION AND COMPENSATION:
The position will be based in our Washington, DC office, with ample travel
opportunities to New York. We are flexible with remote work on non-session
days.
Salary ranges from $70-80,000, commensurate with experience. Benefits include
health insurance coverage and up to $833 per month in student loan repayment.
INCLUSION STATEMENT:
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
Page 10 of 28

marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals
with disabilities throughout the interview and employment process, including
using our online system to apply for a position.
MEM-165-22

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn
Maloney (D-NY) seeks to fill a Senior Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
Several years of investigative or litigation experience is required. Responsibilities
include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and managing
congressional investigations and hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds
and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Senior Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter
with the file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume”
and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or dropins, please.

MEM-164-22

The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks
an attorney with several years of investigative or litigation experience for a
Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
In this role, you will work with a team of energetic and supportive colleagues and
manage all aspects of high-profile congressional investigations. Potential day-today work includes drafting letters, negotiating with counsel, conducting
depositions and transcribed interviews, preparing reports and memoranda,
briefing the Chairwoman and other Committee Members, and organizing
congressional hearings.
Previous Hill experience helpful but not required. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must
have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and
possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the
file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
Page 11 of 28

“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.
MEM-162-22

Representative Mike Levin (CA-49) seeks Staff Assistant for his Washington,
DC office.
This position is responsible for managing the front desk, answering the DC office
phones, operating the DC office internship program, coordinating constituents’
tour and flag requests, and handling other administrative duties of the office as
needed.
The staff member in this role interacts regularly with constituents and should
have a friendly, helpful demeanor. The ideal candidate should have strong written
and verbal communications skills, extreme attention to detail, and a positive
attitude. A working knowledge of legislative issues is a plus.
This staff member should also be a self-starter who likes to solve problems and
works well with a team. Strong organizational skills and a passion for helping
others are essential to this role.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
a list of three references to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov. Please send all
materials in one PDF document. Incomplete applications will not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees
and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-161-22

The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and Citizenship seeks a hardworking lawyer with significant experience in immigration and nationality law to
serve as legislative counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Judiciary Committee on matters involving immigration law and policy; drafting
legislation; coordinating hearings and witnesses; preparing Members for hearings
and markups; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and providing
guidance to other offices within the Democratic Caucus on immigration-related
matters.
A strong background in immigration law and policy is required. Exceptional
writing skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work closely and
collaboratively with other congressional offices and advocacy organizations are
essential. The ideal candidate will have Capitol Hill experience and a minimum
of five years of experience in immigration law.

Page 12 of 28

The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Immigration Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-158-22

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Legislative Assistant to join her
team in Washington, DC.
Ideal candidates will have prior Hill experience; excellent written and verbal
communication skills; strong organizational and time management skills; a
positive attitude; solid knowledge of the legislative process; and an ability to
work under pressure and meet deadlines in an fast-paced work environment.
Experience with Intranet Quorum (IQ) is preferred. Duties include:
*Formulating legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas;
*Tracking legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas and briefing
the Congresswoman for floor work, committee work, work in the district, and
outside House-related activities;
*Monitoring legislative developments within relevant committees;
*Planning and coordinating cosponsorship and support of legislation;
*Writing floor speeches for the Congresswoman;
*Acting as liaison with committee and agency staffs;
*Performing special projects assigned by the Congresswoman or Chief of Staff;
*Meeting with constituents and interest groups;
*Assisting with the preparation of weekly reports for the Congresswoman and
staff on legislative activities in assigned issue areas; and
*Performing other duties as assigned.
Connecticut ties are a plus, but not required. Women and minority candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
two references in a single PDF to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following
subject line: Full name - Legislative Assistant. No phone calls or walk-ins,
please.

MEM-157-22

Congressman Wittman is seeking a Director of Operations and Scheduler based
out of his Washington, D.C. office.
The Director of Operations position will guarantee continued excellence in
constituent services through overseeing a collaborative and strategic scheduling
Page 13 of 28

operation, ensuring a one-stop-shop model for all DC constituent interactions,
maximizing each dollar of the Members Representational Allowance (MRA) in
serving the constituents of the First District, and through taking a larger role
overall in office strategy and goalsetting.
The Director of Operations maintains the Congressman's schedule, travel plans,
and related records. This position acts as a liaison for the Congressman with the
staff, public, industry, Members of Congress, and Administration officials.
The Director of Operations is also the financial point of contact for the office
responsible for: tracking bills and vendor contracts, creating vouchers for
payment by the Finance office, tracking and submitted Member and staff
reimbursements, keeping equipment inventory current and well documented,
recommending year end equipment and supply purchases to the Chief and
Member, maintaining and submitting all travel and purchase card statements, and
making sure the office complies with all ethics criteria.
This position also supervises the staff assistant and front office operations and
coordinates with the Staff Assistant on the hiring, training, and maintenance of
the intern program. This is not an entry level position and previous Capitol Hill,
or executive assistant experience is strongly preferred.
Ideal candidates should be organized with an exceptional attention to detail and
be able to handle a fast-paced and demanding work environment. In addition,
candidates should possess strong people skills with the temperament to
communicate with a variety of personalities in a pleasant and professional
manner. Virginia ties a plus.
Email resume and cover letter to with “Wittman Director of Operations” in the
subject line to Carolyn.King@mail.house.gov.
MEM-155-22

The Office of Congressman Emanuel Cleaver is seeking a Scheduler for his DC
office. This is not an entry-level position. Candidates must have exceptional
organizational skills, meticulous attention to detail, the ability to prioritize and
manage multiple tasks under tight deadlines and the ability to work under
pressure in a fast-paced environment.
The DC Scheduler serves in an important advisory capacity for the Member and
works closely with the Chief of Staff, District Scheduler, communications, and
policy teams to coordinate the Member’s official schedule and arrange travel
plans. This position is responsible for managing the Member’s daily and longterm DC schedule; evaluating, organizing and responding to all incoming DC
meeting requests; creating and booking complex travel arrangements;
coordinating with the campaign staff on political scheduling requests; and
occasionally spearheading other projects as assigned.

Page 14 of 28

The successful candidate will have strong written and verbal communication
skills, be a proactive self-starter, and be someone who enjoys and can
successfully work collaboratively as part of a close-knit team. The ideal candidate
will have Congressional work experience and prior scheduling experience.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Consistent with applicable law, this office requires all staff and interns to
complete a full SARS-CoV2 vaccination course, regardless of recovery from
prior coronavirus illness, as a condition of employment.
How to apply: Please submit your resume and cover letter
to midwest.jobs@mail.house.gov with Scheduler in the title. Applications will be
reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-154-22

Communications Director — Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro (CT-03) seeks a
highly motivated, hard-working Communications Director.
Responsibilities include planning and implementing a communications strategy
across a broad portfolio, working closely with legislative, district, and
appropriations staff to effectively communicate her message, handling daily
media inquiries, maintaining relationships with national and local reporters,
writing talking points and press releases, pitching op-eds, managing the website,
producing videos and social media content, planning and pitching press events in
DC and the district, overseeing daily clips, and keeping press lists up-to-date.
Ideal applicants will have Hill press experience, strong writing and oral
communication skills, the ability to multitask and prioritize under pressure, and a
good sense of humor. Connecticut ties are a plus.
This office requires all staff and interns to complete a full SARS-CoV2
vaccination course, regardless of recovery from prior coronavirus illness, as a
condition of employment.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a writing sample as one attachment
to CTCommsJob@gmail.com.

MEM-149-22

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active and
visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework distribution;
Page 15 of 28

answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings, condolences and
congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities may also include
casework assignments if the District Director finds that the staff assistant can take
on such work while paying the required attention to his/her already assigned
tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting, training,
scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move
immediately to D.C., if hired.
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
MEM-148-22

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff, seeks a Staff
Director/Chief Counsel for the Consumer Protection and Commerce
Subcommittee.
The subcommittee’s jurisdiction comprises a diverse set of issues, including
consumer affairs and consumer protection, tech accountability, consumer privacy
and data security, auto safety, consumer product safety, regulation of commercial
practices, including sports-related matters, among other issues.
Responsibilities include:
•Managing a team to prepare and staff hearings and markups, draft legislation,
and advise staff and Members of Congress on legislative and non-legislative
matters – this includes review and approval of all written materials;
•Working with the Chairman, Subcommittee Chair, and Senior Committee Staff
to set and implement Subcommittee priorities, strategy, and messaging; and
•Advising Members of Congress and their staffs on the issues before the
Subcommittee.
Requirements:
•Minimum of 6 years of Congressional experience or other relevant experience,
including experience developing and managing a team;
•Strong background and knowledge of issues within the Subcommittee’s
jurisdiction, including current legislative and non-legislative issues before the
Subcommittee;
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process and the organization and
procedures of the House of Representatives;
•Superior writing, analytical, and legislative skills, including explaining policy
issues in ways that people can easily understand;
•Sound political judgment and the ability to think creatively to design and
implement Subcommittee priorities and strategies;
Page 16 of 28

•Proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities and excellent organizational and time management skills;
•Willingness to work long hours and weekends; and
•Experience working with relevant public interest groups, agencies, Members of
Congress and their staffs, and industry stakeholders
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and at least three
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line:
Consumer Protection Staff Director Candidate [Your Name].
MEM-140-22

The Office of Congresswoman Elissa Slotkin (D-MI) seeks a motivated,
organized, and detail-oriented Legislative Correspondent with exceptional
written and oral communication skills to join the team.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to jobs.mi08@mail.house.gov. Please include “Legislative Correspondent,
[YOUR NAME]” in the subject line.
Core Responsibilities include:
●Managing and organizing incoming communications from constituents, and
drafting substantive written responses in a timely manner.
●Engaging with constituents directly to provide more specific responses when
appropriate, and working with both the legislative and communications teams to
manage a robust, proactive constituent outreach operation.
●Managing and recruiting the office’s interns.
●Professional development and advancement opportunities are a priority for
Congresswoman Slotkin, so the position also presents opportunities to take on
legislative or communications work, as the candidate grows in the job.
Qualifications:
●This office has a fast-paced, collegial environment and places an emphasis on
ensuring that staff have a direct line of communication with the Congresswoman.
●Candidates must be able to work both collaboratively and individually, and be
able to produce high quality work in a fast-paced environment. Must be selfmotivated.
●Responsiveness and engagement with constituents are a top priority for this
office, so applicants should be prepared to manage an expansive mail program.
●Previous Capitol Hill experience and knowledge of Internet Quorum are
preferred.
●Ties to Michigan are preferred.
Salary and Benefits:
●Salary will be between $43,500 and $50,000 per year, pursuant to candidates’
previous experience.
Page 17 of 28

●Benefits package through the U.S. House of Representatives includes health
insurance, retirement matching, student loan repayment, and transit benefits. 15
days of paid leave per year, plus sick leave.
●Flexible teleworking options.
The Office of Congresswoman Elissa Slotkin is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity,
national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ identification, family status, or military
status. Women, people of color, veterans, and other members of traditionally
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-134-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated individual to assume the role of Press Secretary|Digital Director.
The person chosen for the position will work closely with the Communications
Director to develop and execute the Congresswoman’s long-term
communications plan. They will be charged with overseeing the communications
schedule, managing the Member’s digital media accounts, and working with local
and national reporters.
The Press Secretary|Digital Director will be responsible for a wide range of
critical functions, including developing original social media content, designing
graphics, editing and posting videos, maintaining the office’s website, and
managing media lists. Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director
with drafting news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds and other materials.
Qualified applicants must have strong writing, editing, proofreading skills and be
proficient in photography, video recording and editing. They must be detailoriented, news savvy and able to work in a fast-paced, demanding work setting -a sense of humor and ability to be a team player is a must.
Spanish fluency preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous experience in press or relevant social
media experience is required.
Experience with Adobe Creative Cloud Products are a plus. Southern
California|Los Angeles ties are a plus.
Successful applicants will need to demonstrate their writing ability by completing
a writing and editing test.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter including salary requirements, and
two writing samples with “Press Secretary” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.

Page 18 of 28

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-133-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly talented and
motivated individual to serve as a Legislative Assistant|CHC Liaison in
Washington, DC House office - with the primary responsibilities of handling the
Member’s immigration, foreign affairs, military, and criminal justice, Homeland
Security Committee work, and serve as Member’s liaison to the Congressional
Hispanic Caucus (CHC). Candidates must have a proven record of proposing
legislation, developing amendments, and leading on letters.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Drafting legislation and amendments and advancing them through various
legislative vehicles;
• Preparing hearing binders and questions for witnesses for Homeland Security
Committee hearings;
• Drafting talking points, vote recommendations and other materials;
• Monitoring and analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings,
news stories and other relevant info; and
• Representing the Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.
Candidates must have an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in a
fast-paced work environment. Strong organizational and time management skills,
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a keen attention to detail
are required.
Spanish language skills preferred.
Southern California ties a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two references with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-132-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
Page 19 of 28

The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
•Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
•Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
•Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
•Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-131-22

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
scheduler.
Main responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules for both DC and the District; organizing and evaluating all incoming
Page 20 of 28

meeting requests and invitations; keeping the Member on schedule throughout the
day; working with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings; coordinating travel arrangements; processing and
managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member; and communicating
with constituents by phone and email to address requests, concerns, and
questions.
Additional responsibilities include other administrative tasks.
Candidates should be highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task,
resourceful, team-oriented, and have a positive attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including
some weekend availability as needed.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Applicants should have previous scheduling
experience (at least one year in a similar position). Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Southern California | Los Angeles Metro area ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-127-22

Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) seeks a full-time legislative assistant in
Washington, D.C.
The legislative assistant will be responsible for important issues areas such as
worker and family support, education, labor, transportation, among other issues,
in a fast-paced congressional office for a member of House Democratic
Leadership on the Ways and Means, Budget, and Science, Space and Technology
Committees.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging, including drafting bills and amendments,
developing strategic plans to advance legislation through Congress, staffing
committee meetings, interacting with constituents, district stakeholders,
committee/leadership committee staff and federal agencies, and writing policy
briefing memos and talking points.
Candidates must have a self-starting personality, strong written and verbal
communication skills, a desire to continually learn and grow and an eagerness to
work on a team in a collaborative office environment. This is not an entry-level
Page 21 of 28

position. A minimum two years of relevant experience is required. Michigan ties
preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and a writing sample
to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-115-22

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-53) is looking for a calm, quickthinking, and detail-oriented Body Person/District Scheduler for the San Diego
office.
The primary responsibility will be driving and staffing the Congresswoman while
she is in San Diego. Other responsibilities will include assisting the Director of
Scheduling and Operations with scheduling events in San Diego, helping to
manage the Congresswoman’s calendar, event planning, relaying necessary
information from events to the district team, and other administrative duties as
assigned.
Ideal candidates will have good judgment, common sense, an eye for detail, and a
good sense of humor. They will be able to anticipate the needs of the principal
and problem-solve on their feet. They will also be calm under pressure and
closely follow San Diego government and politics.
This is not a 9-5 job; some nights and weekends will be required. Bilingual skills
are preferred; a valid driver’s license, daily access to a vehicle, and a good
driving record are required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume with “Jacobs - Body
Person” in the subject line to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov. Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis, with priority given to earlier applicants.
The Office of Congresswoman Jacobs is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status.

MEM-109-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai’i - 01) is seeking a
Scheduler/Administrative Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office.
Scheduling duties include but are not limited to managing all aspects of the
Congressman’s daily and long-term schedule in D.C., Hawai‘i and elsewhere.
Other duties include coordinating and implementing administrative functions of
the D.C. office, including constituent mail, tours requests, inventory management
and records management. Direct report is to the Chief of Staff, although the
individual will work closely with the Deputy Chief of Staff and the Congressman
is routinely involved in all aspects of his office operations.
Page 22 of 28

Preference given to (1) prior Capitol Hill experience, (2) prior scheduling
experience and (3) Hawai’i background. Applicants are asked to detail these
attributes in their application package.
The position also requires initiative, strong interpersonal skills, multitasking, the
ability to work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and
solve problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing
skills, and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Scheduler/Administrative
Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-108-22

Representative Kilmer seeks a Legislative Assistant to support his work on
interior, environment, and related issues, including his work on the
Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior and Environment.
The portfolio will also include managing an active and diverse policy portfolio
that includes Energy, Environment, Fisheries/Oceans, Natural Resources/ Public
Lands, and Native American issues.
Responsibilities for this position include: managing appropriations requests;
staffing committee hearings and markups; developing and advancing legislative
priorities; drafting cosponsor and vote recommendations; writing policy memos
and talking points; and working directly with stakeholders and constituents.
This is not an entry-level position and prior Hill experience is strongly preferred.
Candidates must have excellent written and verbal communication skills, be
entrepreneurial and adept at multitasking, and enjoy working as part of a
collaborative team in an active and fast-paced office. The ideal candidate will
have experience working on natural resource and tribal issues in the Pacific
Northwest and a clear understanding of the appropriations process.
Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Washington state ties are a plus but not required.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two short writing samples, three
references, and if willing your best joke,
to Kilmer.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “LAST NAME Natural
Resources LA.”

Page 23 of 28

MEM-080-22

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR –The bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus
(PSC) seeks an innovative, strategic, and experienced communications director
based in Washington, D.C. The staff member in this position proactively
promotes and helps build the Caucus’s national image and manage its press,
social media, website, and communications operations.
The communications director works closely with the executive director, PSC cochairs, and member office staff to carry out assigned duties. This position is
responsible for helping plan, draft, and coordinate communications activities to
advance caucus priorities, including pitching stories, developing social media
content, writing press releases, and maintaining positive working relationships
with members of the media. The communications director organizes Caucus press
conferences, coordinates outside speaking requests, produces caucus-oriented
talking points, and works collaboratively with member offices.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least two years of
previous communications experience, including Capitol Hill experience and
relationships with the congressional press corps. A disposition aligned with the
caucus mission of breaking the gridlock in Congress by promoting bipartisan,
bicameral collaboration and policies is essential.
Candidates must possess strong writing, communication, and organizational
skills, digital and social media savviness, creativity, and the ability to work with
members and their staff under tight deadlines. Candidates should also be familiar
with graphic design, website and social media design, videography, and
constructing and conveying messages to a national audience through print,
television, and digital media.
Salary range for this position is $50,000 to $58,000 plus benefits. The Problem
Solvers Caucus is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, national origin, or military status.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and at least two professional references
to Jaclyn.ODay@mail.house.gov, with the subject line “PSC Communications
Director.”

MEM-069-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks a Press Media
Secretary based in the DC office to work closely with the Communications
Director, based in the district office to develop and execute the Congressman’s
communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and Means, Armed
Services, and Budget committees.
The Press Media Secretary must be and stay up to date with the latest digital,
technical, and social media trends. Able to express the Congressman's voice

Page 24 of 28

creatively and promote social media presence, ensuring high web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines. This position serves as a
part of the Communications team and reports directly to the Director of
Communications based in the district, however, this person will be the main point
of contact in the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
• Acts as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Managing the Congressman’s social media platforms, developing a weekly
content calendar, and drafting rapid response content during breaking news
moments.
• Maintaining the Congressman’s website and drafting new website content
covering key policy issues.
• Preparing daily press clip summaries and monitoring the Congressman’s media
mentions.
• Writing a weekly newsletter, creating digital ads, and participating in other
efforts to keep constituents of Nevada’s Fourth District informed about the work
of a busy Congressional office.
• Helping to plan and staff communications-focused events for the Congressman,
both in-district and in Washington D.C.
• Writing short-form speeches and video scripts and preparing video clips of the
Congressman for public distribution.
• Building relationships with allies and online influencers to amplify
Congressman Horsford’s digital message and expand his online reach.
• Perform all other duties as required
The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work closely with
legislative and district staff. The ideal candidate will have experience in or
interest in learning about aspects of the office’s traditional press operations,
including writing press releases, drafting talking points and speeches, forming
relationships with members of the media, and pitching stories.
This is an ideal position for someone with 1-2 years of communications or digital
experience. Applicants must be passionate about public service, well-organized,
and have the ability to work on weekends and holidays when necessary.
Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other
languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply. Experience

Page 25 of 28

with video editing and graphic design is also a plus. Nevada ties are a plus, but
not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, three writing samples, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Press/Media Secretary” in the subject
line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-594-21

Job Announcement: Field Representative
Southern California Republican Member of the House
Are you looking for an exciting and fast-paced career in public service? A
Southern California Republican has an immediate need to hire a full-time Field
Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to
join our high-energy team.
Basic Functions
The Field Representative serves an important role in the Member’s Congressional
District, acting as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents. They are responsible for strengthening community
relations and assessing casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or
Congressional oversight.
Duties
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative briefs the Member in preparation for district meetings with
constituents and acts as the representative for the Member by attending events
and meetings. This includes public speaking and certificate presentations. The
Field Representative will:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
•Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
•Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
Requirements
•Expertise developing and executing a community relations strategy
•Experience in maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders
•Political savvy and comfort navigating complicated situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including nights and
weekends
•Constituent service oriented; patient empathetic, with a desire to help
Page 26 of 28

constituents
Position Qualifications/Education
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with Orange County is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline
Salary starts at $3,500 per month. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to
Stephanie Hu, District Director
Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-539-21

Nevada’s 4th District Democratic Member of Congress seeks a highly organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for a position in our North Las Vegas,
Nevada District office. Candidates must be comfortable working with the public,
have excellent oral and written communication skills, problem solving abilities.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests, answering
phones, conducting tours, overseeing an active mail program;
•Sorting/batching correspondence, drafting correspondence and ensuring a swift
turnaround time;
•Responding to constituent mail, keeping abreast of legislative developments, and
meeting with constituent groups;
•Assisting District Representatives as needed, and
•Perform all other duties as assigned and required
The ideal candidate will be/must have:
•Passionate about public service and committed to democratic values;
•Strong writing, communication skills and be detail-oriented;
•Have advanced experience with spreadsheets and forms,
•A poised, confident, self-starter, and team-player with a sense of humor; and
•The ability to work in a high-paced environment.
•The ability work weekends and holidays
•Have reliable transportation, auto insurance and a clean driving record
•Currently enrolled in an ungraduated degree program at a college or university
or have a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in the related fields of human services
or social work, and a minimum of one-year relevant experience in community or
human services.

Page 27 of 28

Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Spanish language skills and District ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, one writing sample and
three professional references in a single PDF file. Email submissions to the
Director of Administration, nv04resume@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-DSA-2 __last name, First name".

Page 28 of 28

