________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 5, 2022

MEM-329-22

District Director: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active and visible
constituent services staff.
The District Director must have the ability to provide the necessary organization,
leadership and motivation to manage and direct a very busy constituent services
office. The District Director plans, assigns and evaluates the work of a team of
constituent services representatives, while managing a portfolio of diverse citywide and neighborhood events that relate to the Congresswoman’s congressional
and constituent responsibilities, including staying on top of everyday events in
the Member’s district.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks. The ideal candidate will have a
bachelor’s degree, excellent writing and communication skills, experience
interacting with the public, leadership qualities and managerial experience.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move
immediately to DC if hired.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter and references
to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

Page 1 of 23

MEM-325-22

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Caseworker to join her team in
Waterbury, CT.
Ideal candidates will have prior knowledge of federal agencies; excellent written
and verbal communication skills; strong organizational and time management
skills; a positive attitude; and an ability to work under pressure and meet
deadlines in an fast-paced work environment. Bilingual applicants are preferred.
Duties include:
•Acting as the representative for the Congresswoman within their area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies, persons or groups for effective
relationships for the Congresswoman;
•Informing the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in
their assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
•Handling casework assignments and assesses casework for problems requiring
legislative action and makes recommendations to the District Director and Chief
of Staff;
•Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Congresswoman with constituents;
•Logging incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
•Preparing periodic reports for the Congresswoman and District Director on
pending cases and district activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
•Continually screening active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
•Maintaining up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested
parties should e-mail a concise cover letter including salary requirements and a
resume to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: Full Name
- Caseworker. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-322-22

Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke (NY-09) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be adaptable, creative, dynamic, proactive, and
energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.

Page 2 of 23

The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings. The ideal candidate
will be a strong writer with demonstrated political instincts and solid
relationships with the Capitol Hill press corps.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
Responsibilities include:
•Crafting the office’s communications strategy
•Acting as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Congresswoman
•Writing and/or editing talking points, op-eds, press statements, press releases,
social media, and weekly newsletters on behalf of the Congresswoman
•Working with the Capitol Hill press corps and non-political outlets to book
media appearances and pitch stories
•Overseeing the office’s mass communications/franking program, and working
with the Legislative Correspondent on the office’s mail program
•Overseeing the work of the Press Assistant
•Staying up to date on current events and legislation relevant to the
Congresswoman, her priorities, and her district
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
•New York City/Brooklyn ties are a plus.
•Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
•Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.

Page 3 of 23

Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to ny09resume@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-319-22

The Office of Rep. French Hill (AR02) seeks to fill the position of staff assistant
in the Washington D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
processing mail, greeting visitors, processing flag and tour requests, supporting
the staff’s day to day activities, and assisting with long term projects.
Ideal candidates will have:
-clear communication skills for verbal and written correspondence;
-a professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors
-ability to creatively problems solve in a fast-paced environment;
-time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status.
Arkansas ties are preferred.
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter
to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov, with the subject line ‘Staff Assistant’.

MEM-318-22

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. Please email cover letter and resume
with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
Page 4 of 23

NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-314-22

North Bay legislative office seeking District Scheduler/Office Manager.
Responsibilities include coordinating the Member’s California schedule by
making travel and meeting arrangements while anticipating and responding to
day-to-day developments; serving as the office's primary point of contact for
constituents, elected officials, and nonprofit and advocacy organizations seeking
meetings in the district; coordinating with staff (including field, legislative, and
press) to identify schedule priorities, and then working proactively to make shortand long-term decisions to implement plans; working directly with the District
Director and Member on logistics.
Also responsible for assisting the Capitol office and District Director on
maintaining financial and expense records, and with various administrative
duties, and managing special projects including the district internship program.
Opportunities for additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and
abilities. A successful candidate will be highly organized, detail oriented, possess
strong writing skills, have experience working in a fast-paced office, and the
ability to maintain a professional, flexible, and positive demeanor while
managing multiple and competing tasks and projects.
Please send cover letter and resume to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject like “CA02 District Scheduler/Office Manager.”

MEM-312-22

Congressman Ted Lieu has an immediate opening for a Field Representative in
his Los Angeles District Office.
Primary responsibilities include representing Congressman Lieu at community
events and advising senior staff and the Congressman about local concerns and
priorities. The Field Representative will meet frequently with constituents and
local government representatives, monitor policy and community issues and
projects, and help design and organize events for Congressman Lieu when he is
in the district.
The successful applicant must have a positive attitude and the ability to work and
set priorities in a fast- paced and challenging environment. Strong writing and
verbal communications skills are essential. At least one year of experience
working for an elected official or community-based organization is strongly
preferred. A valid California Driver License and automobile are required.
Bilingual skills are a plus.

Page 5 of 23

The position is full-time with federal benefits. Congressman Lieu’s primary
district office is located in West Los Angeles. This office is an Equal Opportunity
Employer.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, references and two short writing
samples no later than July 12, 2022 to:
NICOLAS RODRIQUEZ
District Director
Congressman Ted Lieu (CA-33) 1645 Corinth Avenue,
#101 Los Angeles, CA 90025
Lieu.Staff@mail.house.gov
MEM-311-22

House Office of Diversity and Inclusion (ODI)
The Junior Research and Data Analyst is primarily responsible for assisting the
Research and Data Analyst in data collection and analysis for ODI. This
individual assists in developing required reports and maintaining key metrics and
key performance indicators for the office. This individual will also assist in
performing qualitative and quantitative analyses under the supervision of ODI’s
Research and Data Analyst.
PRIMARY DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Assist in the translation of research findings into materials that ODI can
effectively utilize in their engagements with Member offices and Committees.
•Provide research support on diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) studies,
techniques, and tools.
•Design and lead focus groups, surveys, and interviews.
•Assist in researching and studying best practices for retention and growth in
House employing offices.
•Assist in data tracking, analysis, and reporting.
•Assist in preparing regular updates and briefing documents on research that is
relevant to House employing offices.
•Other tasks and duties as assigned.
The salary range for the position is $90,000-$95,000, along with a competitive
benefits package that includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan
repayment stipend (terms apply), telework flexibilities (terms apply), and 15
weeks of paid FMLA.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (no
page length required; single author preferred, may submit papers written for
coursework or previous employment). Applications are due by 11:59PM ET on
July 8, 2022.

Page 6 of 23

Equal Opportunity Employer:
This office is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are
encouraged to apply.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Master's degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field, or equivalent
level of experience providing technical assistance, data collection, and/or
research.
•Knowledge, interest, and experience in DEI efforts.
•Strong and demonstrated quantitative and qualitative research and evaluation
skills.
•Demonstrated proficiency in conducting interviews, running focus
groups/surveys, and developing survey instruments.
•Proficiency in detailed and accurate notetaking.
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite and NVivo.
•Expertise using Tableau and producing data visualizations.
•Excellent written and oral communication skills.
•Excellent organizational skills.
•Keen attention to detail.
•Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a diverse
team.
•Ability to work under deadline pressure.
•Ability and willingness to work extra hours if needed on assignment.
•Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
•Extensive computer skills, including data input.
•Ability to handle large datasets and clean data.
•Ability to perform literature reviews.
•Proficiency in statistical packages (e.g., SPSS, Stata, SAS) is optional.
To apply, please visit the following
link: https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/634?c=house
MEM-310-22

House Office of Diversity and Inclusion (ODI)
The Junior Professional Staff Member, Candidate and Member Services,
Minority Staff, is primarily responsible for corresponding with and providing
direct support to House employing offices in the areas of diversity, equity, and
inclusion (DEI) training and applicant placement.
The individual will also be responsible for corresponding with and providing
direct support to candidates (job seekers) by providing applicant coaching and
preparedness services.
This position requires exceptional interpersonal skills, a hospitality-minded
approach to working with the office’s clientele, and excellent organizational skills
Page 7 of 23

and attention to detail. The ideal candidate will have experience working on
Capitol Hill and will bring experience in DEI practices, office administration,
database management, and event planning.
The salary range for the position is $70,000-$75,000, along with a competitive
benefits package that includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan
repayment stipend (terms apply), telework flexibilities (terms apply), and 15
weeks of paid FMLA.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample.
Applications are due by 11:59PM ET on July 8, 2022.
PRIMARY DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Establish effective relationships with House employing offices.
•Drive increased participation by internal House stakeholders and external groups
in ODI programs and services.
•Assist in the creation and maintenance of DEI resource materials (handbook,
best practice documents, etc.) and trainings for dissemination to House
employing offices.
•Organize and maintain a database for candidate selection and placement.
•Conduct weekly meetings with job seekers, including resume reviews and
coaching.
•Conduct weekly mock interviews with job seekers.
•Represent ODI at internal and external engagements as needed.
•Assist the programming team in planning and hosting monthly programs.
•Facilitate DEI trainings with Member and Committee offices.
•Use marketing sources to promote career opportunities for job seekers.
•Develop strategic relationships with external groups to help identify talent
pipelines.
•Other tasks and duties as assigned.
Equal Opportunity Employer:
This office is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are
encouraged to apply.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor’s degree and/or a combination of knowledge and experience in DEI
issues in the public and/or private sectors.
•Experience with computers and a working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite.
•Excellent written and oral communication skills.
•Excellent organizational skills.
•Keen attention to detail.
•Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a diverse
team.
•Ability to work under deadline pressure.
•Ability and willingness to work extra hours if needed on assignment.
Page 8 of 23

•Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
•Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with a diverse cross section of
stakeholders.
To apply, please visit the following
link: https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/635?c=house
MEM-309-22

House Office of Diversity and Inclusion (ODI)
The Junior Professional Staff Member, Candidate and Member Services,
Majority Staff, is primarily responsible for corresponding with and providing
direct support to House employing offices in the areas of diversity, equity, and
inclusion (DEI) training and applicant placement.
The individual will also be responsible for corresponding with and providing
direct support to candidates (job seekers) by providing applicant coaching and
preparedness services.
This position requires exceptional interpersonal skills, a hospitality-minded
approach to working with the office’s clientele, and excellent organizational skills
and attention to detail. The ideal candidate will have experience working on
Capitol Hill and will bring experience in DEI practices, office administration,
database management, and event planning.
The salary range for the position is $70,000-$75,000, along with a competitive
benefits package that includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan
repayment stipend (terms apply), telework flexibilities (terms apply), and 15
weeks of paid FMLA.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample.
Applications are due by 11:59PM ET on July 8, 2022.
PRIMARY DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Establish effective relationships with House employing offices.
•Drive increased participation by internal House stakeholders and external groups
in ODI programs and services.
•Assist in the creation and maintenance of DEI resource materials(handbook, best
practice documents, etc.) and trainings for dissemination to House employing
offices.
•Organize and maintain a database for candidate selection and placement.
•Conduct weekly meetings with job seekers, including resume reviews and
coaching.
•Conduct weekly mock interviews with job seekers.
•Represent ODI at internal and external engagements as needed.
•Assist the programming team in planning and hosting monthly programs.
Page 9 of 23

•Facilitate DEI trainings with Member and Committee offices.
•Use marketing sources to promote career opportunities for job seekers.
•Develop strategic relationships with external groups to help identify talent
pipelines.
•Other tasks and duties as assigned.
Equal Opportunity Employer:
This office is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are
encouraged to apply.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor’s degree and/or a combination of knowledge and experience in DEI
issues in the public and/or private sectors.
•Experience with computers and a working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite.
•Excellent written and oral communication skills.
•Excellent organizational skills.
•Keen attention to detail.
•Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a diverse
team.
•Ability to work under deadline pressure.
•Ability and willingness to work extra hours if needed on assignment.
•Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
•Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with a diverse cross section of
stakeholders.
To apply, please visit the following
link: https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/636?c=house
MEM-306-22

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks two attorneys, one with 2-4 years experience, and one with 5-10 years of
experience, to serve as Investigative Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.
The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.

Page 10 of 23

Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE
•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned

Page 11 of 23

Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-305-22

Office Profile:
The Office of the Legislative Counsel (Office) is a nonpartisan office of the
United States House of Representatives that assists the Members and committees
of the House with the drafting of legislation and related activities. The Office
does not advocate the adoption or rejection of any particular proposal or policy
and provides assistance on an impartial and confidential basis. The Office is an
Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment with the Office is at-will.
Job Summary:
The Assistant Systems Administrator works primarily with the Systems
Administrator and the Senior Systems Analyst of the information technology (IT)
team within the Office. Together, the IT team supports the mission of the Office
through the development, implementation, and maintenance of IT systems
necessary to meet a wide variety of operational requirements.
Duties of the Assistant Systems Administrator include the following:
•Providing first-, second-, and third-tier support to users experiencing software
and hardware issues.
•Imaging, distributing, setting up, and supporting Microsoft systems for users,
including related troubleshooting.
•Creating new users, system accounts, groups, and other security principals in
Active Directory.
•Reading, writing, interpreting, and modifying batch files.
•Installing and positioning IT equipment, including the moving and lifting of such
equipment.
•Communicating information on the status of systems to IT team members, users,
and management.
•Supporting administrative processes to ensure the IT team’s ability to support
users, maintain inventory, track the status of systems, and deploy software.
•Maintaining basic to intermediate troubleshooting and operational knowledge
Page 12 of 23

with respect to all the software implemented within the Office.
•Resolving issues regarding network and internet security.
•Integrating Office systems and operations with the systems and operations of
other House organizations.
•Working, as directed, with House Information Resources server owners on the
management, design, development, building, and maintenance of servers
(including VMware and Windows servers), server applications, and systems
software.
•Communicating with contractors and other external entities who interact with the
Office.
•Escalating problems that merit additional support through the proper channels.
•Additional tasks as assigned.
This position does not include supervisory duties.
Qualifications:
A successful candidate for the position of Assistant Systems Administrator
should possess the following:
Technical abilities:
•Demonstrated technical skills and the ability to develop solutions to complex
technical problems.
•Experience, including basic to intermediate troubleshooting and operational
knowledge, with respect to the following: DNS|DHCP|TCP/IP, Windows Server
2016/2019, Windows 10, Microsoft Office 365, and internet and communication
protocols.
•Experience reading, writing, interpreting, and modifying batch files.
•An understanding of PowerShell.
•An understanding of Hyper-V.
Personal skills:
•A willingness to pursue training, as necessary, to acquire and maximize skills.
•Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to
effectively communicate IT concepts to individuals with varying levels of
experience and knowledge.
•Strong attention to detail.
•Ability to self-start, multitask, and effectively prioritize under tight deadlines.
•Ability to work both independently and cooperatively.
A candidate with one, or more, of the following certifications is encouraged to
apply:
•CompTIA A+
•CompTIA Network+
•CompTIA ITF+
•Microsoft 365 Certified: Fundamentals
•MCSE or equivalent
Requirements:
Page 13 of 23

To be eligible for the position of Assistant Systems Administrator, an applicant
must (1) be a U.S. citizen and (2) have a bachelor’s degree in Management
Information Systems (or similar field) or an equivalent combination of education
and experience.
In addition, a successful applicant must (1) have a willingness to work a flexible
schedule, including late evenings and occasional weekends, given the varying
demands of the congressional schedule, and (2) have an ability to be impartial, in
appearance as well as in fact, on matters of politics and public policy.
Benefits:
Employment with the Office provides access to a wide variety of benefits,
including a three-tiered retirement plan, health insurance, student loan repayment
assistance, life and long-term care insurance, competitively priced on-site
childcare, generous annual and sick leave, weekly telework opportunities, and a
parking space or public transportation assistance.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, a resume, applicable transcripts
and certifications, and the names and telephone numbers of at least 3 references
to legcoun@mail.house.gov with “Assistant Systems Administrator job
opportunity” in the subject line. No phone calls, please.
MEM-300-22

Congressman Mike Garcia (CA-25) seeks an experienced Scheduler.
Main responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules for both DC and the District; organizing and evaluating all incoming
meeting requests and invitations; keeping the Member on schedule throughout the
day; working with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings; coordinating travel arrangements; processing and
managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member; and communicating
with constituents by phone and email to address requests, concerns, and
questions.
Additional responsibilities include other administrative tasks.
Candidates should be highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task,
resourceful, team-oriented, and have a positive attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including
some weekend availability as needed.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Applicants should have previous scheduling
experience (at least one year in a similar position). Salary is commensurate with
experience.

Page 14 of 23

Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume via email
to Charles.navarro@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler” in the subject line.
MEM-298-22

The office of Congresswoman Suzan DelBene (D-WA) seeks a dynamic press
assistant/staff assistant with strong digital media skills.
Press assistant tasks include sending daily clips, developing social media content,
drafting press materials, and assisting in other aspects of the team’s fast-paced
media operation. Strong writing skills with expertise and passion for digital
media are required. Staff assistant duties include maintaining the front office,
overseeing tours and flag requests, and ensuring day-to-day operations run
smoothly. Hill experience and Washington state ties are a plus. If you have salary
requirements, please include them in your application.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Diverse candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. Please mention any Pacific Northwest ties in your cover letter.
To apply, please send your cover letter, resume, and two 1-2 page writing
samples or a digital portfolio to Washington.Resumes@mail.house.gov and put
“Press Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-291-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
Page 15 of 23

This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
•Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
•Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
•Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
•Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-289-22

Legislative Assistant Opening -- Congresswoman Lois Frankel (FL-21) is hiring
a Legislative Assistant to support her work as Co-Chair of the Democratic
Women’s Caucus (DWC), and cover a range of issues on the Appropriations
Committee, including the Energy & Water Subcommittee, transportation,
housing, judiciary, and other areas as assigned based on need and expertise.
Applicant must be comfortable working in a fast-paced and team-oriented
environment. Excellent writing skills, ability to build and maintain relationships,
and attention to detail are required. This is not an entry-level position. Previous
experience with the Hill and the Appropriations process is strongly preferred.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
Salary will start at $65,000, depending on experience, and includes health
insurance along with other competitive benefits. Please email a cover letter and
Page 16 of 23

resume with the subject line “Legislative Assistant”
to FLJobOpening@mail.house.gov. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling
basis.
MEM-284-22

Republican House Member seeks experienced candidates for the role of
Scheduler. A successful candidate will demonstrate a keen attention to detail and
adapt well.
Primary responsibilities will include intaking and organizing all meeting requests,
updating the Member’s calendar, and managing quick-to-evolve travel
arrangements. Qualified candidates must have relevant scheduling or front-office
experience, preferably on Capitol Hill.
Interested candidates should send their resume
to: housegopscheduler@gmail.com.

MEM-283-22

Congresswoman Doris Matsui (D-CA-06) seeks a Legislative Assistant to focus
on a portfolio of energy, environment, and climate.
This position will handle the Congresswoman’s Energy and Commerce Energy
Subcommittee work and her role as co-chair of the House Sustainable Energy and
Environment Coalition (SEEC) and co-chair of the SEEC Nature and Oceans
Task Force. The portfolio will be focused on natural climate solutions, clean
energy, clean transportation, environmental justice, and energy equity policy; it
will also likely include women’s issues, immigration work, and potentially a few
other issues.
This is not an entry-level position. Hill experience is strongly preferred. The
office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority applicants are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com. Please use “Energy/Enviro LA” as the
subject.

MEM-281-22

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-53) is looking for an ambitious
and detail- oriented Communications Director based in Washington, D.C.
The Communications Director will be responsible for developing and
implementing media, communications, and public relations strategies on behalf
of Congresswoman Jacobs and her office. The ideal candidate will be a strong
writer with demonstrated political instincts, solid relationships with the Capitol

Page 17 of 23

Hill press corps, an interest in non-traditional methods of communication, and an
aversion to conventional wisdom.
California ties are helpful; good judgment, common sense, and a sense of humor
are a must. The position reports to the Congresswoman and Chief of Staff.
Responsibilities include:
•Crafting the office’s communications strategy
•Acting as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Congresswoman
•Writing and/or editing talking points, op-eds, press statements, press releases,
social media, and weekly newsletters on behalf of the Congresswoman
•Working with the Capitol Hill press corps and non-political outlets to book
media appearances and pitch stories
•Overseeing the office’s mass communications/franking program, and working
with the Legislative Correspondent on the office’s mail program
•Overseeing the work of the Communications Aide in the District Office and the
Digital Assistant in the Washington, D.C. office
•Staying up to date on current events and legislation relevant to the
Congresswoman, her priorities, and her district
•Working a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, writing sample and/or portfolio,
and resume with “Jacobs - Communications Director” in the subject line
to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, with priority given to earlier applicants.
The Office of Congresswoman Jacobs is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status.
MEM-278-22

The office of Congressman Dan Kildee is seeking an organized and creative
communications professional to join the Washington, D.C. team.
The digital/press assistant will assist the press secretary in all aspects of the
office’s robust communications operation for a Member of Democratic
leadership.
Qualified candidates will have one to two years of political, campaign or
advocacy communications experience. Successful candidates will be
collaborative team players who enjoy taking initiative, solving problems and
thinking creatively. Michigan ties are a plus.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Maintain the Member’s social media accounts
•Develop, plan, and post social media content
•Create graphics, film and edit photos and videos, including clipping, captioning
Page 18 of 23

and adding branding
•Compile daily press clips
•Stay informed about relevant legislative issues and current events in the district
•Manage Member’s website
•Maintain press lists, robust photo archive and analytics trackers
•Assist with logistics for town halls, press conferences, etc.
•Write e-newsletters, press releases and media advisories
•Support franked mail and digital communications campaigns
•Work flexible schedule, including long hours, nights and weekends as necessary,
and perform other duties as assigned
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills
•Experience using Adobe Suite, Canva, Wavve and Kapwing or equivalent digital
products to create graphics, videos, and other digital content
•Understanding of print, broadcast, and digital media
•Experience developing social media content and managing platforms for clients
or cause
•Proficiency in constituent management platforms, such as IQ, preferred
•Strong organizational skills, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
•Command of AP style
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Ability to work well under pressure, manage multiple deadlines and accept
performance-based criticism and direction
Applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, one writing sample, one sample
social post and one digital/creative sample to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com with
the subject line “Digital/Press Assistant.” Digital portfolios or websites also
accepted for creative samples.
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation, gender
identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-265-22

Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized, and
professional individual to serve in the role of Staff Assistant.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, possess excellent
communication and time-management skills, the ability to exercise sound,
independent judgment, and the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with
others.

Page 19 of 23

Additional daily tasks include answering phones, processing mail, assisting with
constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, and other administrative
duties supporting the Member and staff as needed.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter
to staffassistant2022@yahoo.com. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
MEM-231-22

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-208-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks an experienced
Communications Director based in the DC office to develop and execute the
Congressman’s communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and
Means, Armed Services, and Budget committees.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to Congressman Horsford and will supervise the work of
Page 20 of 23

junior communications staff. They will be responsible for executing an
aggressive communications plan that generates positive local and national media
coverage, reaches diverse communities, and expands the Congressman’s reach to
new audiences.
Responsibilities include but is not limited to:
•Working with Congressman Horsford, the Chief of Staff, the Deputy Chief of
Staff, and the District Director to develop strategic messaging priorities.
•Managing all day-to-day external communications from the office, including
press releases, remarks, floor speeches, interview memos, newsletters, op-eds,
and social media.
•Proactively identifying opportunities to expand Congressman Horsford’s local
and national media profile and working closely with the Congressional Black
Caucus, the House Labor Caucus, and other affiliated caucuses on shared
priorities.
•Pitching stories to local and national press and planning press conferences, press
calls, and other press events.
•Developing a strategic plan and budget for all communications programs.
•Designing and implementing a creative digital communications program,
including both paid advertising and organic social media. The Communications
Director will also be responsible for keeping the Congressman’s website up-todate.
•Overseeing franked communications and a robust 499 program.
This is not an entry-level position, and candidates must have previous press
experience on or off Capitol Hill. Strong oral and written communications skills
are required. Prior experience managing franked communications is a plus.
The ideal candidate must be collaborative, creative, energetic, detail-oriented,
able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fastpaced and demanding setting.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Experience with video editing and graphic design is also a plus and Nevada ties a
plus.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three writing samples, and three
professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.

Page 21 of 23

MEM-149-22

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active and
visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework distribution;
answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings, condolences and
congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities may also include
casework assignments if the District Director finds that the staff assistant can take
on such work while paying the required attention to his/her already assigned
tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting, training,
scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move
immediately to D.C., if hired.
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov

MEM-069-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks a Press Media
Secretary based in the DC office to work closely with the Communications
Director, based in the district office to develop and execute the Congressman’s
communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and Means, Armed
Services, and Budget committees.
The Press Media Secretary must be and stay up to date with the latest digital,
technical, and social media trends. Able to express the Congressman's voice
creatively and promote social media presence, ensuring high web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines. This position serves as a
part of the Communications team and reports directly to the Director of
Communications based in the district, however, this person will be the main point
of contact in the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
• Acts as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Managing the Congressman’s social media platforms, developing a weekly
content calendar, and drafting rapid response content during breaking news
moments.
• Maintaining the Congressman’s website and drafting new website content
covering key policy issues.

Page 22 of 23

• Preparing daily press clip summaries and monitoring the Congressman’s media
mentions.
• Writing a weekly newsletter, creating digital ads, and participating in other
efforts to keep constituents of Nevada’s Fourth District informed about the work
of a busy Congressional office.
• Helping to plan and staff communications-focused events for the Congressman,
both in-district and in Washington D.C.
• Writing short-form speeches and video scripts and preparing video clips of the
Congressman for public distribution.
• Building relationships with allies and online influencers to amplify
Congressman Horsford’s digital message and expand his online reach.
• Perform all other duties as required
The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work closely with
legislative and district staff. The ideal candidate will have experience in or
interest in learning about aspects of the office’s traditional press operations,
including writing press releases, drafting talking points and speeches, forming
relationships with members of the media, and pitching stories.
This is an ideal position for someone with 1-2 years of communications or digital
experience. Applicants must be passionate about public service, well-organized,
and have the ability to work on weekends and holidays when necessary.
Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other
languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply. Experience
with video editing and graphic design is also a plus. Nevada ties are a plus, but
not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, three writing samples, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Press/Media Secretary” in the subject
line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.

Page 23 of 23

