________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 6, 2024

MEM-188-24

Representative Dina Titus seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant to manage
both her DC and district schedule.
This individual works closely with the Chief of Staff and District Director on a
broad range of scheduling and executive operations including tracking,
evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests,
coordinating travel, and managing all aspects of the Congresswoman’s daily and
long-term schedule. The ideal candidate will exercise discretion and
confidentiality, remain calm under pressure, and be able to collaborate and
communicate well with a large DC and State staff.
Previous administrative or scheduling experience preferred. Candidates should
also have the desire to join a highly-collaborative, action-oriented team. The
office seeks a staff that reflects the diversity of the country. Women, veterans,
people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
To Apply: Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter
to NV01jobs@gmail.com with "Application: Scheduler” in the subject line.”

MEM-187-24

“Congresswoman Dina Titus (D-NV-1) is seeking an experienced
Communications Director to lead media efforts in a fast-paced Washington,
D.C. office.
Page 1 of 18

We are looking for a self-starting professional with a strong background in
political communications, media relations, and social media management. The
ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of both national and local media
and be capable of developing and implementing strategic communication and
digital plans. This is not an entry-level position, and a successful candidate must
have 2-5 years of communications experience in a relevant setting.
Key Responsibilities:
•Strategic Communications: Develop and execute strategic communication plans
in collaboration with senior staff and the legislative team, ensuring alignment
with the Congresswoman's priorities and legislative initiatives.
•Media Relations: Cultivate and maintain strong relationships with local and
national print, radio, and broadcast media professionals.
•Media Outreach: Successfully pitch the Congresswoman to both local and
national TV, radio, and print media, positioning her effectively on key issues.
•Event Planning: Plan and manage press conferences, tele-townhalls, roundtables,
and other events in both Washington, D.C., and the district.
•Media Engagement: Prepare, brief, and accompany the Congresswoman for
media interviews, press conferences, roundtables, and other public engagements.
•Content Creation: Draft talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds, and
other materials in the Congresswoman's voice.
•Social Media Management: Manage the Congresswoman's social media
presence, including drafting engaging content, clipping interviews, and creating
graphics for various platforms.
•Website Maintenance: Ensure that the office website features timely and relevant
content.
•Current Affairs: Stay informed about current news and legislative issues that
may impact the Congresswoman's work.
Qualifications:
•Exceptional Communication Skills: Strong writing, editing, and proofreading
skills.
•Media Proficiency: Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media.
•Experience: 2-5 years of experience in developing communication strategy for
elected officials, government agencies, non-profit organizations, or similar
entities.
•Team Player: Expertise in advising others on communication strategy and the
ability to work effectively with a team and Member of Congress.
•Deadline-Oriented: Capable of producing communications materials under tight
deadlines.
•Strategic Thinker: Politically savvy and skilled at navigating challenging
situations with the press and staff.
•Adaptability: Ability to work flexible hours, including long hours, nights, and
weekends, as needed.
•Constructive Feedback: Willingness to accept performance-based criticism and
direction.
Page 2 of 18

•Relationship Building: Ability to maintain positive working relationships with
the Congresswoman, staff, and media professionals.
Equal Opportunity Employer: Our office is committed to promoting diversity and
inclusivity. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender
identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military
status.
To Apply: Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two
writing samples to NV01jobs@gmail.com with "Application: Rep. Titus
Communications Director" in the subject line.”
MEM-186-24

Counsel for the Minority on the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Courts, IP,
and the Internet
The Democratic Staff on the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on
Courts, IP, and the Internet, seeks a dedicated and hard-working lawyer with a
minimum of 5 years of relevant legal experience on the Hill to serve as a
subcommittee counsel, reporting to the chief counsel for the subcommittee.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Committee on matters of law and policy within the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction;
drafting legislation; preparing hearings; drafting statements, memos, and briefing
materials; and providing guidance to Democratic House offices on matters of
constitutional and civil rights law. The counsel will be responsible for handling
assignments in a range of issue areas, including artificial intelligence policy,
patent law, and administration of the courts matters.
The successful candidate must demonstrate exceptional writing and legal research
skills, a strong work ethic, a professional temperament, and the ability to work on
novel and complex matters under time and other pressures. Such a candidate must
also be able to work collaboratively with a broad range of personalities. In
addition, sound political judgment, prior legislative or policy experience, a
substantive background in civil rights or constitutional law, and a demonstrated
commitment to public service are strongly preferred. A sense of humor is a plus.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population. The Committee strongly encourages women and members
of historically disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The Committee does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to Job.JDEM@mail.house.gov. Please include “Courts, IP, and the Internet
Counsel” in the subject line.
Page 3 of 18

MEM-184-24

Staff Assistant / Legislative Correspondent – Rep. Susie Lee (D-NV)
Congresswoman Susie Lee (D-NV), a Battleground Member of the
Appropriations and Natural Resources Committees, seeks a Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent (SA/LC) to join her Washington, D.C.
office.
The SA/LC will be responsible for the office’s front office operations, constituent
correspondence program, internship program, various legislative department
processes, driving the Congresswoman as needed, and other tasks as assigned.
The SA/LC will report to the Legislative Director.
•Front office management responsibilities include maintaining a clean and
welcoming lobby and Member office, ensuring prompt service for visitors and
callers, maintaining office supplies, executing tour and flag requests, and other
administrative tasks as assigned.
•Constituent correspondence responsibilities include batching phone and mail
correspondence, writing letter responses, and managing a high-volume mail
program. Familiarity with Intranet Quorum software is a plus.
•Internship program responsibilities include intern hiring, training, and day-today management.
•Legislative process responsibilities include processing legislative requests,
drafting memos and briefing materials, maintaining legislative records, and other
work supporting the legislative team.
•Driving responsibilities include transporting the member to/from the airport and
various events as needed.
Applicants must have a valid driver’s license and strong driving skills. Access to
a registered vehicle is a plus. The position requires the individual to be available
for flexible work hours, including some mornings and evenings.
Qualified candidates should be capable of managing time effectively and
maintaining attention to detail in a fast-paced work environment. Strong
interpersonal and communication skills, a can-do attitude, and team-first
mentality are required. The office is committed to professional development and
seeks candidates who are coachable and eager to learn. Nevada ties are a plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Qualified candidates should submit in PDF format a cover letter, resume, three
references (including name, title, org, phone, email, and relationship) and one
writing sample to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full
Name – SA/LC.”
Page 4 of 18

MEM-183-24

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel is responsible for reviewing and
certifying a large volume of Financial Disclosure Reports, providing legal advice
on financial disclosure related matters, providing education and training to
Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person
meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate sensitive matters that arise before the
Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable:
government ethics, ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment
management, taxation, corporate finance, and securities law. The salary range for
this position is $136,780 and $145,604 per annum.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-182-24

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking a Legislative
Assistant to handle a broad portfolio centered around health, seniors, Social
Security, reproductive justice, women’s rights, and environmental issues. The
ideal candidate will possess strong strategic thinking, planning and execution
skills. Additionally, candidates should have strong oral and written
communication skills and the ability to work well in a fast-paced work
environment.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Advancing current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
building support, legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials,
such as speeches, policy memos, and factsheets;
●Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for relevant committee hearing and
markups, including drafting hearing remarks and questions, preparing
amendments and talking points;
●Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
●Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and
Committee offices; and
●Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
●3 - 5 years of relevant experience including policy development and analysis;
issue advocacy; and strategic planning;
Page 5 of 18

●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●Excellent writing and time management skills;
●Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
appropriate for the office;
●Previous Hill experience strongly preferred;
●Poised, level-headed, flexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.
Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
references in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Assistant: [Applicant’s First and Last Name]” in the subject line. No calls or
drop-ins please.
MEM-180-24

Congressman Steven Horsford’s District Office is seeking to hire a full-time
District Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team.
Job Summary:
Under the supervision of the District Director, the District Representative acts as
the representative for the Member. District Representative responsibilities include
strengthening relationships with key stakeholders, as well as attending
engagements on behalf of the Member. Caseworker responsibilities include
helping constituents resolve problems with federal agencies through written and
verbal communication.
Responsibilities:
Outreach Responsibilities:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals.
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities.
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders.
•Organize and participate in community events, town halls, and outreach
campaigns to engage constituents.
Casework Responsibilities:
•Act as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility,
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies.
•Handle casework assignments and assess casework for problems requiring
legislative action, making recommendations to the District Director and Chief of
Page 6 of 18

Staff.
•Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents.
Communications and Professionalism:
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents.
•Accept performance-based criticism and directions.
•Work well under pressure and handle stress.
•Work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
•Perform other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
•Political knowledge and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer
service manners; public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional
nights, weekends and some holidays.
Benefits:
•Comprehensive health insurance coverage, including medical, dental, and vision
plans.
•Paid annual and sick leave.
•Thrift Savings Plan Retirement program.
•Student Loan Repayment.
•Health and Wellness programs.
•Transit Benefits.
•House Professional Development programs.
•Employee purchasing/government discounts
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with District 4 community is preferred.
Application Instructions:
This is a full-time position based in the North Las Vegas district office. Salary is
competitive and commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, individuals
with disabilities, and veteran
are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples
(no longer than two pages) and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with "District Representative,” [Last Name,
First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.

Page 7 of 18

MEM-178-24

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic Staff) seeks
a Labor Policy Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering labor law.
Candidates should have familiarity with the National Labor Relations Act, the
Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act, labor enforcement provisions
in trade agreements, and employment arbitration.
Candidates should also have knowledge of the National Labor Relations Board
(NLRB), the Department of Labor’s Office of Labor-Management Standards
(OLMS) and the International Labor Affairs Bureau (ILAB). Applicants should
have a law degree and experience working with an organization, Congress, or
government agency related to labor law.
Duties will include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical
assistance to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues,
preparing written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution
of committee proceedings and events related to labor law. This is not an entry
level position; three to five years of experience are strongly preferred.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Labor Policy Counsel” in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-177-24

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic Staff) seeks
a Civil Rights Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering civil rights issues
in employment.
Candidates should have familiarity with employment federal civil rights laws,
such as Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963 and Title 42, Chapter 21 of the U.S.
Code. Knowledge of the EEOC, OFCCP and federal statutes and policies and
how they impact civil rights in employment and health care is preferred.
Applicants should have a law degree and experience working with an
organization, Congress, or government agency addressing civil rights.
Duties will include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical
assistance to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues,
preparing written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution
of committee proceedings and events related to civil rights. This is not an entry
level position; three to five years of experience are strongly preferred.

Page 8 of 18

To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Civil Rights Counsel" in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-174-24

Congresswoman Val Hoyle (D-OR-04) seeks a self-starting, highly experienced,
and creative Communications Director to join her Washington, D.C. office and
lead a fast-paced communications team.
The ideal candidate will have familiarity with national press, the House franking
process, and will work closely with the Deputy Chief of Staff/District Director,
Legislative Director, and report to the Chief of Staff to set the Congresswomen’s
messaging priorities. This position will be the direct supervisor of the Press
Secretary and any Press Interns. This is not an entry-level position.
Essential Job Functions Required
1.Develops and implements strategic communications plans for the office,
including working closely with the legislative team to develop media strategies to
roll out legislation, send letters, and make other major announcements
2.Successfully and consistently pitches the Congresswoman to both local and
national TV, radio, and print media
3.Helps plan and staffs DC- and district-based events such as press conferences,
tele-townhalls, and roundtables, etc.
4.Prepares for, brief, and staffs the Congresswoman for media interviews, press
conferences, roundtables, and other engagements;
5.Drafts talking points, speeches, press releases, op-eds and other materials, as
necessary, and in the Congresswoman’s voice;
6.Speaks on background with reporters and act as a media liaison for the
Congresswoman;
7.Helps manage social media presence, this includes drafting social media copy,
clipping interviews, and creating graphics to circulate across platforms;
8.Maintains and updates office website to ensure that it features timely content;
9.Serves as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
10.Develops and implements media, communications, and public relations
strategy for the Member;
11.Oversees digital media, website and other communications consultant;
12.Remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which
the Member may be questioned;
13.Evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the nation for
their impact on the Member;
14.Provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's actions
and legislative activities;
15.Creates official digital ads and other graphics;
Page 9 of 18

16.Writes speeches for the Member;
17.Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
18.Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, media, and
constituents;
19.Works well under pressure and handles stress;
20.Supervises Press Secretary and any assigned Press Interns;
21.Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
22.Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
23.Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications/Skills
1.Exceptionally strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
2.Deep understanding of print, broadcast, and online media;
3.Understanding of House franking process and regulations;
4.Experience with digital communications, including paid ads and analytics
reports;
5.Background in graphic design, including graphics, videos, CANVA or Adobe
Suite preferred;
6.Experience developing communication strategy for a Member of Congress, an
elected official, a federal agency, or a private or non-profit organization;
7.Expertise in advising others on a communication strategy and ability to work
well on a team;
8.Able to make split-second decisions and develop communications under tight
deadlines;
9.Strategic thinker, politically savvy and comfortable navigating difficult
situations with press and staff; and
10.Time management skills, ability to work under pressure, and comfortable
balancing multiple responsibilities at once.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression,
pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, marital status, parental status,
military status, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter.
Working Conditions
1.Work is performed in an office environment. A hybrid work arrangement
involving telecommuting may also be approved, consistent with the needs of the
office.
2.Noise levels in the office are usually moderate.
3.Ability to work in a small workstation without expectation of privacy.
Education/Experience
At least three-years of political and/or communications experience with strong
academic credentials. Alternatively, four-years of related experience or training in
communications or equivalent similar experience. Experience working in
Page 10 of 18

Congress is preferred.
The Office is accepting resumes until COB Friday, May 3, 2024. We will review
them on a rolling basis. Please have them send a resume and cover letter
to resumes.hoyle@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Communications
Director Opening. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-173-24

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking a
Research Assistant for the Subcommittee on Technology Modernization.
This position will support the Subcommittee Staff Director and Professional Staff
Member in conducting oversight of the Department of Veterans Affairs’ (VA)
enterprise technology programs and projects, including Electronic Health Record
Modernization, as well its information technology operations. The role involves
administrative assistance, research, some policy work, and other duties as
assigned. Prior congressional experience (permanent or intern) is required. Prior
federal agency experience is beneficial. Subject matter expertise is not required.
Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. This is a full-time, on-site position in
Washington, DC. Some domestic travel is required.
Core Responsibilities:
•Provide administrative assistance including answering the phone and responding
to phone and email inquiries, reviewing incoming correspondence and
documents, maintaining Subcommittee records, scheduling meetings, supporting
hearings, and other administrative duties as assigned.
•Assisting with oversight including organizing and participating in meetings,
drafting memos, reading documents, summarizing documents and meetings orally
and in writing, limited domestic travel, and other oversight duties as assigned.
•Conducting research to support oversight and legislative activities by searching
for and compiling documents and information.
•Assisting with legislation in a limited capacity including reading and tracking
pending and enacted legislation.
•Representing the Committee in a limited capacity including meeting with other
congressional staff, veteran service organizations, technical organizations, and
external stakeholders.
•Perform other duties as assigned by the Subcommittee Staff Director, Committee
Staff Director, or Committee Deputy Staff Director.
Qualifications:
•Undergraduate degree
•Congressional experience (permanent or intern)
•Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply
•Graduate-level writing skills
•Excellent oral communication skills
•Thoroughness and attention to detail
•Problem solving skills
Page 11 of 18

•Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and
courteous
•Work independently as well as in teams
•This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
•Some domestic travel is required.
Benefits (as eligible):
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Student Loan Repayment Program
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates should send their cover letter and resume
to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Technology Modernization Research
Assistant” in the subject line. Writing samples and references may be requested.
No calls or walk-ins, please.
What to Expect Next:
Your cover letter and resume will be reviewed to determine if you are among the
top candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an
interview.
MEM-171-24

The Office of Congresswoman Robin Kelly (IL-02), member of the Energy &
Commerce Committee, seeks an experienced Communications Director to join
her Washington, D.C. office.
The Communications Director will be responsible for developing and executing a
robust communications strategy to maximize the Member’s visibility in the
district; drafting press releases, statements, speeches, newsletters, and talking
points; maintaining relationships and booking interviews with national and local
press outlets; pitching stories and responding to reporter inquiries; managing a
press team; assisting with social media; and other duties as assigned.

Page 12 of 18

Candidates should have previous communications experience, possess
exceptional writing skills, have proficiency in photo and video editing and
graphic design tools, and be organized. Candidates should be detail-oriented and
highly motivated to serve on an active team. Illinois or Midwest ties are a plus.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender
identity), disability, age, or national origin.
To apply, send via email including a resume, cover letter, and a 2-3 page writing
sample to IL02Staff.Resume@mail.house.gov with the following subject line:
“Full Name – Communications Director.” This is not an introductory level
position. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis until the position is
filled.
MEM-169-24

Congressman Frank Pallone seeks an experienced Communications Director to
serve in his Washington, D.C. personal office.
This position will develop communications plans, maintain relationships with
reporters, create in-district press events, and prepare written materials, including
speeches, talking points, newsletters, and op-eds. The ability to collaborate with
committee colleagues to advance local communications priorities is key. Highlyqualified candidates will demonstrate on-the-record experience, creativity with
social media platforms, and experience with Franked outreach, including direct
mail, teletown halls, texting, and phone surveys. Ties to New Jersey are a plus.
Please send your resume and a cover letter that references Bruce Springsteen
to NJ06Resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-168-24

Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks an experienced legislative staffer for the
Member’s D.C. office who has a background in matters before the House
Homeland Security, Judiciary, and Appropriations Committees. Candidates with
a J.D. or another advanced degree are strongly encouraged to apply, and
experience working as a legislative assistant, legislative aide, or similar
permanent staffer for a minimum of two years is required.
The ideal candidate is a well-informed student of politics and government who
possesses a working knowledge of current events and a diverse array of issues.
We seek a strong writer with a track record of successfully developing and
implementing legislative strategy, preparing, and staffing the principal for
committee hearings and markups, and managing a broad policy portfolio. Ideally,
the candidate would also have a successful track record of project management
related to a Member’s legislative and in-district priorities.
Responsibilities include preparing the Member for committee hearings, markups,
briefings, stakeholder meetings, and other engagements; developing and drafting
Page 13 of 18

bills, amendments, letters, policy statements, talking points, floor speeches, opeds, memos, and reports; planning and organizing briefings and other events;
managing relationships with local, state, and national stakeholders and
institutions; tracking legislation relevant to the Member’s District or policy
priorities; preparing vote recommendations; building coalitions of diverse,
bipartisan stakeholders to advance legislative priorities; and assisting
organizations and constituents in the District with regard to federal matters.
The successful candidate’s title, including the possibility of senior legislative
assistant / counsel, and pay will be commensurate with work experience.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and lasting from the ground up, particularly for a Member of Congress
who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff.
Please submit a cover letter; a resume, including two to three references; and a
writing sample to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Assistant” We will accept applications until the position is filled.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-166-24

Rep. Joe Courtney (D-CT-2) is seeking a Scheduler/Operations Manager in a
team-oriented office. Applicants must have exceptional organizational skills,
attention to detail, and an ability to manage competing demands and deadlines.
Responsibilities include:
1.Managing all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term schedule in
Washington, including intaking, evaluating, and scheduling meeting requests,
updating and ensuring accuracy of member’s calendar, and coordinating travel
arrangements and day-to-day logistics.
2.Working with legislative and press staff to ensure member is prepared for
engagements.
3.Managing member personal correspondence and records.
4.Interfacing with government agencies, Congressional offices, and outside
organizations on behalf of the Member
5.Working with staff to coordinate staff-level meetings and manage office
meeting space.
6.Coordinating office internship program
This is not an entry-level position. Previous scheduling experience required and
1-3 years of prior work experience desired. The ideal candidate for this position is
detail-oriented and proactive, possesses strong communication skills, a selfstarter, has good managerial instincts, and can thrive in a collaborative
Page 14 of 18

environment. Valid driver’s license and access to a vehicle preferred;
Connecticut/New England ties, prior Capitol Hill experience, and good sense of
humor are all plusses. Salary and title commensurate with experience.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to CT02JOB@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Scheduler Application”
MEM-161-24

The Democratic Staff on the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on
Administrative State, Regulatory Reform, and Antitrust, seeks a dedicated and
hard-working lawyer with a minimum of 5 years of professional legal experience
to serve as a subcommittee counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Committee on matters of law and policy within the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction;
drafting legislation; preparing hearings; drafting statements, memos, and briefing
materials; and providing guidance to Democratic House offices on matters of
constitutional and civil rights law. The counsel will be responsible for handling
assignments in a range of issue areas, including administrative law, bankruptcy
law, and antitrust and competition matters.
The successful candidate must demonstrate exceptional writing and legal research
skills, a strong work ethic, a professional temperament, and the ability to work on
novel and complex matters under time and other pressures. Such a candidate must
also be able to work collaboratively with a broad range of personalities. In
addition, sound political judgment, prior legislative or policy experience, a
substantive background in civil rights or constitutional law, and a demonstrated
commitment to public service are strongly preferred. A sense of humor is a plus.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population. The Committee strongly encourages women and members
of historically disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The Committee does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Antitrust Counsel” in the subject
line.

MEM-159-24

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for an investigative counsel position.

Page 15 of 18

The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members
and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position
which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from
political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas
is desirable: government ethics; campaign finance; criminal law; employment
law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil
litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and
financial accounting. The salary range for this position is $136,780 and $145,604.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel”
in the subject line.
MEM-155-24

DIGITAL DIRECTOR OR PRESS SECRETARY
Rep. Tokuda (HI-02) seeks an energetic person to join her communications team
in her Washington, D.C. office. This individual will work closely with the
Communications Director who works in Honolulu. Candidates must have
experience in digital media and video editing and will be responsible for
managing multiple digital media accounts. This position will also assist with
press releases and inquiries, speeches, and mass communications.
Essential Skills Include:
•Strong writing and editing skills with attention to detail
•Creative graphic production
•Ability to multi-task and work quickly under pressure
•Patience, flexibility, and a sense of humor
Candidate must also be able to work occasionally on weekends and evenings.
Interested parties should email a cover letter, resume, writing sample, sample
social media posts, and two references to Hawaii02jobs@gmail.com

MEM-135-24

PRESS SECRETARY- The Office of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03)
seeks an experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates
must be able to manage media relations, press opportunities, and messaging for a
senior member of Congress. This role reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active
relationships with top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience
will receive preferred consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.

Page 16 of 18

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations,
messaging, and risk management.
•Advance press events and staff the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current
relationships with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the office’s larger
communications strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who
does not discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex
(including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation,
marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee
organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit
factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as candidates from
underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
Page 17 of 18

•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Page 18 of 18

