House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 26, 2020

MEM-152-20

Representative Spanberger seeks a Staff Assistant for her Washington, D.C.
office. Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly
organized, detail-oriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal
skills, and ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates must demonstrate excellent “people skills,” most importantly
displaying compassion in all interactions, and a strong commitment to
providing outstanding constituent service.
The ideal candidate should: be able to think on their feet, be a problem-solver,
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multi-task, demonstrate
excellent oral and written skills, maintain a positive demeanor, and
demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
Primary responsibilities include: managing the front office, including
answering, appropriately logging, and directing telephone calls; greeting
visitors; monitoring office deliveries; distributing hard and electronic mail;
and other administrative duties.

Page 1 of 5

The Staff Assistant will also serve as the office tour coordinator and will be
responsible for managing constituent requests for Capitol and White House
tours, as well as constituent requests for flags flown over the Capitol.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The
office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information,
disability, or uniformed service.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and a 1-page writing sample to
spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until June 1.
MEM-151-20

The House Financial Services Committee Majority staff seeks a creative and
detail-oriented Deputy Communications Director or Press Secretary
(depending on qualifications) with strong media relations and writing skills to
be a core part of a four-person communications team carrying out the
Committee’s communications strategy on behalf of the Chairwoman.
Responsibilities include but aren’t limited to developing press releases,
talking points and written materials; developing content for the Committee’s
website and digital platforms; developing and maintaining relationships with
national, local, political and minority-focused media; and proactively pitching
members of the press on Committee initiatives.
This is not an entry-level position. Ideal candidates will have prior Capitol
Hill or advocacy experience and knowledge of the legislative process; strong
oral, writing and proofreading skills; and a positive approach to a busy and
fast-paced work environment. Evening and weekend work is expected.
The Committee is an equal opportunity employer. Women and minority
candidates are encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to
fscdemresumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-148-20

DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE – Thousand Oaks, CA
Member of Congress seeks an energetic and self-motivated individual to serve
as a District Representative in an active Congressional district office. Duties
include representing the Member of Congress in the community, maintaining
positive relationships with constituents, other local elected officials, and
business and community leaders and organizations.

Page 2 of 5

Additionally, this individual is also responsible for handling constituent
casework in their assigned issue areas, which includes answering casework
correspondence, meeting with constituents, communicating with constituents,
and serving as a liaison with federal and local agencies.
Candidates must be able to work quickly in a high pressure environment,
meet very tight deadlines, and have exceptional writing and organizational
skills. Fluent in Spanish and Ventura County ties are a plus but not required.
Must be available, as necessary, to work evenings and/or weekend hours.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing
samples to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with just “District Representative” in
the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply.
MEM-147-20

Communications Director — Active, hard-working Democratic member of
Illinois congressional delegation seeks Communications Director for a fastpaced office.
Responsibilities include planning and implementing communications strategy
across a broad portfolio, working closely with legislative and district staff to
effectively communicate the Member’s message, handling daily media
inquiries, maintaining relationships with national, Chicago, and local
reporters, writing talking points and press releases, pitching op-eds,
overseeing paid constituent outreach (franking) budget, managing website,
producing videos and social media content, and planning and promoting press
events in DC and the district.
Ideal applicants will have previous communications and/or Capitol Hill
experience, strong writing and oral communication skills, the ability to
multitask and prioritize under pressure, and be team players with a good sense
of humor. Women, veterans and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
Spanish fluency is a plus.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a writing sample as one attachment to
ILCongressional.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-145-20

The office of U.S. Congresswoman Katie Porter seeks a
digital/communications professional to be based in her Orange County
office. The ideal candidate is highly motivated and detail-oriented, with
experience in digital media strategy, graphic design, and video editing.
The Digital Director/Press Secretary will be responsible for drafting
statements, releases, social media copy, and advisories; staffing the
Congresswoman, including taking pictures at community events and shooting
Page 3 of 5

direct-to-camera videos; designing graphics and editing videos; compiling
daily press clips; and maintaining reporter lists. Candidates with Orange
County ties are preferred.
Congresswoman Katie Porter is committed to hiring and maintaining a
diverse staff; candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, a writing sample, and two
examples of digital media projects to KatiePorter.Press@mail.house.gov and
include “Digital Director/Press Secretary” in the subject line.
Candidates will be considered on a rolling basis, with a preference for a start
date in May. This is not an entry-level position.
MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill,
as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of
relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing
statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.

MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects.
A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Page 4 of 5

Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 5 of 5

