House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 11, 2020

MEM-148-20

DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE – Thousand Oaks, CA
Member of Congress seeks an energetic and self-motivated individual to serve
as a District Representative in an active Congressional district office. Duties
include representing the Member of Congress in the community, maintaining
positive relationships with constituents, other local elected officials, and
business and community leaders and organizations.
Additionally, this individual is also responsible for handling constituent
casework in their assigned issue areas, which includes answering casework
correspondence, meeting with constituents, communicating with constituents,
and serving as a liaison with federal and local agencies.
Candidates must be able to work quickly in a high pressure environment,
meet very tight deadlines, and have exceptional writing and organizational
skills. Fluent in Spanish and Ventura County ties are a plus but not required.
Must be available, as necessary, to work evenings and/or weekend hours.

Page 1 of 7

Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing
samples to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with just “District Representative” in
the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-147-20

Communications Director — Active, hard-working Democratic member of
Illinois congressional delegation seeks Communications Director for a fastpaced office.
Responsibilities include planning and implementing communications strategy
across a broad portfolio, working closely with legislative and district staff to
effectively communicate the Member’s message, handling daily media
inquiries, maintaining relationships with national, Chicago, and local
reporters, writing talking points and press releases, pitching op-eds,
overseeing paid constituent outreach (franking) budget, managing website,
producing videos and social media content, and planning and promoting press
events in DC and the district.
Ideal applicants will have previous communications and/or Capitol Hill
experience, strong writing and oral communication skills, the ability to
multitask and prioritize under pressure, and be team players with a good sense
of humor. Women, veterans and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
Spanish fluency is a plus.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a writing sample as one attachment to
ILCongressional.Jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-146-20

Senior Southern Democratic Member seeks a Chief of Staff to lead the
Member’s offices. The Chief of Staff is responsible for providing leadership
to and managing a team dedicated to advancing the Member’s legislative
agenda, fulfilling a communications strategy, and administering all office
operations.
The role of Chief of Staff requires significant Hill, political, and management
experience with a strong understanding of legislative procedure and policy.
The position requires knowledge of critical issues under the jurisdiction of the
House Judiciary and Transportation and Infrastructure Committees and a
desire to develop comprehensive solutions to improve the quality of life for
consumers and middle- and low- income communities. Focus upon
technology, telecommunications, and intellectual property issues is preferred.

Page 2 of 7

Responsibilities include staffing the Member on issue-related events,
representing the Member on his/her behalf, and other committee-related
duties.
The candidate must be an excellent oral and written communicator, a strong
leader, detail-oriented, politically savvy, have demonstrated strong policy
experience, ability to handle multiple, complex, and competing tasks, have
excellent organizational and proofreading skills. Ties to Atlanta, Hill
experience, and experience using Intranet Quorum (IQ) are preferred.
Attorney candidates are strongly preferred.
In summary, successful candidate should possess the following:
•Significant Hill, political, and management experience
•Strong understanding of legislative procedure and policy
•Desire to make and grow relationships with other staff, members, lobbyists,
and associations
•Knowledge of key issues related to House Judiciary and Transportation and
Infrastructure Committees
•Strong leadership, interpersonal communication and collaborative skills
•Ability to think creatively, not take themselves too seriously, collaborate
with Member on the development and implementation of legislative, press,
and political strategy
•Proven track record of success, multi-tasking, managing a productive team
and running an effective operation
•Ability to use and leverage technology to maximize operational effectiveness
and support tech-savvy member
•Willingness to work evenings and weekends
•Knowledge of Atlanta and other urban cities
•Must be a team player with an excellent temperament, deportment, and a
sense of humor!
Please send resumes to COStoCHJ@gmail.com
MEM-145-20

The office of U.S. Congresswoman Katie Porter seeks a
digital/communications professional to be based in her Orange County
office. The ideal candidate is highly motivated and detail-oriented, with
experience in digital media strategy, graphic design, and video editing.
The Digital Director/Press Secretary will be responsible for drafting
statements, releases, social media copy, and advisories; staffing the
Congresswoman, including taking pictures at community events and shooting
direct-to-camera videos; designing graphics and editing videos; compiling
daily press clips; and maintaining reporter lists. Candidates with Orange
County ties are preferred.
Page 3 of 7

Congresswoman Katie Porter is committed to hiring and maintaining a
diverse staff; candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, a writing sample, and two
examples of digital media projects to KatiePorter.Press@mail.house.gov and
include “Digital Director/Press Secretary” in the subject line.
Candidates will be considered on a rolling basis, with a preference for a start
date in May. This is not an entry-level position.
MEM-144-20

New York Republican seeks a Staff Assistant for Washington, D.C. office.
Job responsibilities include: managing the front office, greeting visitors,
answering phone calls, managing tour requests, processing flag requests,
overseeing the internship program, aiding with constituent correspondence,
and assisting the Member and staff as needed.
Candidates possess strong organizational and communication skills as well as
the ability to successfully handle multiple tasks and deadlines under pressure.
Internship and/or other Hill experience is preferred. New York ties are also a
plus.
Please email your resume, cover letter, and 3 references to
houseresumes21@gmail.com with the subject “Staff Assistant Application.”

MEM-142-20

Active, hard-working Member of House Leadership seeks an outstanding
Communications Director for a fast-paced office.
Responsibilities include planning and implementing communications strategy
across a broad portfolio, working closely with legislative and district staff to
effectively communicate the Member’s message, handling daily media
inquiries, maintaining relationships with national and local reporters, writing
talking points and press releases, pitching op-eds, managing website,
producing videos and social media content, planning and pitching press
events in DC and the district, overseeing daily clips, and keeping press lists
up-to-date.
Ideal applicants will have Hill press experience, strong writing and oral
communication skills, the ability to multitask and prioritize under pressure,
and a good sense of humor. Connecticut ties are a plus.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a writing sample as one attachment to
ctcommsjob@gmail.com

Page 4 of 7

MEM-140-20

The Office of Congressman Andy Kim (NJ03) seeks a Digital/Press
Assistant to assist the Communications Director in formulating and executing
digital and traditional communications efforts for the office.
Responsibilities include creating digital content such as graphics, videos and
ads; drafting social media posts and statements; and working with House
Franking to get materials approved.
The ideal candidate is a team-player with strong written and verbal
communication skills, attention to detail, follow through, self-motivation,
ability to multi-task and an even temperament. The candidate should be
proficient in digital graphic design and editing programs, as well as in
creating ads in social media platforms.
The candidate should have 1-3 years of digital or press experience.
The position is located in our Washington, D.C. office and will primarily
report to the Communications Director.
The Office of Congressman Andy Kim is an equal opportunity employer, and
as such, is committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse
work environment.
Please send resume and cover letter to nj03resumes@mail.house.gov with
“Digital/Press Assistant” in the subject line.
No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins please.

MEM-139-20

Southern California Democrat seeks a Director of Constituent Services. Job
responsibilities include: acting as the representative for the Member;
answering casework correspondence; meeting with constituents; serving as a
liaison with federal, district, and local agencies; screening and referring cases,
when appropriate, to other district offices; preparing reports for the District
Director on pending cases; assessing casework for problems requiring
legislative action; and making recommendations to the District Director and
Chief of Staff.
The ideal candidate is highly organized, detail-oriented, friendly, has strong
written and verbal communication skills in both English and a second
language. Preference will be given to candidates who are fluent in Spanish,
Farsi, Mandarin, or Korean.
Strong analytical skills and the ability to work independently and as part of a
team are also required.

Page 5 of 7

This position will have a significant focus on casework and facilitating
communications between constituents and federal agencies.
A successful candidate for this position will be empathetic, has the ability to
actively listen, problem-solve, and be comfortable documenting casework
progression in a database.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3- 5 years of case work experience for
a Member of Congress. Preference will be given to candidates who have a
degree in social work. Southern California ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to dd45lb@gmail.com with “Director of Constituent Services” in the subject
line.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified candidates are
encouraged to apply.
MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill,
as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of
relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing
statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.

MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:

Page 6 of 7

Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects.
A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 7 of 7

