House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 17, 2014
MEM-378-14

Communications Director – Senior Republican seeks to interview candidates
for the position of Communications Director for a fast-paced office. The
successful candidate will have excellent written and verbal skills as well as the
proven ability to manage multiple communications projects. She/he will be
responsible for developing, managing and coordinating all communications
activities, including writing press releases, op-eds, mail pieces, talking points,
organizing press events, maintaining the official website including design,
implementing social media strategy including Facebook, Twitter, etc.,
maintaining press database, writing e-newsletters & coordinating Tele-town
halls. Duties will also include early daily news clips, briefing the Member for
radio interviews, writing and implementing PSA's from the Member,
interacting with the press as the Member’s principal spokesperson and
coordinating the Member’s overall press relations. The ideal candidate will
have Hill experience and familiarity with New Jersey. Must be able to work
extended hours and under time pressure. Please email a resume, cover letter,
and two writing samples to pressopportunity2014@gmail.com.

Page 1 of 5

MEM-369-14

The Office of Representative Donna F. Edwards is seeking a Scheduler/
Executive Assistant to maintain the Member's official schedule, travel plans,
and related records.
Scheduling Duties
• prepares the daily schedule for the Member, and distributes copies to the
Washington, DC, and district offices;
• prepares detailed itineraries for the Member, including important numbers,
location and contact names;
• prepares monthly projected schedules for the Member;
• briefs the Member on all scheduling activities of the Washington, DC, and
district offices and makes recommendations on proposed future meetings;
• schedules all staff meetings and briefings;
• coordinates scheduling of press, interviews, radio and T.V. time with the
Press Secretary; and
• coordinates photo opportunities with constituents.
Travel Duties
• makes reservations for the Member's air travel, ground transportation, and
lodging; and
Mail/Invitations Duties
• reviews the Member's invitations;
• responds to all invitations, either by written correspondence or by personal
telephone call;
• maintains files of invitations that have been declined, accepted, or that are
tentative/pending; and
• ensures that the Member is provided with briefing materials for each event.
Administrative Duties
• maintains the Member's files, including notes, correspondence, and all
information relating to travel;
• organizes documentation and materials for the Member's annual financial
disclosure report;
• acts as a liaison for constituents and other visitors that drop by to see the
Member;
• acts as a liaison between the Member and other Members, committee staff,
White House, and government offices and agencies to arrange for the
Member's attendance at meetings or to coordinate travel plans; and
• performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:
• at least 2 years of office experience;
• strong telephone skills;
• strong oral and written communication skills;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment with respect to
Page 2 of 5

prioritization of and recommendations on Member appointments;
• proficiency in word processing;
• strong organizational and filing skills;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• experience making travel reservations and arrangements;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner; and
• availability to work long hours and at night
Please email resume to ResumeService@mail.house.gov with MEM-369-14 in
the subject line.
MEM-368-14

The House Committee on Science, Space and Technology Majority is seeking
an experienced and proactive Professional Staff Member for its Research and
Technology Subcommittee. Applicants should have relevant experience on
Capitol Hill (preferably managing a Committee portfolio for a Member), in
federal or state government, or the science and technology field. Qualified
candidates should possess in-depth knowledge of federally-supported
academic research and federal programs to support commercialization of new
technology issues. The ideal candidate will have a graduate degree and
experience in science and tech policy. Interested applicants should send a
cover letter and resume to: HouseScienceOpenings@gmail.com. No telephone
calls, faxes, or drop-ins.

MEM-366-14

Congressman Raúl Labrador (ID-01) is looking for a Legislative Director to
lead a legislative team in implementing and advancing the Congressman’s
policy and strategic agenda. The successful applicant will have several years of
legislative experience and will be responsible for monitoring floor activity,
managing the legislative staff and maintaining strong relationships in the state.
The ideal candidate will have outstanding writing and communication skills
and work well under pressure. Western states or Idaho ties are preferred but
not required. Policy expertise in defense, healthcare and/or personal
liberty/social issues are a plus. Email résumé, cover letter and two writing
samples to ID01.Jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-357-14

The House Education and the Workforce Committee, Majority Staff, seeks a
Professional Staff Member responsible for some K-12 education and human
services issues. The ideal candidate will have relevant experience on Capitol
Hill, in federal or state government, or the education field. This candidate will
exhibit a record of generating and advancing legislative initiatives; a strong
attention to detail; and strong writing, communication, interpersonal, and
organizational skills. Candidates must be creative, capable of working under
tight deadlines, and be able to work as part of a team. Interested applicants
should send a cover letter, resume, and short writing samples to:
edandworkresumes@mail.house.gov. No telephone calls please.
Page 3 of 5

MEM-348-14

Ohio Democratic Member seeks a hardworking Social Media Press Assistant
to join a busy, proactive team. Applicant must be able to multitask, and thrive
while working long hours. Responsibilities include: developing, writing, and
editing content for online platforms including Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn,
YouTube and Instagram; website development & maintenance; and, other
duties as assigned. Applicants must have experience directly managing social
media accounts, and a proven record of maintaining a web presence by
building, maintaining and engaging active web-based/social media audiences
to meet outreach and impact goals.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Please send cover letter, resume, and
two original writing samples to District11Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“SOCIAL MEDIA PRESS ASSISTANT” in the subject line. No walk-ins or
phone calls.

MEM-347-14

Ohio Democratic Member seeks a hardworking Press Secretary to join a busy
and proactive team. Applicant must have previous speech writing experience;
thrive at multitasking and working long hours; and, have sound political
judgment.
Responsibilities include, but may not be limited to, speech writing, drafting
news releases, talking points, and op-eds; responding to press inquiries in a
timely and appropriate manner; early daily news clips; monitoring the news/
social media platforms throughout the day; and supervising the development of
website and social media content. Duties also include: booking interviews and
pitching stories; developing relationships with reporters; organizing events;
and developing and implementing media, communications, and public
relations strategies. The successful applicant must be a team player, and will
work closely with the Chief of Staff, Communications Director, and D.C./
District team.
This is not an entry-level position. Professional communications and on-therecord experience is required. Hill experience and familiarity with Ohio,
especially Northeastern Ohio, is strongly preferred. Candidates should have
knowledge of the legislative process, as well as the ability to identify local and
national press opportunities. Salary is commensurate with experience. Please
send cover letter, resume, and three original writing samples to
District11Resumes@mail.house.gov with “PRESS SECRETARY” in the
subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-345-14

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Senior Legislative Assistant. House
experience and Spanish a plus.
Send cover letter, resume and three work references to:
Intern7DC.TX35@mail.house.gov
Page 4 of 5

No walk-ins please.
MEM-340-14

Virginia Democrat seeks an energetic, self-motivated, and organized Staff
Assistant. Applicants should demonstrate strong interpersonal skills, be
comfortable with managing multiple tasks, and have experience working on
deadline in a high pressure setting.
Duties include, but are not limited to: staffing the front office and greeting
visitors, answering phones, coordinating and executing flag and tour requests,
managing office intern program, assisting with mail processing -- reviewing,
sorting and responding to constituent mail, tracking legislative issues, assisting
with research, coordinating IT services, and helping with other projects as
needed.
Applicants should have experience interacting with the public, as well as
possess strong writing, communication, and organizational skills. Positive,
team-oriented attitude required. Previous Capitol Hill or internship experience
preferred. Ties to Virginia and bilingual in Spanish a plus.
Please submit resume and cover letter to vacongressionalresumes@gmail.com.

Page 5 of 5

