House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 27, 2017

MEM-458-17

Outreach and Member Services Coordinator
The Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks an organized and
enthusiastic person to coordinate outreach and member services.
Responsibilities include planning and executing member, staff and
stakeholder meetings on issues before the committee; collaborating with
policy staff to plan and organize Democratic Committee Forums; drafting and
circulating notifications and communications so members, staff and external
organizations are aware of the Committee’s actions; and handling other
administrative tasks for the Committee. Qualified candidates must have
administrative experience; strong writing and organizational skills; a proven
ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks; and sound
political judgment. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged
to apply. This is not an entry level position, and candidates must have at least
two years of relevant experience in a paid position. Please submit a cover
letter, resume and a short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. Please
no walk-ins or phone calls.

Page 1 of 4

MEM-448-17

Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard’s Oahu district office is searching for a fulltime staff assistant. Job responsibilities include fielding constituent calls,
processing mail, coordinating internship program, assisting with casework
and constituent requests for information, maintaining a photographic
database, drafting correspondence, maintaining office equipment, and other
administrative duties. In addition, the staff assistant occasionally represents
Congresswoman Gabbard at community events.
Strong ties to the state and organizational skills are a must. To apply for the
position, please e-mail your cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
contact information for three work references to hi02jobs@gmail.com with
the subject line "STAFF ASSISTANT." No calls or “walk-ins” please.

MEM-447-17

The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Military and Veterans
Liaison and Caseworker with strong organizational and communication
skills.
The liaison/caseworker is responsible for helping constituents resolve issues
and navigate the services provided by the federal government. This person
manages constituent casework, and participates in community projects and
events. Responsibilities include monitoring and updating the Congresswoman
and Chief of Staff on district and local issues, and acts as a liaison to federal
and local agencies for the Congresswoman for the following issue areas:
Department of Defense/Military, Homeland Security (Military-related)
including U.S. Coast Guard, Intelligence, Veterans, Foreign Affairs,
FAA, and FEMA/Disaster Management.
The ideal candidate will possess a can-do attitude and is solutions oriented.
He or she will also be a self-starter and will possess the capacity to produce
quality work on short deadlines. He or she will also have a demonstrated
ability to communicate effectively with colleagues in a dynamic work
environment.
The selected applicant will be expected to thrive in a fast-paced office, with
the ability to pay close attention to detail and think creatively to find
solutions. Non-traditional work hours, and occasional travel are required.
Veteran applications are welcome!
Please do not call or drop by the office, qualified applicants may email a
cover letter, resume and two writing samples with “Military Liaison” in the
email title to: hi02jobs@gmail.com.

Page 2 of 4

MEM-428-17

New Mexico Democrat and CHC Chairwoman seeks Scheduler/Executive
Assistant for Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules, processing all incoming invitations and meeting requests,
coordinating travel arrangements, and communicating with constituents by
phone and email to address requests, concerns, and questions. The ideal
candidate will be detail-oriented and extremely well-organized. Applicants
should have previous scheduling experience (at least one year in a similar
position).
Responsibilities also include driving the member (including nights and some
weekends). Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering phones,
opening the office, and general assistance to the DC office staff. This position
is also responsible for backing up the Staff Assistant and assisting office with
administrative duties. New Mexico ties and a sense of humor are a plus.
Previous scheduling experience is important.
To apply, please submit resume, cover letter and three references to
NM01.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler/Executive Assistant” in the
subject line. Please submit all application materials in one pdf.
No phone calls please.

MEM-426-17

A Midwest Republican is accepting resumes for a Health Legislative
Assistant to coordinate the Member’s legislative agenda (with the LD) and
oversee health and other issues that fit with the applicants skills and interest.
An eligible candidate should have at least three years’ legislative experience
on Capitol Hill, a track record of passing legislation, and knowledge of health
care systems and laws. Candidates should possess excellent interpersonal and
organizational skills, initiative, and top-notch written and oral skills. An
economics background is a plus. Qualified candidates should send a resume
with Health Care LA in the subject line and include a cover letter and resume
to Congressional.Vacancy@mail.house.gov.

MEM-409-17

California Democrat seeks proactive, experienced Press Secretary to help
lead an aggressive national communications operation. The ideal applicant
will have 4-6 years of experience creating and executing media plans as well
as proven success confirming national cable TV interviews. Responsibilities
include frequent pitching and reporter/producer engagement; social media
platform management; and drafting op-eds, releases and press materials. This
role demands creativity, excellent writing and editing skills, and poise under
pressure. This is not an entry level position. Diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply. Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and

Page 3 of 4

two writing samples with the subject line “Press Secretary” to
cademhilljobs@gmail.com.

MEM-316-17

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives, and Ranking
Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic
staff. The ideal candidate will be a junior attorney (fewer than five years of
experience) with a background or strong interest in investigations.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills. Please send a resume and
cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject
line.

Page 4 of 4

