________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 4, 2024

MEM-100-24

Rep. Raul Ruiz’s office is seeking candidates to fill an open Press Secretary /
Communications Director position (title and salary based on experience). Please
pass this along to anyone you think might be interested.
Rep. Ruiz (CA-25), member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, seeks an
energetic and well-organized professional to manage his communications
portfolio. The position is based in Washington, DC and will travel to the district
as needed. Candidates must have professional fluency in both English & Spanish.
Candidates should be self-motivated, diligent, a team player, and able to develop
and maintain relationships with local state, and national media reporters. The
ideal candidate will have a passion for practical policies that unite the country and
digital organizing / communications in all formats. Other duties include
developing messaging and talking points; overseeing all communications
materials, including press releases, website content, franked mail, and social
media accounts; working with policy staff on short- and long-term
communications goals; and regularly briefing and staffing the member.
This position will mentor /manage appropriate press interns in all offices. This is
not an entry-level position.
Ideal candidates should have, or can articulate, experience in the following areas /
topics / platforms:
Page 1 of 21

*Strong written and oral communications skills (writing, editing, proofreading)
with at least two years of political communications experience including
producing Op-Ed’s, Press Releases & other communications
*Understanding of print, broadcast, & online social media tools / platforms
(Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, CanvaPro, Adobe Premier, etc.)
*Strong skills & experience producing excellent written & visual content,
including graphics & video, for a variety of social media platforms
*An ability to amplify media coverage & grow its impact
*Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, procedures & organization of
the House – a plus
*Knowledge of current issues & events in which the Congressman is involved in
*Ability to with legislative staff on short / long-term communications goals
*Ability to exercise discretion & judgment in the representation of the
Congressman's position on policy issues
*Must have the ability to prioritize duties & manage staff in a fast-paced work
environment while meeting rapid timelines
*Ability to translate complex policy issues into simple language, creating talking
point summaries
*Leading, managing & optimizing production needs surrounding virtual & inperson town hall meetings, public forums, & press conferences & creating
graphics & media presentations when required
*Proactively pitching national/local media and developing media strategy
*Creating e-newsletters & managing the franked mailers process for the office
*Tracking press and social media analytics
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages people of all identity
groups to apply. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two
writing samples (one English and one Spanish on two different topics)
to: CA25Resumes@mail.house.gov with the “Press Secretary /Communications
Director- [NAME]” in the subject line.
MEM-099-24

The District Office Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, and
answers constituent requests for general information, tours, and other inquiries.
This position also monitors delivery and pickup of materials, maintains the front
office, and assists with various administrative and legislative duties.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Answers and screens telephone calls for the Congresswoman and other staff
members;
•Greets and screens visitors;
•Assists persons who have appointments with the Congresswoman or other staff
members and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the
Congresswoman's appointments are on time;
•Responds to constituent requests for flags, tours and other information;
•Maintains literature regarding the district and House offices for distribution to
Page 2 of 21

visitors;
•Signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to the office to
appropriate staff and/or Congresswoman in a timely manner;
•Orders all office supplies and maintains office equipment;
•Facilitate constituent commendation process;
•Manages office recycling program;
•Reviews and clips relevant articles in newspapers and publications;
•Assists with receptionist duties as needed;
•Maintains the office answering machine or voicemail;
•Ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member
in a timely manner;
•Documents visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
•Performs general typing and administrative assignments;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
•Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
•Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress;
•Works a flexible schedule including occasional nights and weekends; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least one year of office experience is preferred; administrative training is
beneficial.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Ability to use and troubleshoot photocopier, facsimile machine, telephone, and
other office equipment;
•Careful attention to detail;
•Excellent writing and proofreading skills;
•Ability to perform essential job functions above;
•Professional telephone manner;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant and professional manner;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
•Knowledge of office computer applications including Microsoft Office; and
•Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment.
•Noise levels are usually moderate.
Page 3 of 21

TO APPLY:
•Please e-mail your resume and cover letter
to NC04Resume@mail.house.gov and list “Name – District Office Staff
Assistant” in the subject line.
MEM-098-24

Congresswoman Valerie Foushee seeks a creative and motivated Outreach
Coordinator in her District Office to implement a strong constituency-based
outreach program.
The Outreach Coordinator monitors and updates the Congresswoman and District
Director on district and local issues. This role is responsible for seeking
opportunities for the Congresswoman and the office to maintain an active
presence within the community. This position will help build and maintain
relationships with key stakeholders and work to address local issues on the
federal level.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman within their area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies;
•Informs the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in their
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
•Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Congresswoman;
•Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Congresswoman with constituents;
•Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on district activities in
assigned issue areas;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress;
•Works a flexible schedule including some nights and weekends; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
Prior experience working for an elected official or prior experience managing
staff, volunteers, or interns on a campaign or organization.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to work effectively
in a fast-paced environment;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant and professional manner;
•Excellent organizational skills and careful attention to detail;
Page 4 of 21

•Ability to think strategically and creatively;
•Knowledge of issues and events in the district in which the Congresswoman has
been involved as well as a good understanding of federal-level policy work;
•Understanding of the federal legislative process as well as federal agencies and
departments;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Valid driver’s license and access to a car;
•Willingness to work evenings, weekends.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Outreach activities require work during regular office hours and some nights and
weekends. Additionally, employee must be able to travel within the district
approximately 50% of time and hold a valid driver’s license.
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment.
•Noise levels are usually moderate.
TO APPLY:
•Please e-mail your resume and cover letter
to NC04Resume@mail.house.gov and list “Name – Outreach Assistant” in the
subject line.
MEM-094-24

House GOP Appropriator seeks an experienced Legislative Director with at least
3 years of Capitol Hill experience to manage various portfolios and oversee
committee activity.
Resumes can be sent to housegopemployment@gmail.com

MEM-092-24

Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08) is seeking a detail-orientated, relationshipdriven, and efficient Director of Operations or Scheduler in his Washington,
DC office. Title and salary to commensurate with experience.
This position will manage and maintain the Member’s schedule and travel plans
in Washington DC and New Jersey, handle administrative and office duties, and
act as a liaison for the Member with constituents, stakeholders, and other
government entities relevant for scheduling purposes. The Scheduler will work
closely with the Member and report to the Chief of Staff and other senior staff as
appropriate to develop and execute a strategic and organized scheduling
operation.
Responsibilities include responding to and processing all scheduling requests in a
timely manner; making reservations and adjustments as needed for the Member’s
air or ground travel and lodging; organizing the Member’s daily briefing
materials; executing duties related to administrative and office management such
as maintaining travel and schedule records and submitting travel and expense
reimbursements; and performing other scheduling and administrative duties as
Page 5 of 21

assigned. This position requires flexible hours.
Ideal candidates will have at least one year of relevant work or Hill experience or
prior scheduling and operations experience. Excellent organizational skills and
strong oral and written communications skills that are customer-service driven
are a must. Candidates should possess the ability to work in a collaborative and
fast-paced environment. Spanish speakers and New Jersey ties are a plus.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume in one
PDF document to NJ08.resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line:
“Full Name – Scheduler.”
This is a full-time position. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status),
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
MEM-091-24

Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized, and
professional individual to serve in the role of Staff Assistant.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, possess excellent
communication and time-management skills, the ability to exercise sound,
independent judgment, and the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with
others.
Daily tasks include answering phones, processing incoming correspondence,
assisting with constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, and other
administrative duties supporting the Member and staff as needed. We are
especially interested in talking with tech savvy individuals familiar with Apple
products, Zoom, Outlook and WebEx.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to staffassist24@yahoo.com.
No walk-in applicants or phone calls, please.

MEM-090-24

Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized and
professional individual to serve as Legislative Correspondent. The successful
applicant will be well-organized, possess excellent writing skills, be able to
operate and maintain sophisticated databases, and produce quality mail and email
lists.
This individual will help manage the constituent communications program,
including monitoring the flow of incoming and outgoing correspondence, keeping
the constituent database current, responding to constituent correspondence, and
working with legislative and communications staff to maintain a proactive
constituent outreach program.

Page 6 of 21

To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to legcor24@yahoo.com. No
walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
MEM-086-24

The Office of Congressman Jake Auchincloss (MA-04), a member of the
Transportation & Infrastructure Committee and the Select Committee on China,
seeks an experienced Communications Director to join his Washington, D.C.
office. The position requires some travel to the district to support media relations
and press events.
The Communications Director serves as the Member’s primary communications
and media strategist. They work closely with the Chief of Staff, Legislative
Director, and District Director to develop and execute a coordinated plan to
inform the media on issues that are important to the Member and oversee day-today press operations. The Communications Director also manages and oversees
the office’s communication team (e.g., Press Assistant).
The Communications Director will be responsible for developing and executing
an ambitious communications strategy to maximize the Member’s visibility
nationally and in the district; drafting press releases, statements, speeches, and
talking points; maintaining relationships and booking interviews with national
and local press outlets; pitching stories and responding to reporter inquiries;
assisting with social media; and other duties as assigned.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have previous
communications experience, possess exceptional writing skills, experience
writing in the voice of a principal, and experience working across all media,
directly with local and national reporters, bookers, and other members of the
media to proactively pitch stories and respond to inquiries. Candidates should be
detail-oriented and highly motivated to serve on an active team. The salary range
for this position is $95,000 - $105,000.
Job Duties:
•Partners with the Member and leadership team to develop and implement media
and communications strategies
•Identifies national and local opportunities to promote the Member’s policies and
priorities
•Monitors local, national, and digital media coverage to measure the overall
effectiveness of the Member’s communications strategy and messaging
•Pitches reporters while also fielding and responding to press inquiries at the local
and national levels
•Drafts talking points, floor statements, op-eds, press releases, media advisories,
Congressional Record statements, and speeches to develop comprehensive
communications for the Member
•Prepares the Member for media interviews, press conferences, public events,
roundtables, and other speaking engagements
•Acts as the spokesperson (on the record, on background, and off the record) to
Page 7 of 21

serve as a formal representative for the Member
•Builds and maintains strong relationships with local and national reporters
(including Capitol Hill reporters, local reporters, and issue-specific reporters at
national outlets), editors, columnists, producers, bookers, and advocacy groups to
maintain connections and coordinate events with the media
•Coordinates with external parties to execute successful national press events
•Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an efficient and effective manner
•Understands differing perspectives and opinions to navigate conflicts and
develop solutions effectively
•Oversees the work of the office's communication team staff, including the
biweekly newsletter process
•Coordinates the franked/paid communications process end-to-end, works with
the Chief of Staff to develop plan and budget
Featured Skills:
•Strategic Thinking: Able to identify and articulate long-term objectives and
develop clear messaging and specific action steps across all media channels to
achieve team’s goals
•Attention to Detail: Performs work thoroughly and accurately; acts
conscientiously when attending to detail.
•Decision Making: Makes sound, well-informed, and objective decisions;
perceives the impact and implications of decisions. Commits to action to
accomplish organizational goals. Maintains appropriate levels of confidentiality.
•Media Relations: Works with various media outlets to effectively provide
information on the Member’s objectives and activities.
•Verbal Communication: Makes clear and convincing oral presentations that are
appropriate to listeners and situations. Listens effectively, attends to nonverbal
cues, and responds appropriately.
•Written Communication: Writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing
manner for the intended audience.
Preferences:
•3-5 years Capitol Hill or Hill-adjacent experience
•Experience on campaigns (political, legislative, or issue-based)
To apply, send via email a single PDF with a resume, writing sample, and 2 on
the record examples to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with the following
subject line: “Full Name – Communications Director.” Applications will be
accepted on a rolling basis.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), national
origin, age, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other
characteristic protected by applicable law. Our office encourages candidates of
diverse backgrounds to apply.
Page 8 of 21

MEM-085-24

The Office of Rep. French Hill (AR02) seeks to fill the position of staff assistant
in the Washington D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
processing mail, greeting visitors, processing flag and tour requests, supporting
the staff’s day to day activities, various office management tasks, and assisting
with long-term projects.
Ideal candidates will have:
-clear communication skills for verbal and written correspondence;
-a professional demeanor and a positive disposition while interacting with
visitors;
-ability to creatively problems solve in a fast-paced environment;
-time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status.
Arkansas ties are preferred.
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter
to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov, with the subject line ‘Staff Assistant’.

MEM-081-24

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce - Democratic Staff seeks
a highly organized, personable, dependable, and professional Staff Assistant for
a very busy front office.
Responsibilities include answering telephones; greeting visitors; processing mail;
assisting with the tracking and processing of committee correspondence;
providing administrative support in setting up committee meetings; assisting with
the intern program; and assisting with staff projects. An ability to juggle multiple
tasks is critical. Applicants must have excellent communication and interpersonal
skills and be able to work well in a team environment.
To apply, applicants must submit a cover letter, resume, a short writing sample,
and three references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Staff Assistant" in the
subject line. Please apply no later than March 8, 2024.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to
apply.

MEM-078-24

Outreach Representative – St. Louis, MO
The Office of Congresswoman Cori Bush seeks a dedicated, outgoing, and
compassionate individual to join our outreach team as an Outreach
Representative in our St. Louis office.

Page 9 of 21

The ideal applicant should be ready to work collaboratively in a fast-paced
environment, possess excellent communication skills and a desire to deliver for
the people of Missouri’s First Congressional District. This is an entry-level
position.
The Outreach Representative is responsible for monitoring district and local
issues and seeking opportunities for the Congresswoman and the Office to
maintain an active presence within the community. This position serves as a
liaison to St. Louis community stakeholders; establishes and maintains federal,
district, and local agency relationships for the member and constituents; handles
and responds to casework correspondence, staffs and briefs the Congresswoman
for in-district events, attends and represents the Office at community meetings
and events, develops and maintains strong relationships with local stakeholders,
and communicates with colleagues across all teams (as needed) in planning,
executing, and participating in outreach events.
The ideal candidate has strong ties to St. Louis. This position requires excellent
communication and writing skills, attention to detail, ability to multitask and
work well under pressure, and flexible work schedule, including some nights and
weekends (particularly on weeks and weekends when the Congresswoman is in
the district). Candidates must possess a valid driver’s license, impeccable driving
record, and own a registered vehicle.
The salary range for this position is $55,000-58,000. The office provides a
generous benefits package that includes health, vision, and dental; student loan
repayment assistance; paid sick leave and personal time off; and other benefits.
The deadline for applying for this position is March 8th.
Interested candidates can submit their application
via: https://airtable.com/appuMZO8HbLu2jy4z/shrUsxDjMMETa8Y7E
Interviews will be granted to qualified candidates on a rolling basis.
The Office of Congresswoman Cori Bush is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, criminal history or parental status. All qualified applicants
including women, people of color, LGBTQIA+, unhoused people, formerly
incarcerated individuals, and members of other marginalized communities are
encouraged to apply.
MEM-072-24

Job Opportunity: Communications Director for Congressman Donald G. Davis
(NC-01)
Congressman Donald G. Davis, representing North Carolina’s 1st Congressional
District, is seeking a seasoned Communications Director to craft and implement a
Page 10 of 21

dynamic communications strategy suitable for a highly competitive district. This
role requires close collaboration with the Congressman, Chief of Staff, and both
the legislative and district teams to manage and direct the Member's
comprehensive communications efforts, spanning both the district and
Washington, D.C. This is a senior-level position, not suitable for entry-level
applicants.
Core Responsibilities:
•Maintain media relationships at both national and local levels, manage inquiries,
and actively pitch story ideas.
•Craft and revise press materials, including releases, media strategies for
highlighting legislative achievements, and content for district outreach and
events.
•Lead a proactive and engaging social media presence.
•Draft op-eds, talking points, newsletters, mailers, letters, and speeches.
•Guide and develop the communications team.
•Work in tandem with District Office and legislative staff to enhance the visibility
of the office’s initiatives.
•Manage official (franked) communications and oversee the 499 program
effectively.
Qualifications:
•3-5 years of experience in political/Hill communications.
•Proven expertise in creating various communication materials and a keen eye for
detail.
•Demonstrated ability in leading a team and successful media engagement.
•Previous experience with franked communications is desirable.
•Skills in digital media, including social media and graphic/video design, are
advantageous.
The ideal candidate will be a team player, inventive, enthusiastic, detail-focused,
capable of juggling multiple tasks, politically savvy, and prepared to commit to
long hours in a dynamic and challenging environment. Connections to North
Carolina and prior experience on Capitol Hill are preferred.
Application Process:
Review of applications will commence immediately, with interviews to follow
shortly, aiming for a swift hiring process. Interested applicants are urged to apply
promptly.
We welcome candidates from diverse backgrounds. Our office is an equal
opportunity employer, committed to inclusivity and non-discrimination based on
race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, or national origin.
To Apply: Submit a resume, cover letter, a writing sample of no more than 1,000
words, and three references (including name, title, organization, contact details,
Page 11 of 21

and your relationship with them) in a single PDF to nc01resumes@gmail.com.
Use the subject line: “Your Full Name – Communications Director.”
MEM-070-24

The Office of Congressman Greg Casar (D-TX35) is seeking a Staff Assistant
for their Washington DC Office. Ties to the District, Texas, and Spanish
language fluency are preferred but not required.
This person will be responsible for managing front office operations, answering
telephone calls and emails, processing mail, tracking and maintaining office
supplies and equipment, co-supervising interns, and assisting with staffing events
and meetings, among other tasks. This person will provide support to the district
office in responding to constituent needs.
This person will also serve as the office tour coordinator and will be responsible
for managing constituent requests for Capitol and White House tours, as well as
constituent requests for flags.
The ideal candidate will have strong organizational, time management, project
management, and interpersonal skills. Familiarity with the federal government is
preferred. The salary for this position is $55,000.
How To Apply
Our office is committed to building a team with diverse lived experiences that
equip our team to serve the Texas 35th district. Candidates are encouraged to
apply and describe how their experience translates to the role and needs of the
office.
Interested applicants should submit the required documentation below.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis and the first round of interviews
will begin on February 26. Due to the volume of applications, we will only
contact applicants whose applications move forward to the interview phase.
Please no calls, direct emails, or walk-ins:
1.Fill out an application via the
link: https://airtable.com/apppdXuCnxKM0TqUY/pagYymcukVNglJush/form
2.In the application link, submit one combined PDF of a cover letter, resume,
contact information of 2 references, and a one-page writing sample that describes
“Why do you want to work for Congressman Greg Casar? What experiences
translate to the roles and needs of the office?”
The Office of Congressman Greg Casar is an equal opportunity employer; we do
not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression,
national origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital status,
sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable.

Page 12 of 21

MEM-068-24

California Democrat seeks a Communications Director. The applicant must be
an excellent writer, creative, have political instincts, and have robust media
contacts. The ideal candidate has at least five years of communications
experience in government, politics, or the private sector.
Responsibilities include:
•Plan and implement a strategic communications plan to define the Member's
image and highlight accomplishments;
•Act as formal spokesperson and media liaison to the Member, directing and
managing all media inquiries and pitches;
•Serve as the primary writer or editor of public material, including op-eds, press
releases, e-newsletters, floor statements, and talking points;
•Supervise Digital Press Secretary to execute aggressive social media and digital
strategy on Facebook, Twitter (X), and Instagram;
•Plan and implement email newsletter program;
•Work with district staff to plan press and outreach events;
•Work with other members of senior staff to guide Member’s voting decisions
and help coordinate efforts to build his profile on key issues.
Skills required:
•Ability to think creatively and strategically;
•Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
•Extensive media contacts;
•Ability to work some evenings and weekends;
•Thorough knowledge of social media tools;
•Strong organizational skills;
•Strong team player able to infuse communications strategy across all parts of the
congressional office;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment representing policy
positions.
This is a senior-level position in a fast-paced office. The salary range for the
position is $85,000-$100,000, commensurate with experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, veterans, people of color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and writing sample
to CAHouseJob@mail.house.gov

MEM-066-24

Congresswoman Mary Gay Scanlon seeks a qualified individual to serve as her
Scheduler covering both her DC and district offices; the position will be based
out of the Washington, D.C. office.

Page 13 of 21

Responsibilities include managing and maintaining the Congresswoman’s daily
and long-term calendar in D.C. and the district, organizing and tracking
invitations, coordinating travel, compiling briefing materials, and duties related to
office management. Candidates must be highly organized, detail-oriented,
energetic, and capable of thriving in a fast-paced and rapidly changing
environment. Previous scheduling experience and/or Hill experience is strongly
preferred but not strictly required. Pennsylvania ties are a plus. Salary range is
$70,000-$75,000.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to employment.scanlon@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler - LastName,
FirstName” in the subject line.
Congresswoman Scanlon’s office provides equal employment opportunities to all
employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and
harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, disability status,
genetics, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or
local laws.
MEM-065-24

House GOP Appropriator seeks an experienced military legislative assistant
with 1-3 years of Capitol Hill experience.
Members serves on the Military Construction Subcommittee and has many
military equities in-district. Porfolio would include national security, foreign
affairs, defense and veterans issues.
Resumes can be sent to housegopemployment@gmail.com

MEM-064-24

The For Country Caucus, a bipartisan group of 30 military veteran members of
Congress, seeks a motivated Policy Director who will work with the Caucus CoChairs, Vice Chairs, members and staff to support the legislative agenda of the
Caucus and oversee Caucus operations.
The Policy Director will manage policy initiatives of the Caucus such as
identifying and researching issues of interest to the Caucus, planning Caucus
events, working with Members’ staff to introduce and advance legislative
proposals, and helping promote the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and to the public.
An ideal candidate will possess strong written and oral communications skills;
know how to balance long term goals with short term projects; have a strong
grasp of the House legislative process; be able to act independently and
collaboratively; and be committed to promoting respect, civility, and
bipartisanship in Congress.

Page 14 of 21

Interested candidates should submit their resume
to forcountrycaucusjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “4CC Policy Director
Applicant”.
MEM-056-24

Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01), member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
and Committee on Science, Space, and Technology seeks an experienced
Communications Director to join his office in Washington, D.C.
The Communications Director will be responsible for drafting press releases,
writing statements, talking points, maintaining relationships and booking
interviews with national and local press outlets, pitching stories, responding to
reporter inquiries, creating and posting social media posts, compiling news clips,
managing the Member’s website, assisting with the constituent outreach program,
and other duties as assigned. The Communications Director is expected to
advance press events and staff the Member as needed. The Communications
Director will work in close collaboration with the Chief of Staff, District
Director, Legislative Director, and other staff as appropriate.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have previous
communications experience, possess exceptional writing skills, have proficiency
in photo and video editing and graphic design tools, and be organized. Candidates
should be detail-oriented and highly motivated to serve on an active team. Ideal
candidates will have experience working in a fast-paced environment and are
prepared to implement a communications plan.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Rhode Island ties are
a plus. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, cover letter, and brief writing
sample, and three references (including name, current title and organization,
phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to RI01AmoJobs@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Communications Director.”

MEM-055-24

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic staff) seeks
a Labor Policy Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering labor law.
Candidates should have familiarity with the National Labor Relations Act, the
Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act, labor enforcement provisions
in trade agreements, and employment arbitration. Candidates should also have
knowledge of the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), the Department of
Labor’s Office of Labor-Management Standards (OLMS) and the International
Labor Affairs Bureau (ILAB).

Page 15 of 21

Applicants should have a law degree and experience working with an
organization, Congress, or government agency related to labor law. Duties will
include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical assistance
to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing
written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of
committee proceedings and events related to labor law. Salary commensurate
with experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Labor Policy Counsel” in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-054-24

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic staff) seeks
a Civil Rights Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering civil rights issues
in employment.
Candidates should have familiarity with employment federal civil rights laws,
such as Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963 and Title 42, Chapter 21 of the U.S.
Code. Knowledge of the EEOC, OFCCP and federal statutes and policies and
how they impact civil rights in employment and health care is preferred.
Applicants should have a law degree and experience working with an
organization, Congress, or government agency addressing civil rights. Duties will
include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical assistance
to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing
written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of
committee proceedings and events related to civil rights. Salary commensurate
with experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Civil Rights Counsel Position" in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

Page 16 of 21

MEM-033-24

SUMMARY:
Rep. Jill Tokuda is seeking an experienced and self-motivated Communications
Director for a congressional district that spans every island in the State of
Hawaii.
The position would manage the office’s press and communications operations
including developing and executing a communications plan. Previous Hill or
political communications experience is preferred, but not required. The ideal
candidate would possess strong writing skills, the ability to operate in a fastpaced environment under tight deadlines and be able to collaborate with both the
DC and district teams.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Develops, leads, and executes a communications plan for the office.
•Handles interview requests and proactively pitches to media.
•Prepares and staffs the Congresswoman for events and interviews.
•Drafts press releases, talking points, speeches, newsletters, mailers, and op-eds.
•Manages the Communications Aide in the District Office.
Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional nights
and weekends. Interested candidates should email their cover letter and résumé in
one attachment to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-013-24

Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s District Office has an immediate need to hire a
full-time Field Representative/Caseworker. We are looking for an enthusiastic
and motivated individual to join our high-energy team in Cypress, CA.
Basic Functions:
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative/ Caseworker acts as the representative for the Member. Field
Representative responsibilities include strengthening relationships with key
stakeholders, as well as attending engagements on behalf of the Member.
Caseworker responsibilities include helping constituents resolve problems with
federal agencies through written and verbal communication.
Duties:
*Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
*Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
*Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
*Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
*Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
*Maintain up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information
*Continually manage active cases and serve as a liaison with constituents to
ensure that cases are handled in a timely and appropriate manner

Page 17 of 21

Requirements:
*Political savvy and comfortable navigating complicated situations
*Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer
service manners; public speaking skills
*Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional
nights/weekends
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with Orange and Los Angeles Counties is
preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline:
Salary starts at $50,000 per year. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until the position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to Stephanie Hu, District Director, Office of
Congresswoman Steel, Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-546-23

Member Services Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Member Services Director who
is exceptionally motivated, dynamic, strategic, and detail-oriented to engage with
CBC Member offices and outside partners to advance a robust member services
portfolio.
The Member Services Director will be expected to proactively build strong
relationships across CBC Member offices and develop strategic opportunities for
Member engagement advancing shared priorities. The individual will also be
expected to coordinate with CBC staff to field and respond to inquiries and
requests for support from Member offices and respond to and share external
opportunities for Member engagement as they arise.
The Member Services Director is also responsible for assisting in overseeing all
aspects of caucus operations, logistics, designated administrative responsibilities
and to support caucus leadership.
The Member Services Director responsibilities will include:
•Conducting regular outreach to Member offices to build relationships with staff,
share opportunities for Member or staff participation in events, messaging, and
Page 18 of 21

other efforts, and identify new ideas for collaboration with Member offices
•Sharing resources with Member offices and working with CBC, congressional,
and external staff to develop high-quality materials for Member office use
•Drafting regular newsletters for Member offices with relevant updates and
opportunities, as well as for external audiences to uplift Member engagement on
CBC issues
•Developing a network of external partners working on issues relevant to the
CBC and Member offices
•Maintaining staff contact information and distribution lists
•Provides orientation and training for new staff;
•Assists departing employees with necessary administrative procedures (i.e.,
returning keys, House I.D. cards, and other office property; obtaining forwarding
addresses, work files, and records);
•Supervises the mail operations and the administrative files and personnel
records;
•Assists staff in scheduling House or Capitol rooms for outside group functions;
•Organize and facilitate meetings and other strategic convenings to support
institutional
•change, policies, and programmatic work;
•Oversees operations for CBC including organizing weekly meetings and events
•Provides logistical support for all programming
•Works with the CBC personal office staffs and coordinates with the CBC
Schedulers to implement the Caucus’ priorities
•Builds and maintains databases of internal and external stakeholders
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player.
Candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of House and Senate
legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov.
No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Page 19 of 21

Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.

Page 20 of 21

Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Page 21 of 21

