________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 29, 2022

MEM-455-22

Southern California Democratic Office seeks Staff Assistant to join front office
team.
Candidates should be well-organized, hard-working, and detail-oriented. High
degree of professionalism required, as well as an ability to work a flexible
schedule, including long hours. Duties include answering telephone calls,
greeting visitors, supervising interns, assisting legislative staff, and driving the
Member.
Capitol Hill experience and California ties preferred. Spanish language skills a
plus. MUST have a reliable and safe vehicle and driving record.
Email cover letter, resume, and references
to: ryan.viessman@mail.house.gov with subject heading "Staff Assistant
Position."
Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-452-22

The Office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks a Congressional Aide
ABOUT US: Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks a highly motivated fulltime Congressional Aide for the district office in Las Vegas Nevada.

Page 1 of 17

THE OPPORTUNITY: This position acts as a liaison to federal, state, and local
municipal agencies on behalf of the Congresswoman and constituents. The
position can also entail casework correspondence and verbal communications.
The ideal candidate is mission-driven, passionate, and excited about serving the
people of Nevada's 1st Congressional District. This person must deeply
understand the landscape of the district, its critical stakeholders and be able to act
as the Congresswoman’s representative. Portfolios and areas of focus may change
depending on the candidate.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman in the Las Vegas office,
which can include but is not limited to answering casework correspondence,
meeting with constituents and stakeholders, and serving as a liaison with federal,
state, and local municipal agencies.
•Informs the District Director and the Director of Constituent Services of all
happenings in the assigned regions by screening district media sources and
interacting with constituents and community organizations.
•Has a deep understanding of casework issues and can administer effective
intergovernmental solutions.
•Assesses casework for problems that require legislative action and makes
recommendations.
•Prepares periodic reports for the District Director and Director of Constituent
Services on pending cases and district activities.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
•Thorough knowledge of Southern Nevada.
•A valid driver’s license, reliable transportation and appropriate automobile
insurance.
•Service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills, proficiency at prioritizing
and managing multiple projects at one time
•A capacity to work both independently and as part of a team
•Thorough knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments.
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
•Prior experience in government, the non-profit sector, community or grassroots
organizing is preferred
•Spanish language fluency, orally and written, a plus.
COMPENSATION:
This is a salary position and comes with a competitive benefits package that
includes health insurance, dental, and can include federal student loan payments.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
Page 2 of 17

basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. Constituents
of the district or those deeply familiar will also be prioritized. No phone calls,
faxes, or walk-ins, please.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume
to NV01resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: [First Name Last
Name] - District Representative
MEM-450-22

Senior Democratic House Member seeking to hire Senior Legislative Assistant
for the Member’s Washington D.C. office.
The ideal candidate will handle a wide range of domestic policy matters.
Responsibilities include monitoring and drafting legislation, representing the
Member in meetings/briefings, collaborating with constituent organizations,
preparing materials for committee hearings and markups, and other tasks and
assignments as needed.
The Legislative Assistant will possess excellent writing and communication
skills, a solid understanding of the legislative process, and a proven ability to
work effectively in a fast-paced office. Press and communications experience is
also a plus, but not required.
Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to hillleg24@gmail.com

MEM-449-22

Democratic House Member seeks a Legislative Counsel for the Member’s
personal office to staff a portfolio of domestic policy issues and to provide the
Member and other staff with advice concerning legal issues impacting legislative
efforts and compliance with ethic rules.
The ideal applicant will have a law degree, bar membership and a strong policy
background. Previous Capitol Hill legislative experience strongly preferred. The
position requires clear, concise legal analysis as well as the political acumen to
work closely and collaboratively with constituent, labor and public interest
organizations.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter to hillleg2022@yahoo.com

MEM-447-22

Midwestern Republican office is seeking a Legislative Correspondent to handle
the constituent correspondence portfolio. This position is responsible for
communicating with and responding to constituents, working with staff to stay
updated on legislative activity, and being current on in-district and policy matters.
Duties include, but not limited to:
•Sorting and Batching constituent mail
Page 3 of 17

•Corresponding with constituents who contact the office through phone calls,
letters, and email responses
•Writing constituent response letters/emails/etc
•Managing/Updating letter library
•Keeping up to date on floor proceedings
•Consulting with legislative staff to ensure constituent responses are up to date
•Providing support to legislative staff as needed
Required Skills:
•Capitol Hill experience
•Strong written and verbal communications skills
•Ability to meet deadlines and work independently
•Can balance multiple projects simultaneously
•Ability to conduct policy research
•Basic knowledge of House floor proceedings and the legislative process
Interested candidates should submit resume and 2 writing samples
to house.gopjob2021@gmail.com with 'Legislative Correspondent Position' in the
subject line.
MEM-443-22

Senior Democratic Appropriator seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent in her DC office. The ideal candidate is organized, detail
oriented, able to multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment and has strong
interpersonal skills.
Responsibilities include tasks associated with front office such as receptionist
duties, answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail, processing flag requests,
booking and coordinating tours, and assisting with the office’s internship
program. The position also includes responsibility for office correspondence
management and assisting legislative staff to draft constituent correspondence
and other duties as needs arise in this fast-paced office.
Qualified applicant must possess excellent written and oral communication skills,
attention to detail, professionalism, exceptional time management skills, and an
ability to work collaboratively, and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and
projects.
Ohio ties a plus, but not a requirement. The office is an equal opportunity
employer; we do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, gender identity, or expression, or sexual orientation.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume, 2 writing samples
to midwestern.resume@mail.house.gov with “STAFF ASSISTANT /
LEGISLATIVE CORRESPONDENT” in the subject line. The deadline for
submission is Wednesday August 31st.

Page 4 of 17

MEM-442-22

SUMMARY
Congressman Jimmy Gomez, a California member of the Ways and Means
Committee, seeks an organized, detail-oriented individual to serve in the position
of Caseworker in his fast-paced and highly collaborative Los Angeles office. The
selected candidate will work closely with the District Director and Director of
Casework Services. Good judgment, strong customer service skills, a passion for
public service and availability to work some evenings and weekends are required.
Candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills, the
capacity to exercise discretion and independent judgment with minimal
supervision, great attention to detail, strong time management skills, an ability to
work under pressure to meet tight deadlines, and strong interpersonal skills.
Fluency in Spanish is preferred but not required.
SALARY AND BENEFITS
Salary is commensurate with experience. The minimum starting salary for this
position is $50,000.
The Office offers excellent benefits, including employer paid health, dental and
vision insurance for employees and their family, Student Loan Repayment
Benefits, and employer contributions to retirement savings plan. Paid time off
includes, per year: 15 vacation days (increasing to 21 days for individuals with
over 3 years of federal employment and 27 for individuals with over 15 years of
federal employment), 12 sick days, 5 bereavement days and 12 weeks of paid
family and medical leave. The office is closed for 14 holidays.
The Office is currently operating on a hybrid model, with all Los Angeles, CA
staff working in the office during the district work periods and working remotely
on the weeks the House is in session.
COVID-19 POLICY
The Office believes that we must do all we can to protect the safety, health, and
well-being of employees, guests, our communities, and others with whom we
interact. All offers of employment are contingent on the candidate showing proof
of being fully vaccinated against COVID-19, absent an applicable legal
exemption. After an offer has been extended, individuals in need of an exemption
from this policy due to medical reasons, or because of a sincerely held religious
belief, may request an exemption from this policy. You will be asked for
additional information to facilitate the office’s consideration of your request.
EQUITABLE/INCLUSIONARY HIRING PRACTICES
The office is firmly committed to ensuring that all employees, interns, detailees,
and fellows work in an environment free from discrimination, harassment, or
intimidation on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, gender
stereotyping, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age (40 or over),
Page 5 of 17

disability, military status, genetic information, or any basis prohibited by the
Congressional Accountability Act or House Rules.
APPLICATION
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples in a
PDF format to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name _
Caseworker” by Thursday, September 15, 2022.
MEM-440-22

The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director.
The LD will help drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing
and implementing the strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals;
supervise and mentor the legislative staff while advising on the
Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own legislative
portfolio, which will include work on the Black Maternal Health Caucus.
The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior
leadership team to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall
operations. The LD will also help ensure coordination between DC and district
offices on important legislative updates and district-based events and projects.
This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill experience and knowledge of
the legislative process are required.
The successful applicant will have crisp and thorough written and oral
communications skills, an entrepreneurial and self starting attitude, strong
attention to detail, creativity, and be a team player. Supervisory experience and
expertise on healthcare policy is strongly preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov. Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+,
working class, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with North Carolina ties. Due to the
volume of applications we receive, we will only contact you if we decide to move
forward with your application.
Please no calls, direct emails, or walk-ins.

MEM-437-22

Staff Assistant
Active California House Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant for their Washington
D.C. office.

Page 6 of 17

Ideal candidate will be a motivated self-starter with outstanding customer service,
excellent time-management, and strong organizational skills.
Primary responsibilities include: managing the front office including answering
and logging telephone calls; recruiting and managing interns; managing
constituent requests for flags and tours; supporting legislative and
communications staff; assisting with constituent mail responses and other
administrative duties.
Ideal candidates will have relevant experience, excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal skills, demonstrate the ability to think on their feet to solve
problems, and maintain a positive demeanor in a busy and fast-paced
environment.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates with California ties are preferred but not required.
Please submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF document
to ca07jobs@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant - DC” in the subject line. No walkins or phone calls.
MEM-434-22

Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib (MI-13) seeks an experienced and committed
Press Secretary for her D.C. Office.
The Press Secretary manages and coordinates Washington, D.C. activities,
including media contacts for the Member and the D.C. office in consultation with
the Communications Director.
The Press Secretary reports directly to the Communications Director, and acts
under the guidance of the of the Communications Director in consultation with
the Chief of Staff.
Duties will also include managing social media platform for the office, assisting
in briefing the Member for interviews, and writing floor speeches for the Member
and collaboration with other office staff.
Additional responsibilities for the position include:
•Remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Member may be questioned;
•Together with the Communications Director, evaluates current events and media
reports in the district and the nation for their impact on the Member;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, media, and
Page 7 of 17

constituents;
•Assist with building a robust digital communications apparatus, including social
media, multimedia work and a brand strategy;
•Provide support of communications operations as needed for the member and
staff
Applicant Qualities:
•Candidates must be proactive, have strong attention to detail, and the ability to
multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment;
•A bachelor’s degree in journalism, communications, public relations or a closely
related field preferred, but not required, including strong academic credentials;
and at least two years of congressional experience. Alternatively, a minimum two
of years of related experience or training is required;
•The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women, people of
color, and LGBTQ candidates to apply
This position will often involve evening and weekend work, so a strong candidate
will be able to work a flexible schedule with comp time provided. Michigan ties
are highly desirable, but not required.
Starting salary for this position is $58,000.00, with some flexibility based on
experience.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and women, people of color,
members of the LGBTQ+ community, and members of other traditionally
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply.
TO APPLY, e-mail a cover letter and detailed resume
to Rashida.jobs@mail.house.gov with “Press Secretary” in the subject line along
with a digital portfolio, writing sample, and at least two references.
MEM-431-22

Staff Assistant
OFFICE of REPRESENTATIVE MIKE LEVIN (CA 49th Congressional
District)
REPORTS TO: District Director
SUMMARY:
This position is responsible for managing the front desk and all administrative
duties of a Congressional district office. The staff member in this role interacts
regularly with constituents, responds to correspondence and verbal
communications with constituents, and occasionally staffs the Member of
Congress. This staff member may be located in the Oceanside or Dana Point
office but may be required to travel on occasion to the other office.

Page 8 of 17

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Manages the front desk
*Collaborates with other district and Washington, D.C. Staff Assistants to log all
incoming mail, telephone calls, and correspondence
*Tracks office supplies
*Assists with recruiting, interviewing, training, and management of district
interns
*Oversees production and tracking of certificates and proclamations
*Screens phone calls and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district office
*Scans and sends invoices to DC office
*Maintains records of incoming grants, constituent recognition and thank you
letters
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff, and
constituents
*Performs other duties as assigned
*Takes initiative to identify needs and takes action to complete tasks required
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong oral and written communication skills
*Familiarity with local, state, and federal agencies and departments
*Familiarity with issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is
involved
*Proficiency with word processing and spreadsheets
*Professional telephone manner
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner
*Ability to perform the essential job functions above
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply: Please send resume, cover letter, and three professional references
to: CA49.applications@mail.house.gov
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
MEM-430-22

Description: The staff member in this position acts as a liaison to federal, district,
and local agencies for the Member of Congress and constituents. The District
Representative is charged with helping constituents with casework and engaging
the residents of the 49th Congressional District, including planning meetings and
events with the Member of Congress.
Page 9 of 17

This position is based in Dana Point.
Responsibilities:
The person in this role is specifically responsible for building and maintaining
relationships with communities in South Orange County, the veteran and
military-connected communities throughout CA-49, and more. This role involves
handling constituent casework with various federal agencies, with a focus on the
Veterans Affairs Administration and the Department of Defense.
Other responsibilities include planning and staffing in-district events, meetings,
and site visits; working closely with the District Office and Washington, DC
office staff on local and assigned policy issues and areas; and establishing
relationships with local military and veterans groups, including attendance at key
meetings and ensuring the office is tracking events and functions to facilitate the
Member’s attendance.
Qualifications:
Successful applicants should have a thorough knowledge of California’s 49th
district, familiarity with the military and veterans communities, a service-oriented
attitude, strong organizational skills, proficiency at prioritizing and managing
multiple projects at one time, a capacity to work both independently and as part
of a team, and strong written and oral communications skills. Preference may be
given to residents of the 49th District.
Veterans and applicants with military connections are encouraged to apply.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
To Apply: Please send resume, cover letter, three professional references, and
writing sample to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov
MEM-427-22

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks an experienced Legislative
Director to oversee the legislative team in the Washington, DC office.
This is not an entry-level position and significant Capitol Hill experience is
required. The Legislative Director will manage a large and diverse portfolio,
while creatively and effectively identifying new policy areas to pursue. The ideal
candidate will demonstrate an ability to manage and mentor staff, think
strategically, and advance legislation and policy initiatives.

Page 10 of 17

Required Skills:
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills;
•Ability to concisely communicate in real time and under pressure important and
often complex policy issues;
•Capability to manage a team of policy professionals and develop communication
and analytical skills in that team;
•Clear understanding of the legislative process and ability to execute a legislative
strategy; and
•Excellent organization and time management skills and ability to prioritize tasks.
Role and Expectations:
•Manage a legislative team of 4-5 staff;
•Develop a legislative strategy in close consultation with the Member and Chief
of Staff;
•Set goals and develop strategic plans to meet those goals;
•Consistently monitor Congressional proceedings and develop strategies for best
advancing the Member’s goals;
•Work collaboratively as part of a team to accomplish goals;
•In consultation with the communications staff, ensure accomplishments are
communicated to constituents and stakeholders in the district.
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested
parties should e-mail a concise cover letter including salary requirements, a
resume, and two short writing samples (one narrative style and one issue brief)
to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: Full Name –
Legislative Director. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-425-22

A conservative Member of the Republican Conference on an “A“ committee
seeks a Legislative Correspondent with strong writing skills.
The Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent will work with the Legislative
Director to respond to constituent inquiries and maintain a legislative portfolio
while assisting senior staff with various projects. They will serve as the first point
of contact for our office, coordinate constituent arrangements including tours and
flag requests, and assist the staff with the daily responsibilities and duties of a
Congressional office.
The ideal candidate will be detail-orientated, creative, possess a strong
willingness and desire to learn and grow, and have an interest in legislative issues
and a strong work ethic.
Capitol Hill experience and Tennessee ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit their resume with the subject line “Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent—First Name, Last Name”
to leah.bane@mail.house.gov

Page 11 of 17

MEM-424-22

A conservative Member of the Republican Conference on an “A” committee is
expanding his communications team, and to that end seeks a Press
Assistant/Digital Director.
The Press Assistant/Digital Director will report directly to the Communications
Director and be responsible for managing and creating digital content for all
social media channels, including graphics and videos, tracking and analyzing
daily press clips and weekly social media traffic, maintaining and updating the
press list monthly, and other communications-centric duties as assigned and as
their experience grows.
The ideal candidate will be detail-orientated, creative, and have an interest or
experience in digital communications and a strong work ethic. This is an
excellent opportunity for a current or former Congressional intern (or similar
position) or a current or former Staff Assistant interested in pursuing a career in
Communications in an office with a growing Communications Department.
Capitol Hill experience and Tennessee ties are preferred but not required.
Interested applicants should submit their resume with the subject line “Press
Assistant/Digital Director—First Name, Last Name”
to dylan.jones@mail.house.gov

MEM-423-22

Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) seeks a Scheduler for his Washington,
D.C. office. Interested candidates should send resumes and cover letters
to gopwesternjobs1776@gmail.com.
The Scheduler will be expected to work closely with the Chief of Staff to
coordinate the Member’s DC schedule, arrange travel plans, and manage day to
day logistics. Additionally, this role will oversee the office’s intern program.
Job Duties:
•Works with the Member, Chief of Staff, and District Director to determine and
finalize the Member’s daily and long-term schedule.
•Manage all incoming meeting requests and invitations.
•Coordinates all travel arrangements.
•Process/schedule all incoming tour requests.
•Manage the office’s internship program.
Requirements:
•Able to coordinate and manage several scheduling activities with multiple
parties
•Able to manage varying priorities and adapt to rapidly changing situations
impacting the schedule
•Experience handling sensitive information and maintaining confidentiality
•Adaptable and organized with a keen attention to detail
Page 12 of 17

•Strong decision-making skills and comfortable navigating challenging situations
•Works well under pressure
MEM-421-22

Congressman Earl Blumenauer is seeking a Staff Assistant to serve in his
Washington, D.C. Office. The position begins on September 12.
As staff assistant, this person will provide administrative support to the staff,
recruit and manage the office interns, greet visitors, answer phones, and check
voicemails, and respond to constituent requests for services including tours and
flags. Additionally, they will assist the Legislative Correspondent with their
duties.
The ideal candidate will be enthusiastic, detail-oriented, an excellent writer, and
comfortable in a fast-paced environment.
Salary ranges from $50,000 - $60,000, depending on experience. Our office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. People of color
and people from underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply, as are
candidates with Oregon ties.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to Resume.Blumenauer@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line.

MEM-416-22

Senior progressive appropriator and member of House leadership seeks a
Legislative Aide to help manage constituent casework and manage a small
legislative portfolio to include: Fin Serv, Tax and Trade, Veterans, Animals,
Postal Services and Sports.
Job Duties:
•Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies;
•Informs the District Director of all happenings in his or her assigned issue areas
by screening district media sources and interacting with constituents;
•Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Chief of Staff/Legislative Director
•Works with the Legislative Director and Chief of Staff to formulate and advance
legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas
•Tracks legislation and coordinates co-sponsorship of bills for the Member
•Provides input to help the Communications Director to draft speeches, press
releases, op-eds, and Congressional Record statements for the Member

Page 13 of 17

Requirements:
•Strong progressive values
•Experience researching public policy and preparing recommendations for a
Member of Congress or other executives/leaders (e.g., Federal
department/agency, non-profit organization, private sector)
•Strong written and verbal communication skills
•Experience making decisions and advising senior leaders on important issues
•Comfortable navigating challenging situations and being politically savvy
•Prior experience with forming partnerships and advancing legislative priorities
for a Member of Congress
•Prioritization and time management skills, with the ability to manage multiple
projects at a time
•Knowledge of issues in portfolio
The successful candidate is innovative, extremely well organized, a team player,
and a self-starter who pays exceptional attention to details. Spanish language
skills and/or CA ties are a plus.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and short writing sample
to lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Aide” in the subject line.
MEM-412-22

STAFF ASSISTANT – Congressman Matt Cartwright (PA-08) seeks Staff
Assistant for Capitol Hill front desk duties, including answering phones, greeting
visitors, recruiting and managing D.C. interns, processing flag and tour requests,
and other office-supporting administrative tasks.
Some communications and constituent correspondence work is also included in
the job. Salary: $45,000.
Candidates should send resume and cover letter
to democratic.hilljob@gmail.com.
Office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining
an inclusive and diverse work environment. Women, candidates of color, and
LGBTQ+ candidates are encouraged to apply.

MEM-410-22

The Office of Congressman Dwight Evans (D-PA-03) seeks a highly motivated
and creative individual to join the Washington, D.C. team as the Congressman’s
Digital Media Manager.

Page 14 of 17

The primary function of this job will be supporting the Congressman’s
communication platforms to ensure his priorities and message extend to as many
constituents as possible. This position reports directly to the Congressman’s
Communications Director. Candidates must have strong writing and digital media
skills, be highly organized, energetic, and be capable of thriving in a fast-paced
and rapidly changing environment. The ability to meet deadlines is a must.
Proficiency with social media tools and standard Microsoft Office and Adobe
software tools is required. District knowledge and familiarity is preferred.
Responsibilities include, and are not limited to: drafting daily social media
content on all of the Congressman’s official platforms, creating graphics, editing
videos, sending daily news clips, drafting op-eds on a variety of issues and enewsletters, working with district staff to produce regular virtual and tele-town
hall meetings, coordinating the draft of the Congressman’s annual State of the
District report, and consistently monitoring and updating the Congressman’s
website.
Qualified candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three examples of
your work, including at least one writing sample
to PA03.Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-409-22

SUMMARY:
The Outreach Manager monitors and updates the Member and District Director
on district and local issues in respective region. This position is responsible for
overseeing and executing outreach activities that maintain and strengthen
relationships between the Member and community leaders, constituents and
organizations as well as helping constituents navigate the services and assistance
with the federal government. This position assists with office operations,
constituent casework, participates in community projects and events, and actively
works to implement the outreach throughout the region. This position reports
directly to the District Director.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Outreach
•Serve as eyes and ears of the Congresswoman in the respective region of District
•Identify, develop and maintain relationships with key stakeholders and
constituency groups.
•Create and maintain contact list of community and constituency group leaders
for assigned outreach issue areas;
•Recommend strategic outreach planning and the development resulting from
Congresswoman’s legislative agenda and priorities
Page 15 of 17

•Engage constituent groups and their leadership to identify public policy
problems & discuss legislative objectives and foster collaboration through
advanced outreach;
•Develop forward looking events, town hall meetings and discussions to convey
the office message and engage local residents.
•Attend related meetings and events to listen & learn from constituents and to
communicate the status of specific legislation and Congresswoman’s priorities;
Constituent Services
•Responsible for the general administrative operations
•Respond and triage constituent calls and mail; respond to walk-in constituents,
stakeholders, etc.
•Casework Issues:
•Prepare certificates, proclamations, etc. for local and regional entities in
coordination with staff assistant
•Compose letters of support as requested by various stakeholders, recognize
constituents for their achievements in the community as well as thank you and
follow up notes for meetings/events in region
•Identify casework of significant public interest and assess casework for problems
that may require legislative action and make recommendations to District
Director, Deputy District Director and Senior Casework Liaison.
•Assist constituents and businesses who have issues or problems interacting with
the Federal government and act as a liaison to federal agencies.
Operations
•Work in coordination with the Scheduler and District Director to strategically
plan events and activities
•Represent and staff the Congresswoman at meetings/events with advocates /
businesses / organizations / constituents
•Prepare Congresswoman for district meeting/events
•Provide information on upcoming events by scanning newspapers, city/town
websites, social media, chamber emails, etc.
•Assist in planning and executing events as well as advancing events
Press
•Work with Communications Team to help publicize major district events in the
region
•Recommend and help prepare Congresswoman for press opportunities pertaining
to local issues in region
Other
•Drive the Congresswoman to meetings/events when appropriate.
•Other related duties as required
EDUCATION, SKILLS, AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Bachelor’s degree in a related field (may be substituted for two or more years of
related experience)
•Strong organizational, research, writing and communication skills
•At least a basic knowledge of legislative process;
Page 16 of 17

•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Relationships with key stakeholders and knowledge of district issues and events
in the district;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework and outreach responsibilities;
•Knowledge of office computer applications; and proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Field duties sometimes require work during regular office hours and some nights
and weekends. Employee must be able to travel and hold a valid driver’s license.
•Employee must be able to work in a moderately noisy and crowded work
environment without an expectation of privacy.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to raul.martinez@mail.house.gov

Page 17 of 17

