House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 28, 2015
MEM-303-15

Republican Congressman seeks Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent,
with an interest communications and press, to manage all aspects of
constituent correspondence and general day-to-day office operations.
Duties will include sorting and tracking incoming mail, emails, and phone
calls, and responding to mail in a timely manner, as well as assisting
Communications Director when needed. In addition, the position is
responsible for front office reception duties, answering phone calls, greeting
visitors, and other constituent services. Successful candidates must
demonstrate strong writing ability, exceptional organization skills, attention to
detail and must be able to work quickly in a fast paced environment.
Proficiency in Fireside and California ties are a plus.
Please send resume and cover letter to cagopjobs@gmail.com.

MEM-302-15

Congresswoman Norma J. Torres is seeking an energetic, communityoriented individual for the position of District Representative.
The position will be based in the Ontario, CA District Office.
The District Representative will act as a liaison between constituent groups
Page 1 of 6

and Congresswoman Torres, in addition to initiating community outreach
projects. The District Representative will respond to in-person, written and
telephone inquiries from constituents, as well as make legislative and
ceremonial presentations on behalf of Congresswoman Torres. The District
Representative will also maintain an awareness and involvement in district
affairs, representing the Congresswoman at public events in the district. In
addition, the District Representative will work with the Press Secretary to
maintain Congresswoman Torres’ social media accounts.
Necessary qualifications:










Strong public speaking skills
Flexible schedule; the ability to attend early morning, evening and
weekend events
The ability to handle difficult situations with courtesy, tact and
compassion
Strong writing skills
Problem solving abilities
The ability to exercise a high degree of initiative
The ability to work independently and use good judgment
The ability to maintain confidentiality
Knowledge of the cities, communities and issues of concern to the 35th
Congressional District

Bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
caldemresumes@gmail.com with “District Representative” in the subject.
No phone calls please.
MEM-292-15

Progressive Tennessee Member seeks experienced, media-savvy, proactive
Communications Director to manage a fast-paced communications
operation. Responsibilities include developing and implementing a
coordinated and strategic communications plan; identifying emerging press
opportunities; writing press releases, talking points, speeches and op-eds;
pitching stories and responding to press inquiries; booking interviews on radio
and television; scheduling and organizing press events; managing
congressional website, Facebook and Twitter accounts; producing a
comprehensive weekly e-newsletter and regular print mailings to constituents;
and fostering strong relationships with reporters to secure local and national
coverage of the member's work.
Must work closely with DC and district staff to quickly grasp legislative and
local issues and communicate them effectively. Additionally, CD will be
responsible for portions of the office's mail operation. Strong political
judgment, good sense of humor and ability to work under short deadlines in a
Page 2 of 6

rapidly changing environment is required. Must be comfortable with and
show good judgment speaking on the record with press. Ideal candidate will
have an existing network of press contacts, strong writing skills, political
savvy and ability to strategically connect DC policy with district press
opportunities.
Ideal candidate will have at least 3 years’ experience in media relations or in
journalism. Hill experience and Tennessee ties are a plus, as are knowledge
of Judiciary and Transportation issues.
Interested parties should send a cover letter, resume and 2 writing samples to
cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-285-15

Senior California Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant for Washington, D.C.
office. Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering the telephone,
scheduling tours and responding to constituent requests for general
information and other inquiries. This position also monitors delivery and
pickup of materials, maintains the front office, and assists with various
administrative duties. The Staff Assistant must maintain a good relationship
with the Member, staff and constituents, accept performance based criticism
and direction, and work well under pressure. The applicant must be prepared
to work a flexible schedule. A valid Driver’s License is required. Salary is
commensurate with experience. Previous hill experience preferred but not
required.
Please send cover letter and resume to CapHillPositions@gmail.com.
No phones or drop-ins please.

MEM-284-15

Senior Democrat seeks an Office Administrator/Assistant Scheduler for
Washington, D.C. office. The Office Administrator/Assistant Scheduler will
work closely with the Scheduler to manage and prepare the Member’s
schedule, respond to scheduling requests and proactively arrange meetings,
arrange the Member’s travel, coordinate with district staff, assist with office
budgeting and maintain various administrative demands.
Qualified candidates will have office/administrative experience, knowledge of
the Congressional work setting, and ability to juggle multiple demands under
pressure. Previous Capitol Hill experience preferred but not required. A
valid Driver’s License is required. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Please send cover letter and resume to CapHillGigs@yahoo.com.
No phones or drop-ins please.

Page 3 of 6

MEM-276-15

Colorado Republican seeking Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant
with strong writing skills. Responsibilities include: management of
constituent mail and social media accounts; execution of 499 program;
drafting op-eds, press releases, and talking points; coordinating media efforts;
and working directly with the Communications Director. Applicants should
be able to write quickly and effectively in a fast paced environment. Colorado
ties and Hill experience a plus.
Please send a cover letter, writing sample, and resume to
ColoradoRepublican06@gmail.com.

MEM-273-15

Senior Member of Congress from the southern US seeks an experienced
staffer for a Legislative Director position. Only current/previous Legislative
Directors or Senior Legislative Assistants with experience will be considered.
Incumbent will be responsible for driving member legislative initiatives,
briefing the member and Chief of Staff on all policy matters, meetings with
relevant public interest groups and constituents, providing real time vote
recommendations, and assisting the Chief of Staff on policy matters.
Position requires a comprehensive knowledge of House procedures as well as
a working knowledge of all current issues debated in the House.
Team-oriented skill, outgoing personality, sense of humor, strong written and
oral communication and analytical skills, attention to detail, and management
skills are requirements. Staff members with ties to the south and staff with a
legal background will be given special consideration.
Send a cover letter, resume, 2 writing samples, and salary requirements to
HouseStaffOpening@gmail.com. NO PHONE CALLS OR DROP INS.

MEM-265-15

Democratic Member has an opening for a Legislative Assistant to handle a
portfolio of judiciary issues and health care, among other
issues. Responsibilities will include developing and tracking legislative
initiatives, preparing briefing materials, representing the member in meetings
with interested parties, and writing constituent mail and floor statements.
An ability to work well with others in a fast-paced team environment and
strong writing skills, as well as a sense of humor, are a must.
The ideal candidate will have a law degree, previous Hill experience, and ties
to Maryland.
Please send cover letter with salary expectations, resume, two short writing
samples, and a list of references with subject line “Legislative Assistant” to
4mdresumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop bys, please.

Page 4 of 6

MEM-261-15

Colorado Republican seeking Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant
with strong writing skills. Responsibilities include: management of
constituent mail and social media accounts; execution of 499 program;
drafting op-eds, press releases, and talking points; coordinating media efforts;
and working directly with the Communications Director. Applicants should
be able to write quickly and effectively in a fast paced environment. Colorado
ties and Hill experience a plus.
Please send a cover letter, writing sample, and resume to
ColoradoRepublican06@gmail.com.

MEM-249-15

Active Texas Democrat seeking enthusiastic, well-organized Legislative
Assistant in a fast-paced team-oriented office. Applicant must be able to
multi-task, have strong work ethic and the ability to work flexible hours.
Ideal candidate should have at least 1-2 years of Hill legislative experience
coupled with some knowledge of finance and healthcare policy. This is NOT
an entry-level position. Individual interested in this position must have strong
written and oral communication skills and the ability to work under pressure
to meet deadlines.
Job description includes assisting the Legislative Director/Deputy Chief of
Staff in managing the Congressman’s legislative agenda, drafting talking
points, floor statements, Congressional Record entries, briefing memos,
hearing questions as well as representing the Congressman at meetings both
on and off the hill and in the district.
Texas ties are a plus.
Please e-mail resume and cover letter to
TXLegislativeAssistant@Mail.House.Gov.
NO PHONE CALLS OR DROP-BYS PLEASE.

MEM-248-15

Republican Member seeks a highly-qualified individual to serve as scheduler.
The scheduler will work closely with the Chief of Staff to manage and
prepare the Member’s schedule, respond to scheduling requests and
proactively arrange meetings, arrange the Member’s travel, coordinate with
district staff, and maintain administrative demands. This is not an entry level
position. Qualified candidates will have at least one year of Capitol Hill
scheduling experience, knowledge of the Congressional work setting, and
ability to juggle multiple demands under pressure. Maturity, confidentiality,
and discretion are essential. Owning or having consistent access to a car is
preferred, as well as ties to the Northeast.
POC for resumes submission: Matt.Hutson@mail.house.gov.

Page 5 of 6

MEM-245-15

West Coast Democrat is seeking highly organized, hard-working legislative
director with extensive knowledge of the legislative process and House
Rules. Applicants must have LD experience or a minimum of 3 years Senior
LA experience and demonstrate an ability to manage and mentor staff, think
strategically, develop and implement legislative plans and achieve results.
A successful candidate will have excellent writing, analytical, and oral
communications skills along with a good sense of humor.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and two short writing samples
to westcoastdem2015@gmail.com.

MEM-221-15

Tennessee Democratic Congressman seeks a staff assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office. Duties will include managing front desk, greeting
visitors, answering telephones, conducting and organizing tours, processing
flag requests, assisting the D.C. staff on various projects, maintaining office
equipment and supplies, writing member’s correspondence, and serving as
intern coordinator. Applicants should have extraordinary organizational
skills, outstanding time management skills, excellent writing skills,
superlative communications skills, familiarity with the Microsoft Office Suite,
a positive attitude and a sense of humor.
Please e-mail cover letter and resume to cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov.
Absolutely no phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins, please.

MEM-213-15

Northern California Democrat Seeks Legislative Correspondent –
Primary responsibilities include coordinating an active mail program with
quick response time, researching legislative issues, and drafting responses to
constituent inquires. Candidates should have excellent organizational and
written skills and the ability to work well as part of a team.
This is not an entry level job and previous Hill experience is preferred.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and two recent writing samples to
CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.

MEM-207-15

Conservative Texan is seeking a Legislative Assistant for his Washington,
DC office. Legislative responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
Agriculture, Energy, Taxes, Judiciary, Environment, and Veterans issues, as
well as, drafting memos and providing voting recommendations.
Candidates must possess strong writing and organizational skills.
Capitol Hill experience and Texas ties are strongly preferred.
All prospective applicants can email cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to TXGOPJob@gmail.com.

Page 6 of 6

