House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 19, 2019

MEM-606-19

Midwest Republican seeks an energetic and enthusiastic Press Secretary.
The ideal candidate must be a strong writer, have the ability to work in a fastpace environment and be able to manage multiple tasks.
In addition, the successful candidate must have a keen attention to detail and a
strong work ethic. Primary responsibilities include writing press releases, opeds, franked mail, managing social media and the official website. The
individual would also develop and maintain good relationships with district,
state and national media.
Qualified candidates must have at least two to three years of relevant
experience on Capitol Hill. Interested candidates who meet these
qualifications should submit their resume, cover letter and a writing sample to
ResumeIN@mail.house.gov

MEM-599-19

Progressive Southern California Democrat seeks an experienced
Communication Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, energetic, and be
attentive to detail. This position will be based in the Member’s Washington,
DC office.
Page 1 of 9

The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for
developing and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan,
including social media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media
outlets. Moreover, the Communications Director will oversee day-to-day
press operations including responding to media inquiries, booking the
Member for interviews, pitching news opportunities to media outlets,
updating and maintaining the Member’s social media accounts, and producing
speeches, talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds and enewsletters. They will also be responsible for managing a Press Secretary and
working with the Member, Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and District
Director to develop and coordinate core messaging.
This is not an entry level position. Candidates must have previous pressrelated experience, be highly organized, proficient in multi-tasking, have
strong political acumen and instincts, and possess superior writing, editing,
and proof-reading skills. Additionally, the Communications Director must be
willing to work extended hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while
maintaining a positive demeanor and sense of humor. Capitol Hill experience
is preferred, and fluency in Spanish is a plus.
The annual salary range for this position is $60-75K commensurate with
experience. Please e- mail your resume, a cover letter including salary
requirements, and a writing sample to
Resume.inbox7@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director Position”
in the subject line.
The Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified candidates are
encouraged to apply.
MEM-592-19

The Office of Congresswoman Abby Finkenauer (IA-01) seeks an
experienced, creative, and motivated Communications Director to be a
senior member of the team. The ideal candidate will possess excellent written
and verbal communication skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, experience developing and pitching stories, and the ability to
execute a communications plan encompassing DC and in Iowa activities. The
candidate will also have congressional and/or campaign experience, a good
sense of humor, be able to foster a positive work environment, and have Iowa
ties.
This position would be based out of Washington DC or Iowa, with associated
travel as needed. The Communications Director will be expected to, among
other duties: act as the primary spokesperson for the Member; develop and
maintain relationships with media outlets in Iowa and nationally; implement a
communications plan in-district and in DC; develop and successfully pitch
press stories; oversee digital operations; mentor the Press Secretary; develop
Page 2 of 9

talking points, speeches, and press releases; hold regular media preparation
sessions; work collaboratively with Iowa and national team members on all
aspects of the office; and facilitate successful events and earned media in the
district.
TO APPLY: Please e-mail a detailed resume and two writing samples to
IA01Resumes@mail.house.gov. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-587-19

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR: Senior House Member seeks an
experienced communications director to develop and execute press, media,
and communications operations. This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities include: 1) cultivating and maintaining relationships with
local and national outlets and reporters; 2) confidentiality, thoughtful
discretion, and independent judgement in representing the Member’s position
on policy issues; and 3) writing speeches, opinions, press releases, statements,
book forwards, and other public documents.
Strong candidates will have:
•exceptional communications (written, verbal, and listening) skills;
•expertise in all aspects of media standards and relations, including on- and
off-record press management;
•digital media and newsroom experience;
•a proven attention to detail;
•the capacity to work under short deadlines in a high profile office; and
•knowledge of the legislative process and current events.
Applicants with ties to the South are encouraged to apply. The Office is a
collaborative and committed team of public servants -- where good humor
and non-traditional work hours are expected. The Office is an equal
opportunity employer committed to and benefitting from an inclusive and
diverse work environment.
To apply, please e-mail a resume, cover letter and two writing samples in a
single combined PDF file to NewJobOpening@mail.house.gov with
“Communications Director” in the subject line. Drop-ins, phone calls,
correspondence, and inquiries sent anywhere other than to the above e-mail
address will not be considered.

MEM-568-19

The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commercial, and
Administrative Law seeks a hard-working lawyer with significant legal
experience to serve as counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Page 3 of 9

Subcommittee on matters of law and policy; drafting legislation; reviewing
documents submitted in response to Committee information requests;
coordinating hearings and witnesses; drafting statements, memos, and briefing
materials; and providing guidance to offices both on and off the
Subcommittee on matters of antitrust law.
A strong background in antitrust is required. Exceptional writing skills, sound
political judgment, and the ability to work closely and collaboratively with
other congressional offices and advocacy organizations are also strongly
preferred. The Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff,
and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Antitrust Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-567-19

The Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on
Energy and Commerce Majority, seeks a counsel to work on investigative
issues related to federal departments and agencies, especially those associated
with the committee’s broad jurisdiction. Experience with federal agencies
under the committee’s jurisdiction, including environment, energy, public
health, communications, or consumer protection, is a plus. Desired skills
include experience in congressional oversight and investigations and related
processes and procedures.
This position includes responsibilities in planning and conducting
congressional hearings, overseeing federal agencies, conducting research and
investigations, writing and editing, and conducting document review and
analysis. Successful candidate will be detail-oriented and possess strong
communication and writing skills. Applicants should have a record of
professional experience; J.D. required unless applicant has significant
experience in the areas described for this position.
Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at least two professional
references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-566-19

Rep. Paul Cook’s office seeks a Legislative Assistant to cover Native
American, public lands, environmental, and agricultural issues, among others.
Experience with House Natural Resources Committee, House Appropriations
Interior Subcommittee, and/or the Department of the Interior preferred.
California or Western state ties preferred. Strong writing proficiency required.
Candidate will be expected to prepare materials for committee hearings and
vote recommendations for markups in the House Natural Resources
Committee.

Page 4 of 9

This person will also be responsible for drafting, introducing, and managing
legislation related to his/her issue areas. Additionally, this person will work
with fellow staffers to prepare vote recommendations for legislation before
the House. This person will work with the Communications Director to draft
press releases, editorials, and social media posts related to the aforementioned
policy areas.
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 1-2 years legislative-branch,
executive-branch, or relevant experience.
Please send a resume and cover letter to anna.dove2@mail.house.gov.
MEM-555-19

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology
seeks a Press Assistant. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, have
strong writing skills, and a strong work ethic.
Duties will include, but are not limited to, drafting press releases, statements,
and op-eds; staffing Committee hearings and markups; and assisting with
maintenance of the official website and social media platforms. Hill
experience and an interest in science policy is a plus.
Qualified applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and
sample social media graphic to sciresumes@mail.house.gov with “Press
Assistant” in the subject line. We are equal opportunity employers; we do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-541-19

The Office of Congressman Harley Rouda (CA-48) is seeking a Press/Digital
Assistant in his Orange County office.
Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing, and social media skills,
as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing software. One to
two years of experience in a press or digital media role (including internships)
preferred.
This position requires the ability to thrive under pressure, multi-task, and
work in a team environment.
Responsibilities include:
•Drafting social posts + press releases
•Compiling daily press clips
•Assisting with speechwriting
•Maintaining/updating website
•Filming speeches + events
•Designing graphics + editing photos/videos

Page 5 of 9

Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and a short writing
sample/portfolio to ca48resumes@gmail.com with "Orange County
Press/Digital Assistant" in the subject line.
MEM-539-19

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on
Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure
office. The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for
reviewing and providing guidance on a high volume of financial disclosure
issues, education, and training to Members of Congress and their staff through
frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members
of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates
must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive
matters that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government
ethics, ethics counseling, corporate finance, securities law, and criminal law.
Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and
short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase
“FD Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-533-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to work on a broad range of portfolio issues. The ideal candidate
will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid
grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy.
This is not an entry level position. Excellent writing, verbal and
organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter
while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities will include
drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and
preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. North Carolina ties preferred. Please send
applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative
Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-532-19

Southern Republican seeks an energetic Press Assistant to support
Communications Director. The ideal candidate will have experience in social
media management and communications. Excellent writing, verbal and
organizational skills are essential along with the ability to efficiently
communicate while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include maintaining social media accounts to
consistent communication with media networks.
Page 6 of 9

Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Press Assistant” in the subject line.
MEM-531-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Communications
Director. The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of member experience on
the Hill. This is not an entry level position. Excellent writing, verbal and
organizational skills are essential along with the ability to create and produce
in a timely fashion while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include management of social media accounts to
maintaining active and consistent engagement on various media networks.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Communications Director” in the
subject line.

MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally
2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep
understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements
and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.

MEM-462-19

The Office of the Law Revision Counsel—a small, nonpartisan office within
the U.S. House of Representatives—seeks an attorney to assist in the editing
and publishing of the United States Code, the codification of general and
permanent Federal statutory law.
The editorial work needed to maintain the U.S. Code involves a number of
tasks, including:
•reading new laws to determine which provisions should appear in the Code
and where,
•updating the Code to reflect new law and amendments to existing law,
•writing concise editorial notes to explain amendments, effective dates,
Page 7 of 9

references within the text to other laws, and a variety of other legislative
concepts,
•preparing statutory citations and tables, and
•identifying errors in grammar and spelling—
•all while conforming to very strict style guidelines.
In addition to the basic tasks required to integrate new laws into the Code,
other duties may be required, such as reviewing drafts of bills to enact titles as
positive law, doing extensive research and editorial work to improve the
organization of existing provisions in the Code, and assisting in the
continuing modernization of the Office, including support of online and
machine readable versions of the Code.
Qualifications
•J.D. degree and attorney license in any U.S. jurisdiction or intention to obtain
license within one year.
•At least one year of professional experience in editing or publishing,
preferably in the legal field.
•Meticulous attention to detail and dedication to accuracy.
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
•Absolute proficiency in grammar, spelling, and usage.
•Ability to analyze and summarize complex legal issues.
•Ability to identify issues affecting Federal statutes and explain them clearly
and concisely within firmly established parameters.
Other conditions to note:
Familiarity with Federal or State statutory law is highly desirable.
This position is better suited to someone able to engage in extended periods of
solitary work, often involving tedious and repetitive tasks.
The ability to adhere to, and function comfortably within, established styles
and practices is essential.
Please be aware that this is a long-term career position with the Office, not a
stepping stone to another position within Congress or the Federal
Government.
Applicant Instructions
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter with salary
requirements to:
uscodeapplicant@mail.house.gov
Applicants will be evaluated based on the ability to meet the qualifications
stated above. Significant weight will be given to the applicant's cover letter. If
chosen for an interview, an applicant will be requested to submit a writing
sample.
Page 8 of 9

MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible
schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 9 of 9

