House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 28, 2019

MEM-052-19

The Republican Staff of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, the chief
investigative body of the House of Representatives, seeks a Staff Assistant to
perform administrative functions, research projects, and other special
assignments. Qualified candidates will have previous Hill or public policy
experience, hold a Bachelors’ Degree, and be knowledgeable about or
interested in congressional oversight. The ideal candidate will possess a
strong research and writing skills, a demonstrated attention to detail, the
ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment, work well on teams, and a be
willing to accomplish a variety of assignments quickly and effectively.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
oversight.committee@mail.house.gov.

Page 1 of 28

MEM-049-19

A Texas Democrat seeks an experienced Military Legislative Assistant to
oversee a wide-ranging policy portfolio including Armed Services Committee
work. This is not an entry-level position and a minimum of 3 years of
legislative or equivalent experience is required. Responsibilities include
staffing member in committee, drafting bills, tracking legislation, writing
talking points, providing vote recommendations, and meeting with
constituents and interest groups. Ideal candidates will have excellent research
and writing skills, and the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines.
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Former military service,
Texas ties, and an active security clearance are a plus. To apply, please send a
cover letter, resume, and writing sample to TX16Resumes@gmail.com and
write “Military Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. No phone calls,
faxes, or walk-ins, please.

MEM-048-19

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks a qualified
Legislative Director.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to advise the Member on all legislative areas;
•to assist in development of policy positions and legislative initiatives; and
•to manage and supervise the office's legislative staff.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•at least 3 years of legislative experience;
•at least 2 years of management experience;
•strong academic credentials;
•strong leadership and organizational skills;
•excellent oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work well under pressure;
•thorough knowledge of the legislative process; and
•availability to work long hours and at night.
DUTIES:
•ensures that the legislative staff is properly focused on the Member's
legislative goals;
•works to formulate positions on legislative issues;
•monitors legislative activity on the House floor and handles long-term and
Page 2 of 28

short-term legislative planning for the Member;
•oversees the progression of bills with which the Member is involved as they
move from Committee to the floor;
•recommends strategies and tactics on bills and positions; • assigns legislative
staff areas of responsibility;
•trains and supervises legislative staff;
•schedules and directs legislative staff meetings;
•meets with groups of key constituents or other office visitors, as necessary;
•recommends co-sponsorships of legislation to the Member;
•writes and reviews legislative memos;
•hires legislative staff, with approval of the Chief of Staff and the Member,
when necessary;
•oversees legislative activities of the office in the absence of the Chief of
Staff;
•maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation in which the Member is a principal sponsor, or legislation which
the Member is a cosponsor;
•monitors and reports on floor action to the Member and the Chief of
Staff/Administrative Assistant;
•coordinates responses to all legislative mail;
•staff the member at meeting an events connected to legislative priorities;
•assists organizations and constituents in the district with federal matters; and
•performs other duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to
TX29SG.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “TX-29 Legislative Director” in the
subject line.
Female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-046-19

Press/Digital Assistant – Progressive Democrat and Senior Member of the
House Judiciary Committee is seeking a Press/Digital Assistant to work
closely with the Communications Director to elevate the Member’s
communications operation. Duties will include monitoring and maintenance
of the Member’s social media accounts, drafting and posting content for
Page 3 of 28

social media, producing graphics and videos, maintaining the website,
compiling daily press clips, meticulously proofreading and fact-checking
written materials (including letters, social media posts, press releases,
newsletters, talking points, and more), creating e-newsletters and franked
mailings, creating targeted mailing lists for mass outreach campaigns, and
other responsibilities assigned. The ideal candidate will be organized, detailoriented, tech-savvy, able to work long hours in a fast-paced environment,
have superior writing and proofreading skills and the ability to work closely
with a communications and legislative team. Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District,
previous congressional or campaign experience, and
photography/videography/graphic design skills strongly preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, 2 writing samples,
an original graphic and/or video, and sample tweets to
tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov. Please write “Press/Digital Assistant” in the
subject line. Please be aware this office has a dog. No phone calls, faxes, or
walk-ins, please.

MEM-043-19

Staff Assistant: Veterans Committee Majority
The Democratic staff of the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on
Veterans’ Affairs seeks a Staff Assistant to handle administrative tasks, event
coordination, workflow tracking, constituent communication, research, and
other tasks as needed. A qualified candidate has a Bachelors’ degree, Hill or
political experience, and knowledge of military and veterans issues. He or she
should be extremely organized, hardworking, creative and willing to handle
any task necessary get the job done. Perfect job for organized, self-starter
looking to work in a fast-paced environment and gain Hill experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women,
minorities, and LGBTQ candidates to apply. Veterans are also strongly
encouraged to apply. Please submit cover letter and resume to
hvactransition@gmail.com with Staff Assistant in the subject line.

Page 4 of 28

MEM-042-19

The Office of Congressman Ed Case (HI-01) seeks a hardworking and
detailed-oriented Staff Assistant in DC. Responsibilities include answering
the phone, greeting visitors, leading tours, processing flag requests, and
handling other administrative tasks as assigned. Applicants will also perform
some legislative-related work, such as writing letters and evaluating bills for
cosponsorship. Hawai‘i ties and previous Hill experience strongly preferred.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples to
HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. Please,
no phone calls or drop-ins. .

MEM-039-19

The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead her media team. Ideal candidates will
possess a strong network of press and Hill contacts, and will have experience
creating dynamic communications strategies. Responsibilities include
planning and managing all aspects of the Congresswoman’s digital media;
writing press releases, op-eds, and talking points; pitching stories; developing
messaging; and conveying complex issues to a broad audience. A qualified
candidate will have a minimum of 4 years of experience in communications.
Hill or other political experience is strongly preferred. Spanish language
proficiency is required.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to
TX29SG.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “TX-29 Communications Director”
in the subject line.
Female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

Page 5 of 28

MEM-038-19

A Texas Democrat seeks a hardworking Legislative Aide to oversee the mail
program and handle a small policy portfolio. Responsibilities include
managing a high-volume mail program, researching legislative issues, and
drafting timely responses. Ideal candidates will have excellent research and
writing skills, and the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines.
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Texas ties, knowledge of
Fireside 21, and Spanish fluency are a plus, but not required. To apply, please
send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample to TX16Resumes@gmail.com
and write “Legislative Aide” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or
walk-ins, please.

MEM-037-19

Midwestern Democratic Representative seeks an experienced
Communications Director to serve in the Washington, D.C. office.
Applicants should have at least three years of experience on the Hill or in an
aggressive, proactive media environment. This position will manage all
communications and social media functions of the office, including
developing communications plans, maintaining relationships with both
national and district media, responding to daily media inquiries, and preparing
written materials, including speeches, talking points, newsletters, op-eds, and
direct mail. Qualified candidates must demonstrate extensive on-the-record
experience, creativity with the full range of social media platforms, an ability
to handle multiple projects simultaneously, and excellent oral and written
communications skills. Knowledge of Congressional process and public
policy is highly desirable. This is not an entry-level position. Please submit
resume and two writing samples to press.resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-036-19

Democrat seeks Senior Legislative Assistant or Legislative Director
depending on qualifications to handle financial services, tax, economic issues,
and other domestic policy issues. Candidate must have substantial
Congressional experience and understand the legislative process. A successful
applicant will possess strong writing and verbal communication skills, work
well with others, and be comfortable in a fast-paced environment. To apply,
please e-mail a resume and cover letter to financeservicesla@gmail.com. No
phone calls or drop-ins please.
Page 6 of 28

MEM-035-19

PA House Republican member seeks a pro-active, experienced
communications director to implement strategic media plan in a fast-paced
and results-driven environment. Successful candidates will be comfortable
multi-tasking and managing deadlines. Must have proven track-record, and
ability to manage website, social media platforms, and experience managing a
robust constituent outreach program. Outstanding writing skills and strong
managerial skills are required. This is not an entry level position. Qualified
candidates should submit resume and cover letter to
pa01communication@gmail.com

MEM-029-19

Northeast Democrat seeks enthusiastic Legislative Director to coordinate and
oversee the Member’s legislative agenda, along with advising the Member on
legislative activities and leading legislative staff. This is not an entry-level
position. An ideal candidate will have at least 3 years of legislative experience
on the Hill. Successful applicants must have a demonstrated ability to manage
and mentor staff, think strategically, and have experience in formulating
strategic plans for advancing legislation. Expert knowledge of House
legislative processes and procedures, excellent organization and
communication skills, and the ability to work under pressure and meet
deadlines is required. New Jersey ties are a plus but not required. Interested
parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to NJ10resumes@gmail.com
with the following subject line: First name Last Name - Legislative Director.
Applications received by January 16, 2019 will receive priority. No phone
calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.

MEM-027-19

SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT: Senior Member on the House
Committee on Transportation & Infrastructure is seeking qualified candidates
to staff the Member’s committee assignment in addition to managing a
diverse legislative issue portfolio. Candidates should be accomplished at
drafting, advancing, and analyzing legislation, monitoring legislative
developments, conducting research, and drafting vote recommendations. Ideal
candidates will have strong organizational and time management skills,
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a positive attitude.
Paramount is a solid knowledge of the legislative process as well as an ability
to work under pressure and meet deadlines in an unpredictable work
Page 7 of 28

environment, all while keeping a sense of humor. This is not an entry-level
legislative position. 2-3 years of Hill experience strongly preferred. MidSouth ties are a plus but not required. Women and minority candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply. Interested individuals should e-mail a resume
and 2 recent writing samples (no longer than 2 pages each) to
tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: [First name]
[Last Name] – Senior Legislative Assistant. Please be aware this office has a
dog. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.

MEM-025-19

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks
an attorney for an investigative counsel position. The Committee’s
investigative counsels are responsible for conducting investigations and
adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members and staff of the
U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position which requires
the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from political or
partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and
written/oral communications skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary
to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience
in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics; criminal
law; employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the
workplace; civil litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications;
depositions; and financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative
Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-024-19

Democratic House member from California seeks pro-active, experienced
communications director to develop and implement strategic media plan in a
fast-paced and results -driven environment. Must have proven track-record,
and ability to manage website and social media tools. Outstanding writing
skills and strong pitching skills are required. This is not an entry level
position. Qualified candidates should submit resume and cover letter to
commstaffer@gmail.com.

Page 8 of 28

MEM-020-19

The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a
Staff Assistant to handle administrative tasks, event coordination, workflow
tracking, research and other tasks as needed. He or she will work directly with
the Staff Director.
A qualified candidate has a bachelors’ degree and Hill experience or
knowledge of American politics. He or she should be extremely organized,
hardworking, creative and willing to handle any task necessary get the job
done. A degree in economics, political science or a related field is helpful but
not required. Perfect job for organized, self-starter looking to work in a fastpaced environment and gain Hill experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and referral
number 224743 in the subject line. All application materials must be
submitted by 5:00 pm EST on February 11.

MEM-011-19

Congresswoman Diana DeGette seeks a District Director based in her
Denver office. The full job description is below. The ideal candidate will be
creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be able to have fun
while maintaining a busy schedule. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
degettedistrictdirectorsearch@gmail.com.
SUMMARY:
The District Director manages all aspects of district office operations
Page 9 of 28

including community outreach, casework, and staff oversight and represents
the Congresswoman at events and meetings throughout the community.
Essential Management Functions
•Manages district office staff; including planning, assigning and directing
work. addressing complaints; and resolving problems.
•Manages district office budget and finances.
•Manages the Congresswoman’s schedule in coordination with the district
scheduler.
•Manages staff outreach to the local community with the assistance of the
outreach coordinator.
•Oversees the management of constituent casework with the Deputy District
Director coordinator.
•Ensures clear communication with the DC office and regular reporting of
district office activities to the Congresswoman.
•Coordinates closely with DC staff to develop and implement the overall
strategic plan for the Congresswoman’s staff.
Additional Essential Job Functions
•Initiates and maintains key relationships with elected and non-elected leaders
in the congressional district.
•Develops a keen understanding of the local political climate and the needs
and concerns of all the constituencies within the congressional district.
•Actively promotes the Congresswoman’s legislative goals and
accomplishments in the local community.
•Maintains direct outreach connections with specific constituencies as
assigned based on experience and the needs of the office.
•Represents the Congresswoman and/or assigns appropriate staff to do so in
meetings and at events with elected officials and local groups in the district.
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends.
•Assists constituents as needed.
•Performs other duties as assigned.

MEM-009-19

Democratic Chair-elect of the House Committee on Science, Space, and
Technology seeks to fill a Clerk opening on the Full Committee staff. Duties
include assisting with the preparation and conduct of markups, assisting with
hearing preparation, maintaining and archiving Committee records, assisting
with the printing of Committee documents, and executing other administrative
duties as needed. Applicants should possess strong organizational and
communication skills, the ability to work under tight deadlines, and be able to
multi-task effectively. Hill experience is required. Previous clerking
experience is strongly preferred. Please send a resume and cover letter to
SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This position will close on January 9, 2019.
Page 10 of 28

MEM-007-19

Description
Rep. Elijah E. Cummings is seeking a detail-oriented communications
professional to join the staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government
Reform as Press Secretary. The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, a
proactive team player, have experience with rapid responses, and be able to
multi-task in a fast-paced environment. This position reports directly to the
Communications Director.
Key Responsibilities
•Develop day-to-day press materials, including press releases, talking points,
statements, and media advisories.
•Field and respond to media inquiries.
•Seek to correct inaccurate reporting.
•Strategize with the Communications Director on interview requests.
•Staff the congressman at interviews and press events.
•Physically manage the press at Committee hearings.
•Work closely with member relations Committee staff to achieve goals for
Committee Members.
•Liaison with committee member and other congressional offices.
•Organize press conferences.
•Assist with overall communications strategy.
•Other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications
•A Bachelor’s degree in Journalism, English, Public Relations, or a closely
related field preferred.
•A minimum of four years of media relations and/or social media
coordination experience.
•Experience with rapid responses.
•A strong ability to perform multiple tasks accurately and efficiently in a fastpaced environment.
•Previous campaign experience a plus.
•Previous Hill experience a plus.
To Apply
Submit a cover letter and resume to oversightpress@mail.house.gov with
“Press Secretary Application” in the subject line. Applications will be
accepted until January 18. Please no drop-by applications, phone calls, or
separate emails.

Page 11 of 28

MEM-006-19

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Senior Health LA for Washington office.
Not an entry level job. Law degree a plus. Email cover letter, resume, and
three references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins
please) Reply with subject line, Senior Health LA.

MEM-005-19

Senior California Democrat seeks a motivated, energetic, and detail-oriented
Scheduler for the Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include
coordinating and maintaining the Member’s schedule, drafting personal
correspondence, and occasionally driving the member. Qualified applicants
must be personable, dependable, and able to juggle multiple tasks with
competing priorities. California ties preferred. Sense of humor required. To
apply, please submit resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to
CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com

Page 12 of 28

MEM-510-18

Rep. Ro Khanna, a very active leader of the Progressive Caucus, seeks a
Digital Specialist and Press Aide to create original content in videos, social
media and other messaging vehicles to expand the reach of the Member’s
vision and priorities. This individual will work collaboratively with the
Communications Director in managing the Member’s social media channels
(Facebook, Twitter and Instagram) and using the platforms to frequently share
content and elevate the Member’s online presence.
The Digital Specialist and Press Aide will work the Communications Director
to design and implement a robust communications/digital/social media plan.
This individual will be proficient in video/audio production, graphic design
and editing. Audio and video clips of various topics and events attended by
the Member will be used to develop creative content for use within videos and
online communications distributed by the office.
Successful candidates will possess at least two years of relevant video
experience in a legislative office, political organization or progressive
advocacy group; proficiency in video filming, editing and graphic design
software; knowledge of live-streaming platforms, digital trends and
developments in media; and strong organizational, time-management,
problem-solving and story-telling skills. After hours and weekend
responsiveness will be required.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
two writing samples, three graphic design samples and links to three samples
of video work. Please apply to RepRoKhannaCA17@gmail.com, applications
will be accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-456-18

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is
currently seeking a Deputy Clerk to assist the Chief Clerk in the 116th
Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to archiving and records
keeping, notices and circulations, official filings, editing letters and reports,
hearing, markup and conference logistics and proceeding, bill drops and floor
logistics, redlines, updates to the website, managing intern and fellowship
program, maintaining the documents room, updating and maintaining the
Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned. Candidates should
possess exceptional organizational skills, be comfortable with public
speaking, and have excellent writing and research skills. The Deputy clerk
will be required to assume all clerking duties in the absence of the Chief
Clerk. Previous congressional experience is highly encouraged. Salary
commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should email their cover
letter, resume and writing sample to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. To
ensure proper identification, please put “DEPUTY CLERK APPLICATION”
in the subject line.

Page 13 of 28

MEM-411-18

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Ranking Member
Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of investigative or
litigation experience. Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed
interviews, briefings, and congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates
must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be selfmotivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

Page 14 of 28

Page 15 of 28

Page 16 of 28

Page 17 of 28

