House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 22, 2016

MEM-267-16

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a press secretary for his
Washington office. Spanish skills and Hill experience a plus. Send resume,
brief writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov.
No drop-ins please.

MEM-256-16

North Bay legislative office seeking District Scheduler/Office Manager:
Responsibilities include coordinating the legislator’s California schedule by
making travel and meeting arrangements while anticipating and responding to
day-to-day developments; serving as the office's primary point of contact for
constituents, elected officials, and nonprofit and advocacy organizations
seeking meetings in the district; coordinating with staff (including field,
legislative, press, and campaign) to identify schedule priorities, and then
working proactively to make short- and long-term decisions to implement
plans; working directly with the district director, the legislator, and his family,
on logistics for work, travel, and personal matters. Also responsible for
assisting the Capitol office and District Director on maintaining financial and
expense records, and with various administrative duties. Opportunities for
Page 1 of 4

additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and abilities. A
successful candidate will be highly organized, detail oriented, possess strong
writing skills, have experience working in a fast-paced office, and the ability
to maintain a professional, flexible, and cheerful demeanor while managing
multiple and competing tasks and projects.
Please send cover letter and resume to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “CA02 District Scheduler/Office Manager.”
MEM-253-16

Ranking Democratic Member of the House Committee on Science, Space,
and Technology seeks professional staff member for the Committee’s
Environment Subcommittee. Duties include staffing hearings; preparing
memos, statements, and speeches; outreach to stakeholder groups; and
drafting legislation and conducting oversight. Applicant should have
familiarity and experience with environmental policy issues. Knowledge of
the programs and activities of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration is desirable. Applicant should possess strong writing,
organizational, and communications skills, including the ability to articulate
technical and policy issues clearly and concisely; the ability to be responsive
to and work with Members of the Committee; and the ability to meet tight
deadlines. The ideal candidate will have congressional and/or relevant
government or industry experience. No calls or drop-ins please. This is not an
entry-level position. Please send a resume and cover letter to
SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This position will close on September 9, 2016.

MEM-240-16

Congressman Keith Ellison (D-MN) seeks a Legislative Fellow for a fastpaced and busy Washington, DC congressional office. The fellow will work
on financial services issues including banking and capital markets, energy and
environment, small business, Native American, arts and humanities, and other
issues. Ideal candidates must have strong writing and verbal briefing skills,
analytical skills and a proactive approach to current issues. The fellow should
be punctual, responsible and trust-worthy. Candidates should have sharp
attention to detail, good time management skills, a positive attitude and
commitment to inclusive prosperity and environmental sustainability. This is
an unpaid fellowship although we will work with programs which provide
stipends for fellows. The position begins in August/September and runs
through December. Please send cover letter, resumé and writing sample by
August 12, to MN05fellow@mail.house.gov. Please no phone calls or dropins.

MEM-238-16

Active Texas Democrat seeking enthusiastic, well-organized Legislative
Assistant in a fast-paced team-oriented office. Portfolio includes but is not
limited to: energy, transportation, veterans affairs and armed services.
Applicant must be able to multi-task, have strong work ethic and the ability to
work flexible hours. Ideal candidate should have at least 2-3 years of Hill
legislative experience. This is NOT an entry-level position. Individual
interested in this position must have strong written and oral communication
Page 2 of 4

skills and the ability to work under pressure to meet deadlines. Willingness to
also serve as driver to Member a major plus. Please e-mail resume and cover
letter to TXLegislativeAssistant@Mail.House.Gov. NO PHONE CALLS OR
DROP-BYS PLEASE.
MEM-234-16

A Maryland Democrat is seeking a high energy, highly-organized, and detail
oriented Field Representative for his District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Serve as the official representative for the Member in the local community.
• Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships
for the Member.
• Monitor and update the Member and District Directors on district and local
issues of importance.
• Staff and provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and
events for the Member.
• Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Directors and Chief
of Staff.
• Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
• Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
• Train and supervise a staff of Interns to handle routine office matters, such
as incoming correspondence, visitors, telephone calls, and other issues that
may arise.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
• Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
• Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process.
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
• A working knowledge of the VA and military issues is a plus, but not
required.
• Maryland ties are a plus.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. To
apply, please email a resume and cover letter to MD06.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or walk-ins please
Page 3 of 4

Page 4 of 4

