House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 30, 2017

MEM-156-17

Southern California Democrat is seeking an experienced Communications Director.
Candidate will be responsible for planning and executing a proactive and aggressive
media and community outreach strategy. Candidates should have a minimum of 2
years of political communications experience and have excellent writing skills, be
creative, energetic, and able to work well in a fast-paced collaborative environment.
Applicants need prior on-the-record experience, a strong history of drafting all forms
of communications materials—especially op-eds and long form speeches—and an
ability to respond to challenging situations quickly and strategically. Candidates
should have a track-record of successfully pitching both national and local media
entities. Responsibilities include serving as spokesperson, drafting press releases and
advisories, op-eds, and talking points, and managing social media platforms.
California ties and knowledge of CA media and political landscape a plus. Spanishspeaking preferred. This is not an entry-level position. Qualified applicants should
submit a resume, cover letter, and appropriate writing samples
to: southerncalijobs@gmail.com.

MEM-153-17

Midwestern Democratic House Member is seeking a Scheduler for the Washington,
D.C. office. Primary responsibilities will include: receiving, evaluating and
organizing incoming requests and invitations; coordinating the Member’s briefing

Page 1 of 5

materials; greeting the communicating key information regarding the Member’s
schedule to staff; and ensuring proper advance work is done for Member’s
appearances and events. The Scheduler will work closely with senior staff.
A successful candidate will be a self-starter, detail-oriented, with a shown a history
of sound professional judgment and problem solving capabilities. Must have ability
to multitask and balance workload in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. The ideal
candidate will have strong teamwork skills and the ability to work with various
personalities and styles. Qualified applicants should have previous Scheduling and/or
Executive Assistant experience, preferably on Capitol Hill. Please e-mail a cover
letter and resume to Walz.Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-152-17

The Office of Congressman Al Green (D-TX) seeks a Legislative Assistant to
manage a diverse portfolio of issue areas including transportation, veterans affairs,
healthcare and homeland security. Candidates should have strong communication,
research, and writing skills. We are looking for a proactive, detail-oriented staffer
with a collaborative working style. To apply, please email a cover letter, resume,
writing sample and a list of references to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Prior
legislative experience on Capitol Hill and Houston ties are preferred. This is not an
entry-level position.

MEM-151-17

Southern Republican House Member seeking a Hill experienced staff member to
maintain the Member’s schedule, arrange travel plans, and coordinate the
administrative responsibilities of the office. This position will serve as a direct
liaison between the visitors to the office and the member and/or staff.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and salary history to ushousestaffjob@gmail.com.

MEM-150-17

Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic, organized, creative, selfstarter to join the team of her very active and visible constituent services staff.
The Events Coordinator/Constituent Services Representative is also a caseworker
who helps constituents with federal issues but spends part of the time managing and
directing very diverse city-wide and neighborhood events that relate to the
Congresswoman’s congressional and constituent responsibilities, including staying
on top of everyday events in the Member’s district that keep the community
connected to the Member’s work. The Events Coordinator takes the lead to develop
major events, among them, the Tax Fair, Small Business Fair, Job Fair, and Black
History Month events.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks. The office prizes staff able to think
outside the box and work independently while also being available to assist in coworker projects where necessary or requested. Prior community or event planning
experience is desirable. The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, excellent
writing and communication skills, experience interacting with the public and
leadership qualities. Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or
willing to move immediately to DC if hired.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter and references to: (202) 2251129 (fax) or to dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov. NO PHONE CALLS
PLEASE!

Page 2 of 5

This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-149-17

Congresswoman Gabbard is seeking a dynamic, passionate Military Legislative
Assistant or Senior National Security/Foreign Policy Advisor to support her work on
the House Armed Services Committee and House Foreign Affairs Committee. This
position’s portfolio will include Veterans Affairs, Homeland Security, and
Intelligence. Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the Member for
committee hearings, managing the day-to-day development of Member requests for
the National Defense Authorization Act, working closely with the Member on
legislative strategy, researching and advising the Member on bills and other issues,
and representing the Member in meetings and events.
We are seeking someone to join our fun, team-oriented, hard-working office. The
successful candidate will possess a can-do attitude and will be solutions oriented. He
or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter and will possess the capacity
to produce high quality work on short deadlines. He or she will also have a
demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with colleagues and superiors in a
dynamic work environment. Veteran applications are encouraged. Ideal candidates
should have House Armed Services Committee experience, Hill experience, or
both. Hawaii ties and an active security clearance is a plus.
To submit your application, please email a resume, cover letter, and two short
writing samples with the subject line “Military legislative assistant”
to hi02jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or walk-ins.

MEM-148-17

Progressive Democratic Member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee seeks Senior Legislative Assistant to staff Senior Member on
committee matters. Legislative portfolio will include financial services, tax,
economic development, labor, budget, agriculture and postal issues. Responsibilities
include: staffing the Member at committee hearings and markups, helping develop
and advance legislation and other policy priorities of the Member, conducting
research, and advising the Member on bills and other issues.
Applicants should have substantial Hill legislative experience, strong organizational,
writing, and communication skills and be detail oriented. Should also have ability to
work in a fast-paced environment while keeping a sense of humor. Minorities and
women are encouraged to apply. Please send a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-147-17

Democratic Member of Congress from North Carolina seeks a Legislative Director
for D.C. Office. The legislative portfolio includes transportation. This individual is
responsible for drafting legislation and amendments, tracking legislation, developing
legislative initiatives, writing speeches and floor statements, staffing the Member in
Committee, and representing the Member in meetings with constituents and
interested parties. Applicants should have experience in education policy, excellent
written and verbal communication skills, work well under pressure in a fast-paced
environment, be a strong team player, and have at least two years of legislative
experience on Capitol Hill. Ties to North Carolina are a plus. Qualified applicants
should send a cover letter, resume, and two brief writing samples along with three
references to nchousejobs@gmail.com. Please be sure to put LEGISLATIVE

Page 3 of 5

DIRECTOR in the subject line. No drop-ins or phone calls. The office is an equal
opportunity employer.

MEM-145-17

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and selfmotivated legislative assistant focused on economics to join our Washington, DCbased policy team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. He or she will be
expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues, including budget and
appropriations, commerce, defense, housing, social welfare, and taxation.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the tradition of
F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. He or she must demonstrate a
strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and
the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take on the
most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An individual who
prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and the occasional failure)
may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. A degree in economics or at least two
years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not
required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
This job opportunity was first posted late last year, but no interviews were
conducted. Previous applicants still interested in this opportunity should resubmit
their materials, as previous submissions will not be considered.

MEM-142-17

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking an IT
professional with technical, project management, and policy expertise to serve as a
Committee Investigator. This position involves examining agency IT activities and
translating highly technical subject matter into analytical documents and policy
recommendations in an extremely fast-paced environment; it is not a developer or
operations role. Program/project manager, senior analyst, or subject matter expertlevel experience managing enterprise modernization efforts is required. Government
agency, contractor, or corporate backgrounds are equally acceptable. Health
informatics, particularly electronic health records, experience is strongly
preferred. Qualified veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Prior Hill
experience is helpful but not necessary. Interested candidates should send their (1)
cover letter, (2) resume, (3) references, and (4) writing sample of a policy or
analytical nature to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with "IT Investigator" in the
subject line. No walk-ins please.

Page 4 of 5

MEM-141-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks motivated, hard-working staffer for his
fast-paced San Antonio federal office. Responsibilities include handling district
scheduling requests, administrative duties, intern supervision, and community and
constituent work. Ideal candidates must be highly-organized, detail orientated, work
well under pressure, be able to manage multiple tasks, possess excellent writing
skills for handling correspondence, and have strong interpersonal skills. Spanish
speaking and strong local ties a plus. Email resume, three references, and brief
writing sample to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Entitle your email: San Antonio
District Office Position. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-123-17

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal investigative
body for the U.S. House of Representatives, and Ranking Member Elijah Cummings
seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will be a
junior attorney (less than five years of experience) with a background or strong
interest in environmental matters, including investigations, hearings, depositions, and
briefings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly
encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well
under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. Please send a resume and cover letter to
oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject line.

Page 5 of 5

