________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 21, 2023

MEM-100-23

Congresswoman Emilia Strong Sykes (OH-13) is seeking a Legislative Assistant
to primarily manage her work on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee.
Qualified candidates are highly motivated, detail-oriented, able to manage
competing demands, and enjoy working as part of a team.
This position will work closely with and report to the Legislative Director to
advance the Congresswoman’s legislative priorities. In addition to staffing the
Congresswoman on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, the
Legislative Assistant will also manage a broad portfolio including agriculture,
education, energy and environment, healthcare, judiciary, and labor, among
others. The ideal candidate will be creative, able to staff and brief the
Congresswoman for Committee work, an excellent writer, able to build and
maintain relationships with a broad swath of stakeholders, and politically astute.
This is a full-time position. The Office of Congresswoman Sykes is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex
(including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and a cover letter
to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: “Full Name –
SST Legislative Assistant.” Capitol Hill legislative experience is required; this is
not an entry-level position.
Page 1 of 25

MEM-098-23

The Office of General Counsel (“OGC”), which provides legal advice and
representation to Members, committees, officers, and employees of the House on
matters related to their official duties without regard to political affiliation, is
accepting applications for the position of Assistant General Counsel.
Core responsibilities include: drafting district court pleadings and appellate
briefs; appearing in court in litigation matters in which the House or individual
Members, officers, or employees have an official interest; analyzing legal
problems presented by House Members, committees, officers, and employees,
and formulating recommended solutions; advising and counseling House
Members, committees, officers, and employees on a wide range of legal issues;
gathering facts necessary to permit OGC to provide sound legal advice;
interacting with House leadership, committees, and other House offices;
interacting with opposing counsel (both government and private); representing
witnesses in connection with investigative proceedings; performing legal research
on issues of constitutional, statutory, and common law; and working closely with
other OGC attorneys and support staff in performing these functions.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Minimum Requirements: (1) excellent academic credentials; (2) at least three
years’ experience as a practicing attorney; (3) excellent writing, analytical, and
people skills; (4) excellent judgment; (5) ability to work with, and to provide high
quality legal advice and representation to, House Members, committees, officers,
and employees, without regard to political affiliation; and (6) appreciation of—or
at least the desire to learn about and understand—the role and functioning of the
Legislative Branch.
Preferred Qualifications: (1) judicial clerkship or other government experience;
(2) experience drafting dispositive motions in federal district courts and/or briefs
in federal courts of appeals; and (3) understanding of structure and operations of
the Federal Government, particularly the House of Representatives and the
Department of Justice.
Information about OGC is available at https://ogc.house.gov
Email cover letter, resume, transcript, list of references, and writing sample
to OGC.Employment@mail.house.gov. Application deadline, March 7, 2023.
Please include in the email subject line “Assistant General Counsel Vacancy.”

MEM-097-23

The Office of Congressman Dan Goldman (NY-10) is seeking a press secretary
to join our communications team. Responsibilities will include:
•Preparing and staffing the Congressman for interviews, press events, and other
engagements
•Monitoring and pitching stories to local and national media
•Coordinating interviews and public appearances
Page 2 of 25

•Drafting and editing press releases, floor speeches, event remarks, video scripts,
op-eds, newsletters, interview memos, and other written deliverables as needed
•Cultivating relationships with reporters, editors, and other members of the press
corps
•Planning and staffing press conferences and other press-related engagements
• Keeping the member and staff apprised of national and local news
• Compiling daily press clips
• Supervising press interns and fellows
The Press Secretary will work closely with the Communications Director to
implement an ambitious and nimble communications strategy. Candidates should
have strong writing and creative skills, strong editing and proofreading skills, and
work well under pressure. The ideal candidate will have at least a year of
communications experience and be prepared to work long hours and weekends as
needed.
We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, military status, sexual
orientation, or gender identity or expression. To apply please send a resume,
cover letter, and sample press release as one PDF
to ny10goldmanresumes@gmail.com with “Full Name – Press Secretary” as the
subject line.
MEM-096-23

Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib (MI-12) seeks an experienced and committed
D.C.-based staffer to serve as a Legislative Assistant staffing the
Congresswoman’s work on the Financial Services Committee (FSC).
The Legislative Assistant works to advise and develop legislative ideas for the
district and office; monitor legislative updates within committee assigned; assist
with drafting remarks, memos and all other related correspondence on assigned
legislative portfolios; and staff the Congresswoman and meet with constituents on
behalf of the Member.
Candidates should have 1-3year of legislative Hill experience at minimum;
Experience working with Congressional Committees; Financial Services
Committee or Senate equivalent committee experience a plus. Michigan ties are
highly desirable, but not required. Exceptional candidates may be considered for
a Policy Advisor role.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and women, people of color,
members of the LGBTQ+ community, and members of other traditionally
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply.
To apply, e-mail a cover letter and detailed resume
to Rashida.jobs@mail.house.gov with “Financial Services Legislative

Page 3 of 25

Assistant/Policy Advisor” in the subject line along with 3-4 references by
February 28th.
MEM-094-23

The Democratic staff of the House Natural Resources Committee (HNRC) seeks
an organized, enthusiastic, and detail-oriented Staff Assistant (SA) with strong
writing skills. Candidates should be passionate about issues within the
Committee’s jurisdiction, have excellent time management and multitasking
skills, and display an active willingness to learn.
The SA for the Democratic staff of the Natural Resources Committee oversees
day-to-day administrative duties, including carrying out miscellaneous projects
for senior staff. The SA will work directly with the Counsel’s Office and Director
of Legislative Operations to track legislation, prepare for Committee meetings,
and create reference materials for staff and Members of Congress.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates an awareness and sensitivity to the needs
and concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations.
Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and social
inequality in the U.S. and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems.
Salary is commensurate with experience, plus benefits.
Full job description and instructions on how to apply can be found here:
https://democrats-naturalresources.house.gov/contact/job-postings

MEM-092-23

The U.S. House Budget Committee majority seeks a Press Assistant to join their
active and fast-paced team.
Qualified candidates will be highly motivated, creative, organized, and digitally
proficient. The primary responsibilities include but are not limited to: creating
social media content, compiling daily press clips, creating graphic designs,
maintaining press lists, drafting press releases, video editing, and aiding the
communications team with daily tasks.
This is an entry-level communications position. To apply, please email a resume
and any relevant work samples to jill.dickerson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-090-23

House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic staff) seeks a
Civil Rights Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering civil rights issues in
employment.
Candidates should have familiarity with employment federal civil rights laws,
such as Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963 and Title 42, Chapter 21 of the U.S.
Code. Knowledge of the EEOC, OFCCP and federal statutes and policies and
how they impact civil rights in employment and health care is preferred.
Page 4 of 25

Applicants should have a law degree and experience working with an
organization, Congress, or government agency addressing civil rights. Duties will
include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical assistance
to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing
written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of
committee proceedings and events related to civil rights. Salary commensurate
with experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Civil Rights Counsel Position" in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-089-23

Congresswoman Jill Tokuda (HI-02), a member of the House Armed Services
Committee and House Agriculture Committee, seeks a Legislative
Correspondent in her DC office to lead an active mail program and support her
legislative operations.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: sorting and tracking incoming
correspondence, drafting constituent correspondence, preparing and presenting
constituent correspondence reports, conducting research, meeting with
constituents and stakeholders, supporting the legislative team, and other duties as
assigned.
This position reports to the Legislative Director but will work closely with the
Congresswoman’s communications and district teams as well.
Ideal applicants must have excellent writing, organization, and time management
skills. Prior experience working in a congressional office preferred, but not
required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer. Individuals from diverse
backgrounds, especially with ties to Hawai‘i, are encouraged to apply. Salary will
be commensurate with experience.
Candidates seeking to apply should submit a resume, cover letter, two writing
samples, and references to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com by February 23, 2023.

MEM-088-23

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) seeks an organized and
highly motivated self-starter to serve as Staff Assistant/Driver in her
Washington, DC office.

Page 5 of 25

Responsibilities include driving the Congresswoman in DC, logging phone calls,
greeting visitors, managing front office operations, handling tour and flag
requests, assisting with drafting constituent correspondence, overseeing the intern
program, providing administrative support to the team, and additional duties as
assigned. This position reports directly to the Chief of Staff.
Candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills, attention
to detail, an ability to work under pressure, and a strong commitment to public
service. Previous Capitol Hill experience and Delaware ties are a plus. Access to
a car is not required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse
backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and 1-2 page writing sample
to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant Application” in the subject
line by Wednesday, February 22nd. No walk-ins, emails, or phone calls please.
MEM-087-23

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas), on the Ways & Means Committee, seeks an
experienced Communications Director for his Washington office.
This is not an entry level position. Excellent written and oral communication
skills required. Hill experience strongly preferred. Texas ties a plus.
Send cover letter, resume, brief writing sample, and three work supervisor
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Please use this title on your email:
“Comms Director Applicant” -- No drop-ins please.

MEM-086-23

Representative Alma Adams (NC- 12) seeks a Legislative Correspondent to run
a robust correspondence program and assist with official communication.
A successful candidate will be a strong and efficient writer, intellectually curious,
and a quick study. They must also work well as a part of a team. Responsibilities
include drafting constituent correspondence that reflects the Congresswoman’s
policy priorities, managing incoming and outgoing correspondence, tracking
correspondence data, and working with the rest of the staff to ensure the office is
maximally responsive too constituents and well informed of their priorities. North
Carolina ties and a sense of humor are a plus. Prior Congressional experience also
preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and two writing
samples to NC12.resume@mail.house.gov and put “LC - FirstName.LastName”
in the Subject Line. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please. This office is an
equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate based on race, color,
Page 6 of 25

religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity,
marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation. Please no drop-ins or phone
calls.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
•Draft tailored letters for constituent inquires that require special research or a
nuanced response.
•Create and maintain a collection of prepared responses for general legislative
inquires.
•Ensure that legislative responses to constituents are completed in a timely
matter.
•Consult with the Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants to ensure the
Member’s library of legislative letters are accurate, up to date, and reflective of
the Member’s policy position.
•Learn and lead office in using Constituent Management System software
(Fireside).
•Engage with district office staff and respond to inquiries of Member’s policy
stances.
•Flag district-based organized constituent letter writing campaigns to appropriate
district staff.
•Attend legislative meetings with constituents and assist with Committee hearings
and markups.
•Assist Scheduler/Executive Assistant in drafting Member-to-Member
correspondence, thank you, and special occasion letters.
MEM-085-23

Bilingual Press Secretary
The Office of Congresswoman Sylvia Garcia (TX-29) seeks a bilingual
(English/Spanish) Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to building and maintaining
relationships with Houston and DC press; responding to media inquiries; writing
press releases and talking points; preparing stories and op-eds for Houston and
national media; organizing earned media events in Houston and Washington,
D.C.; managing printed and digital paid communications and social media
platforms for the Congresswoman; and coordinating and staffing the
Congresswoman for interviews and press events, among other things. This is not
an entry-level position.
Qualified candidates must have strong writing skills, prior press and digital
experience, the ability to work in a collaborative environment. The position
requires a candidate to track details across communications projects, file timely
reports with House, and regularly meet multiple deadlines.
Please apply via the following
link: https://resumebank.domewatch.us/start?code=UUFg9fO6_
Page 7 of 25

MEM-084-23

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Accountability,
Democratic (Minority) Staff —Investigative Counsel (District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Accountability is the principal investigative
body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Ranking Member Jamie Raskin (DMD) seeks an attorney with several years of investigative, oversight, or litigation
experience for an Investigative Counsel position on the Democratic staff. In this
role, you will work with a team of passionate and supportive colleagues and
manage all aspects of high-profile congressional
investigations.
Potential day-to-day work includes drafting letters, negotiating with counsel,
conducting depositions and transcribed interviews, preparing reports and
memoranda, briefing the Ranking Member and other Committee Members, and
preparing for congressional hearings. This is not an entry-level position.
Experience with taking or defending depositions is strongly preferred. Previous
Hill desired but not required. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Investigative Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover
letter as PDFs with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
Applications must be submitted by 11:59 PM ET on Monday, February 27, 2023.

MEM-083-23

DIGITAL STAFFER
Congresswoman Angie Craig (MN-02) is in search of a talented Digital/Video
Producer for her Burnsville, MN office in a full-time capacity. This position
reports to the Communications Director.
The Digital/Video Producer will work with the Communications Director to
create compelling photo and video content for social media, draft and post to the
Member’s social media accounts, and assist with other communications duties as
needed.
The ideal candidate should be highly creative, have a strong work ethic and
communication skills, a good sense of humor, an eagerness to learn and grow
within the office, and a desire to be part of a highly-collaborative, high-achieving
team. The candidate should possess a strong attention to detail and be
Page 8 of 25

comfortable working with Adobe Creative Suite and Canva. The position is full
time with federal benefits, including student loan repayment program (if eligible),
transit or parking benefits, and an annual salary of between $50,000 and $60,000
commensurate with experience.
To Apply:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, writing sample, and
3 examples of previous digital media or video projects
to repcraigpress@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Digital/Video Producer
[applicant’s last name]” by March 1, 2023.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), national
origin, age, disability, gender identity, or sexual orientation. Our office
encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-082-23

Press/Digital Assistant -- Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) is seeking a
highly motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic individual with experience in
communications, digital media and social media, video editing, and graphic
design to join her team as a press/digital assistant in the D.C. office. This position
will report to the Communications Director.
Daily tasks include drafting and posting content for the member’s social media
platforms and website; graphic design; video filming and editing; daily press
clips; managing the newsletter program; drafting press releases, talking points,
and remarks; and organizing press events. The ideal candidate will be creative,
politically astute, have a strong proficiency in crafting social media content
across social media platforms, and will be a detail-oriented team player able to
handle multiple tasks at once.
Excellent writing and strong organizational skills are essential, along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Capitol Hill
experience and Spanish fluency are a plus, but not required. Proficiency with
Adobe Suite, Canva, and constituent management platforms, such as IQ,
preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three references, one
writing sample, and a digital portfolio or examples of previous digital media,
video work, or graphic design products to NV03Resumes@gmail.com with “DC
Press/Digital Assistant” in the subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins
please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
Page 9 of 25

MEM-081-23

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester seeks a highly-motivated
Caseworker/Outreach Representative based out of her Georgetown, DE
district office.
Reporting to the State Director, primary responsibilities include answering
casework correspondence and communications from constituents; acting as
liaison with Federal, State, and local agencies; preparing correspondence to
agency contacts and constituents; staffing the Congresswoman and attending
community events, building relationships with a range of constituents and
stakeholders throughout Kent and Sussex Counties, and handling administrative
tasks as assigned.
This position requires excellence in constituent relations, service delivery, and
community engagement. Duties require work during regular office hours and
travel throughout Kent and Sussex Counties is required, including occasional
meetings and events during evenings and weekends.
Qualified candidates for this full-time position will have ties to the state, be able
to work in a fast-paced environment, have excellent interpersonal, customer
relations, strong writing skills, and have an interest in public service. Fluency in
Spanish is preferred but not required.
The successful candidate will hold a valid driver’s license and have a clean
driving record. This is an Equal Opportunity Employer; we do not discriminate
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, sexual orientation, military status, marital status, or
parental status. Salary commensurate with experience. Applications are accepted
on a rolling basis.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume
to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Caseworker/Outreach Representative” in the
subject line. No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.

MEM-078-23

LEGISLATIVE AIDE — Rep. Jim Costa (CA-21) seeks a Legislative Aide in
his Washington, DC office.
The Legislative Aide will handle a diverse portfolio of issues including natural
resources, environment, public lands, and climate change, among others. The
Legislative Aide will also assist the legislative team with other projects as
assigned, including research and preparation of items related to the Farm Bill.
Responsibilities include conducting research, drafting legislation, taking meetings
and building relationships with constituent groups, providing vote
recommendations, advising the Member on policy issues, and performing other
tasks as required.
Page 10 of 25

Candidates should have prior Capitol Hill or relevant policy experience, be highly
motivated, detail-oriented professionals with strong organizational and timemanagement skills, as well as positive attitudes, and pride in work. Applicants
with ties to California’s 21st Congressional District and the San Joaquin Valley
are strongly encouraged to apply. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Please e-mail a cover letter, resume, and writing sample in a single PDF
to resume@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Aide” in the subject line by
February 21, 2023. The Office of Representative Costa is an equal opportunity
employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment.
MEM-077-23

The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking a Legislative
Correspondent.
This position works to ensure the relationship between the Member’s Office and
constituents remains positive by providing ample information in response to
questions, fielding messages in a timely manner, and ensuring constituents
receive consistent, accurate information about legislative happenings and the
Member’s agenda. They will also assist in the composition of background memos
and talking points for the Member’s meetings and engagements, handling issue
areas as assigned to support the Legislative Director and Military Legislative
Assistant.
The ideal candidate must have excellent writing, communication, and research
skills, and the ability to produce quality work in a faced paced environment. An
ability to multitask and work under tight deadlines is necessary. Candidates must
have previous congressional experience; ties to Virginia’s First District are
helpful but not required.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to Carolyn.King@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Correspondent” in the
subject line.

MEM-076-23

The Congressional Progressive Caucus seeks a Caucus Assistant based in
Washington, D.C. The position requires careful attention to logistics associated
with managing the Caucus’ day-to-day activities, assisting with office
management responsibilities, scheduling, finance, event planning, and performing
other duties as required.
Essential Job Functions:
●Organizing the logistics for member-level and staff-level meetings;
●Routinely preparing and sending materials to CPC member offices;
●Responding to a variety of inquires from CPC member offices;
●Assisting with policy and communications projects as assigned;
Page 11 of 25

●Managing various operations tasks;
●Assisting with processing office finances.
Experience:
Capitol Hill, executive assistant, and progressive advocacy experience is
preferred. Ideal candidates will be very detail-oriented with good timemanagement skills, able to work in a fast-paced environment, and handle last
minute changes to the legislative schedule. Candidates must possess strong
writing and organizational skills, a good sense of humor, creativity, the
ability to operate under strict deadlines, and be able to work collaboratively with
CPC offices and staff. Ideal candidates should have familiarity with the
progressive movement and progressive policy. This position can involve long
hours and will report to the Executive Director.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to ProgressiveCaucusJobs@gmail.com with “Caucus Assistant LastName” in the subject line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
The CPC is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or
expression, or sexual orientation. Women, people of color, veterans, and
LGBTQIA individuals are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-075-23

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Chair of the
Congressional Progressive Caucus, seeks a highly organized, creative, and teamoriented Press Secretary/Digital Assistant to execute a fast-paced and dynamic
communications plan. This position reports to the Communications Director and
is based in the Washington, DC office.
An ideal candidate will:
●Be a proficient writer, with experience writing for a principal
●Have a knowledge of Adobe Suite, graphic design and video editing skills
●Have a familiarity with CRMs including IQ
●Understand Facebook Business Manager and digital advertising
●Have a deep familiarity with all social media tools (i.e. Instagram, Twitter)
●Understand the digital media landscape and current digital trends
●Have a strong record of advocating for progressive values
●Be willing to work weekends and irregular hours when necessary
Responsibilities include:
●Drafting written materials including press releases, remarks, speeches, enewsletters, talking points, and social media content
●Compiling daily press clips and managing proactive media monitoring
●Maintaining local and national press lists
●Compiling weekly communications report
●Capturing video and photos of the Congresswoman for social media and for
Page 12 of 25

events
●Staying informed about relevant current events in the district and across the
country as well as appropriate legislative and non-legislative issues
●Maintaining various press archives for the Congresswoman
●Supporting logistics for town halls, press conferences, and other public-facing
events, both virtual and in-person
Skills and knowledge required:
●Strong communications skills, including writing, editing, and proofreading
●Understanding of print, broadcast, and online media and how to use those tools
creatively
●Strong organizational skills, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once
●Ability to exercise discretion in the representation of the Congresswoman’s
position on policy issues
●Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others, including members
of the press
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. Washington state and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and
references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Press
Secretary/Digital Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-073-23

SCHEDULER – Congressman Jake Auchincloss (MA-04) is seeking a highly
motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic individual with excellent oral and
written communications skills for a Scheduler position in the Washington, DC
office.
Daily tasks include managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
DC schedule; coordinating travel, booking flight reservations, and managing
logistics for events; evaluating and organizing all incoming meeting and event
requests; communicating key information regarding the Member and the
Member’s schedule to staff; and working closely with both DC and District staff
to ensure smooth daily office operations. Candidates must be available to assist
the Member outside of regular business hours.
This position requires proven experience in administrative roles, knowledge of
the Congressional work setting, and comfort working one-on-one with the
Member, Chief of Staff, District Director, and District Scheduler. Excellent
writing, verbal and strong organizational skills are essential along with the ability
to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Previous Capitol
Hill or scheduling experience is required; this is not an entry level position.
Access to a car and a clean driving record is preferred.

Page 13 of 25

Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing
sample to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with “Scheduler – First Name Last
Name” in the Subject Line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. No
phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity and expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation, or
any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
MEM-072-23

Senior Legislative Assistant or Counsel – Financial Services
Congressman Brad Sherman seeks a Legislative Assistant to staff the House
Financial Services Committee including the Capital Markets Subcommittee on
which the Congressman serves as ranking Democrat.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience in financial services issues.
Experience with issues falling under the jurisdiction of the Capital Markets
Subcommittee is a major plus. Job responsibilities include monitoring and
drafting legislation, representing the Member in meetings/briefings, preparing
materials for committee hearings and markups, maintaining relationships with
advocacy groups, interfacing with government agencies, and other tasks and
assignments as needed.
The successful candidate will possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, a solid understanding of the legislative process, and knowledge of, and
experience with, the operations of the SEC and other rules-making entities that
govern capital markets and securities-related accounting standards.
This job requires a proven ability to work effectively and independently in a
demanding and fast-paced environment. Law degree/bar membership a plus, but
not required. This is a mid- to senior-level position in the office.
Please send cover letter and resume to FSCCapMarketsStaffer@gmail.com

MEM-071-23

Rep. Marcy Kaptur (D-OH-09), co-chair of the Congressional Ukraine Caucus
and a Senior Appropriations Defense Subcommittee member, seeks an
experienced legislative staffer to handle a portfolio including defense, foreign
affairs, and national security issues.
Candidates must be familiar with the defense portfolio, Ukraine and European
security issues, the Appropriations process, have a deep understanding of the
legislative process including identifying creative legislation solutions, crafting
and advancing legislation, analyzing and briefing a Senior Member of Congress
on complex policy issues, and drafting a wide array of written materials
(including materials for Committee and Floor activities).

Page 14 of 25

Strong written and verbal communication skills and a demonstrated ability to
work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment are critical. At least five years
of relevant experience is encouraged as are Congressional experience and
Midwest connections.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply. Applicants should email a resume, cover
letter, two writing samples, and references as individual files in PDF format
to Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov “MLA/Foreign Affairs” in the subject
line. No phone calls, faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.
MEM-066-23

House Democratic Leadership Office seeks a Director of Scheduling to join a
three-person team.
Candidates should also be meticulous, well-organized, hard-working, and ready
to operate in a high pressure and fast-paced environment. Highest degree of
professionalism and confidentiality required, as well as the ability to work a
flexible schedule, including long hours and weekends when necessary.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, supporting the Deputy Chief of
Staff for Operations in managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long
term schedules, coordinating travel arrangements, managing scheduling requests,
and managing the three-person team. Candidates should have experience working
directly with high-level principals.
Capitol Hill experience preferred. Salary commensurate with experience. The
Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and as such is committed to building
and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and three references
to Democraticleaderresumes@gmail.com.

MEM-061-23

TITLE: Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs
Professional Staff Member, U.S. House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs,
Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability
Assistance and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Assist the Subcommittee Staff Director in advising the Full Committee
leadership and Subcommittee leadership on legislative initiatives
•Conduct oversight of Subcommittee issue areas, to include Department
implementation of laws, regulations, and programs
•Monitor legislative needs and developments within committees and on the
House floor within specific issue areas of responsibility
Page 15 of 25

•Under the guidance of Subcommittee Staff Director, provide advice on policy
matters within issue areas and help Subcommittee Staff Director develop and
implement strategic and policy goals
•Draft hearing, markup and floor statements for the Full Committee leadership
and Subcommittee leadership
•Assist in determining Full Committee and Subcommittee hearing topics and
prepare for hearings
•Assist in the proposing and drafting of legislation for the Committee
•Meet with congressional staff and internal/external organizations on behalf of
the Committee
•Perform other duties as assigned by Subcommittee Staff Director, Full
Committee Deputy Staff Director, and Full Committee Staff Director
Minimum Qualifications:
•At least three years of congressional or Administration experience resulting in
direct, working knowledge of the Committee/Subcommittee’s substantive
jurisdiction required; five years strongly preferred
•Occasional travel may be required
Required Skills:
•Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills (writing test may be
administered prior to an offer being extended)
•Excellent oral communication skills
•Thorough knowledge of legislative process, and understanding of House Rules
•Demonstrate ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the
formulation and recommendation of policy positions
•Knowledge of current issues and events in which the Full Committee leadership
is involved
•Ability to work long hours, under pressure, and cooperatively and courteously
with others
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
Page 16 of 25

marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, three professional
references, and three writing samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“DAMA Professional Staff Member” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins,
please.
MEM-055-23

Rep. Kevin Mullin (CA-15) seeks a Legislative Director in his Washington,
D.C. Office.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Leads development and implementation of policy and legislative strategy in
close consultation with the Member, Chief of Staff and Deputy Chief of Staff;
•Coordinates closely with the district and communications teams to successfully
message on legislative issues and develop legislation in response to constituent
concerns and priorities;
•Drafts and edits memos, remarks, background briefs, and committee materials
for the Member’s work on the House Natural Resources Committee and House
Science, Space, and Technology Committee;
•Manages and supervises legislative staff;
•Monitors activity on the House Floor and committees and provides vote
recommendations;
•Manages and advances an individual portfolio of legislative issues;
•Oversees the office’s constituent correspondent system in coordination with the
Legislative Correspondent;
•Other special projects and duties as assigned.
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:
•4+ years of policy experience, preferably in Congress;
•Deep understanding of the House floor and committee procedures;
•Experience collaborating and forming partnerships to advance a legislative
agenda;
•Time management skills and the ability to manage complex workflows under a
tight deadline;
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
The annual salary for this position is $90,000. The position offers health
coverage; retirement benefits with an employer match; paid sick, bereavement,
and 20 days vacation leave plus federal holidays; 12 weeks of paid parental leave;
6 weeks of paid FMLA leave; transit or parking benefits; access to life insurance
coverage. Rep. Mullin’s office participates in the student loan repayment
program.

Page 17 of 25

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
To apply, please email CA15Employment@gmail.com with “Legislative
Director” in the subject line and the following application materials attached as
one combined PDF: (1) cover letter, (2) resume, and (3) a brief (1 page) unedited
writing sample. No phone calls or drop bys, please.
MEM-052-23

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for an investigative counsel position.
The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members
and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position
which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from
political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas
is desirable: government ethics; campaign finance; criminal law; employment
law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil
litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and
financial accounting. The salary range for this position is $130,441 and $138,856.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel”
in the subject line.

MEM-051-23

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing
financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume of financial
disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress and their staff
through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral
communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the
sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of
the following areas is desirable: government ethics, ethics counseling,

Page 18 of 25

accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation, corporate finance, and
securities law. The salary range for this position is $130,441 and $138,856.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-045-23

The Office of Congresswoman Summer Lee seeks a highly motivated
Digital/Press Associate to support the Communications Director in all aspects of
the office’s fast-paced and dynamic communications operation, including
developing social media strategy and branding, drafting and editing social media
copy, designing digital content for the Congresswoman, and media monitoring.
This role reports to the Communications Director. Progressive values are a must.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong sense of virality on social media; narrative voice
•Ability to perform rapid response based on breaking news, memes and trends
•Proven track record developing and executing multi-platform communications
and digital campaigns
•Writing, editing, and proofreading - especially social media posts
•Experience creating content using Adobe Suite (Illustrator, Photoshop and
Premiere or Premiere Rush) – or equivalent tools
•Strong organizational skills, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once;
•Knowledge of news cycle and current issues and events in which the
Congresswoman is involved;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Support implementation of digital communications and public relations
strategies for the Congresswoman;
•Compile daily press clips and stay informed about current events in the district
and across the country for their impact on the Congresswoman;
•Draft social media content and other written materials, and manage all of the
Congresswoman’s social media accounts (twitter, Instagram, FB, Tiktok)
•Develop branding guide, create graphics, film and edit photos and videos,
including clipping, captioning and branding;
•Manage the Congresswoman’s website and set up robust digital archives and
analytics trackers for the Congresswoman;
•Staff digital events and video recordings with the Congresswoman;
•Support with logistics for town halls, press conferences, and other public-facing
engagements, both virtual and in-person;
•Remain abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Congresswoman may be questioned;
•Support on administrative functions of the office as needed, such as constituent
calls and data entry;
Page 19 of 25

•Maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
•Work well under pressure, handle stress, and accept performance-based criticism
and direction;
•Work flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends, and perform
other duties as assigned.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate;
•COVID-19 precautions and remote work expectations can be discussed during
the interview process.
•This role is based in Washington, D.C. or Pittsburgh PA
COMPENSATION: commensurate with experience, along with a competitive
benefits package that includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan
payments (terms apply)
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Our office prioritizes building a diverse team committed to advocating for the
residents of PA-12. 1-3 years of digital, graphic design, press, organizing, or
advocacy experience is strongly recommended. Candidates from BIPOC,
LGBTQ+, working class, military, and/or other underrepresented communities
are strongly encouraged to apply. As a practice as an office we do not require any
pre-requisite degrees. Ties to Pennsylvania preferred, but not required.
HOW TO APPLY: Please submit your resume, cover letter expanding on how
your unique set of experiences suits you to excel in this role, 3 digital/creative
samples and 3 references to SummerLeeJobs@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Digital/Press Associate” Digital portfolios or websites also accepted for
creative samples.
MEM-043-23

Senior California Democrat seeks a Legislative Director to oversee the
Member’s legislative priorities and manage a portfolio centered on healthcare and
Social Security.
This position will be tasked with:
•Managing legislative staff and the Member’s legislative portfolio in close
consultation with the Deputy Chief of Staff.
•Monitoring the House floor and advising the Member on procedure.
•Handling the Member’s healthcare priorities as a senior member of the Energy
and Commerce Committee and the House Democratic Caucus Task Force on
Aging & Families. The legislative portfolio will be focused on mental health,
telehealth, rare diseases, the 340B drug discount program, and public health
among other issues.

Page 20 of 25

This is not an entry-level position and Hill experience is strongly preferred, but
not required. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status. Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority
applicants are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com. Please use “Legislative Director” as the
subject.
MEM-042-23

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a high-energy, highly-organized,
and detail-oriented Constituent Service Representative for his office in
Frederick, MD.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Staffer will work out of the District Office in Frederick, MD.
•Serve as the official representative for the Member in the community.
•Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships for
the Member.
•Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
•Monitor and update the Member and District Director on local issues of
importance.
•Staff and provide logistical support for district meetings and events for the
Member.
•Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
•Answer correspondence and verbal communications with constituents in a
timely manner.
•Office administrative duties as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
•Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
•Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
•Thorough knowledge of the legislative process.
•Knowledge of all issues in the district in which the Member is involved.
•Maryland ties are a plus.

Page 21 of 25

The Office of Congressman David Trone strongly values the diversity of our
employees and strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply.
Ideal candidates will have 1-2 years of work experience in a relevant field.
(public service, political campaigns, issue advocacy, community organizing, etc.)
Starting salary for this position is $50,000 plus full benefits.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to MD06.jobs@gmail.com with
“Constituent Service Representative - Frederick” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins.
MEM-024-23

The Freshman Democrat from Hawai‘i is seeking a Scheduler with strong
judgment, communication skills, and attention to detail to build and oversee all
aspects of scheduling operations for the Member.
This position requires consistent and effective collaboration with all components
of the Member’s office. The Scheduler will work directly with the Chief of Staff,
District Chief, and other senior staff.
Primary duties include, but are not limited to:
•Building the Member’s daily and long-term schedule for DC and the district and
managing this system;
•Responding to all incoming scheduling requests;
•Booking and coordinating travel back to Hawai‘i and within Hawai‘i;
•Ensuring the Member, staff, and external stakeholders have key information
about the schedule;
•Compiling daily briefing materials for the Member and coordinating the
collection of information from staff and other sources;
•Supporting the team with special events and ad hoc projects; and
•Other duties as assigned.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual
orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse backgrounds, especially
with ties to Hawai‘i, are encouraged to apply. Being able to serve as a secondary
driver when needed is preferred, but not required. Salary will be commensurate
with experience.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and references
to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

Page 22 of 25

MEM-011-23

Communications Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Communications Director to
lead an active communications operation.
This position manages both the long-term strategic communications strategy and
day-to-day press for the Caucus, ranging from drafting statements on news of the
day, to responding to press inquiries and pitching stories, to managing the CBC’s
social media accounts and website, to setting up press availability opportunities
(i.e., press conferences, press calls, or pen/pads), to developing and executing a
long-term communications plan.
In addition to managing the communications of the CBC, this position also serves
as a resource to all CBC Member offices to provide any communications counsel
they may need. The Communications Director’s responsibilities will include:
• Working closely with the Executive Director and Policy Director to raise the
policy agenda and platform of the Caucus through strategic messaging, earned
media, and public outreach
• Substantial experience with and knowledge of Congressional affairs and the
legislative process
• Experience with media pitching, booking television appearances/interviews,
prepping a principal for print & television interviews/appearances
• Extensive relationships with DC and National print & television media
• Excellent oral and written communication skills
• Ability to work under pressure and meet quick deadlines
• Experience with communications including, social media, press releases, talking
points, etc.
• Demonstrated experience working effectively with diverse coalitions
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential.
Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability to multitask, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player. This is not an
entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of
House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample/portfolio
to Vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.

Page 23 of 25

MEM-611-22

The Republican Staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a highly organized
and detail-oriented Committee Clerk.
Clerks are responsible for the preparation of all committee activities, such as
hearings and markups. Clerks ensure the committee is run efficiently by
maintaining and organizing all committee records as well as assisting with the
administrative functions of the committee. Qualified applicants will have at least
one year of Hill experience as well as working knowledge of how Congressional
committees operate.
Candidates can email their resume to Kiley.Bidelman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-582-22

Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s District Office has an immediate need to hire a
full-time Field Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team in Orange County.
Basic Functions
The Field Representative serves an important role in the Member’s Congressional
District, acting as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents. They are responsible for strengthening community
relations and assessing casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or
Congressional oversight.
Duties
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative briefs the Member in preparation for district meetings with
constituents and acts as the representative for the Member by attending events
and meetings. This includes public speaking and certificate presentations.
The Field Representative will:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
•Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
•Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
Requirements
•Expertise developing and executing a community relations strategy
•Experience in maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders
•Political savvy and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible scheduling, including nights and

Page 24 of 25

weekends
•Constituent service oriented; patient empathetic, and desire to help constituents
Position Qualifications/Education
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public
service and familiarity with Orange County is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline
Salary range is $49,000-$57,000. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to
Stephanie Hu, District Director, Office of Congresswoman
Steel Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.

Page 25 of 25

