________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 3, 2021

MEM-143-21

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR - Midwest conservative Republican seeks
a motivated and experienced communications professional to lead development
and execution of all official messaging.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•minimum of 4-6 years of congressional experience;
•strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
•strong oral communication skills;
•understanding of print and broadcast media; existing media relationships a plus.
•thorough knowledge of legislative process;
•knowledge of current issues and events in which the Member is involved;
•ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the representation of
the Member's positions on policy issues;
•availability to work long hours;
•ability to work collaboratively with district office.
DUTIES:
•Responsibilities include writing press releases, media advisories, and
newsletters, crafting content for social media channels, developing graphics and
videos, assisting with media monitoring and pitching press, overseeing clips
collection and distribution, and working with the Communications team to
identify new ways to engage with press and digital audiences
•acts as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
Page 1 of 14

•develops and implements media and communications strategy for the Member;
•remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Member may be questioned;
•evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the nation for their
impact on the Member;
•provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's actions and
legislative activities;
•writes speeches for the Member; and
•performs other duties as assigned.
Interested candidates should email an resume, cover letter and writing sample
to: indianagopjobs@gmail.com
MEM-142-21

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines. A successful
candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the box about
various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or casework
experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-141-21

Legislative Assistant – Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated
and organized lawyer with strong interpersonal, legal and writing skills. The ideal
candidate will be able to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure.
The Legislative Assistant works with the Chief Counsel/Legislative Director and
with the Chief of Staff to develop and implement the Member’s legislative
Page 2 of 14

strategy in his/her issue areas; prepares materials for hearings; drafts legislation,
amendments, and congressional record statements; and conducts research. The
ability to write well under tight deadlines is essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented, problem
solving lawyer and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior
Hill, law firm or similar experience is preferred but not always required.
Candidate must possess a law degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident
of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
MEM-140-21

Rep. Peter Welch is hiring a communications director to manage a busy press
shop. Successful candidates will be excellent writers, highly creative, skilled at
pitching Capitol Hill and local reporters, experienced with booking national news
hits, highly organized, and able to prioritize and publicize Rep. Welch’s strategic
goals across social media platforms. A successful candidate will join a tight-knit
team, so a collaborative mindset is essential and a sharp sense of humor is
appreciated.
Rep. Welch is a busy Member, so you will be too. In addition to being a chief
deputy whip, he is a Member of three very active, high profile committees:
Energy and Commerce, Intelligence, and Oversight.
Capitol Hill relationships and Vermont ties are pluses. The office is an equal
opportunity employer, and applications by members of underrepresented groups
are strongly encouraged. Interested and qualified candidates should submit their
resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to vermontcommsjob@gmail.com.
Bonus points if you know how to pronounce the Vermont towns of Charlotte,
Calais and Vergennes.

MEM-139-21

Senior House Appropriator is seeking a Communications Director/Press
Secretary for the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include
communications planning and press strategy for D.C. and the district; drafting
press materials including: remarks, talking points, statements, op-eds, press
releases, and media advisories; assisting with the management of the
Congressman’s social media accounts; interview preparation; and fielding media
inquiries.
The ideal candidate is a strong writer, politically savvy, detail-oriented, flexible,
creative, and a self-starter. Interested candidates should send a cover letter,
resume, and two writing samples to GA02.Resume@mail.house.gov.

Page 3 of 14

MEM-138-21

U.S. Member of Congress in New York seeking Constituent Services
Liaison/District Representative
New York Democrat seeks Fast-paced, high profile New York City
Congressional Member office seeks Constituent Services Liaison/District
Representative to manage the Constituent Services activities. Responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies and community organizations.
This is a permanent, full-time position. and mid-entry-level position in a fastpaced office that frequently requires non-traditional work hours, Fluency in other
language other than English (Creole, Arabic, Russian) highly preferred.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, and resume
to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov
Ties to Brooklyn, a proven record, and a minimum of three years of related
experience are required. This position is based in the local Brooklyn, NY office
Please place Constituent Services/District Representative in the subject line.
NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.

MEM-137-21

Office Manager/Executive Assistant
New York Democrat seeks an Operations Manager/Executive Assistant for their
district office. Responsibilities include answers and screens telephone calls for
Member and staff, takes and transmits messages; Maintains office answering
machine or voice mail managing the Member’s schedule, travel plans and related
events in the district.
Duties also include managing the internship program and other office operations
including office equipment and supplies, required reporting, and assisting with
personnel tracking, as well as fielding requests of the Member with staff and the
public. This is an entry-level position in a fast-paced office that frequently
requires non-traditional work hours.
Qualified applicants should have prior professional office experience. The
Operations Manager/Executive Assistant will report to the District Director. Ties
to Brooklyn is a plus. This is a permanent, full-time position Fluency in other
language other than English (Creole, Arabic, Russian) highly preferred.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, and resume
to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please place OFFICE
MANAGER/EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT in the subject line.
NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.

MEM-136-21

New York Democrat seeks a Director of Outreach and Community
Engagement for their district office. Responsibilities include building strategic
Page 4 of 14

relationships with community leaders and constituent groups, executing various
outreach activities, and recruiting volunteers for events and outreach programs in
the district.
Duties also include coordinating initiatives designed to promote the office and
services to the community, managing an outreach and organizing plan for the
team, and any other assigned duties. Candidates should possess excellent
organization, leadership, teamwork, and management skills, as well as verbal and
written communication skills.
The Director of Outreach and Community Engagement will report to the District
Director. Ties to Brooklyn, a proven management record, and a minimum of
three years of related experience are required. This position is based in the local
Brooklyn, NY office. This is a permanent, full-time position and a senior-level
position in a fast-paced office that frequently requires non-traditional work hours.
Fluency in other language other than English (Creole, Arabic, Russian) highly
preferred.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, and resume
to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.
Please place DIRECTOR OF OUTREACH AND COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT in the subject line.
NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
MEM-132-21

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) seeks applications for a
Senior Advisor/Counsel to handle the Judiciary portfolio with an emphasis on
immigration in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include advising the Member on all legislative areas within their
portfolio, prepare and staff the Member in committee hearings and markups, draft
and advance legislation, and represent the Member in meetings with constituents
and stakeholders concerning policy matters in their portfolio.
Applicants should possess strong conservative credentials, effective writing and
research skills, strong attention to detail, and the ability to manage multiple tasks
at once. Previous Capitol Hill experience and JD preferred. To apply, please
email resume and cover letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com
To apply, please email resume and cover letter
to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with Subject: Senior
Advisor/Counsel_LastName.FirstName

MEM-127-21

House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight &
Investigations is seeking a counsel or professional staffer to work on
Page 5 of 14

environment and energy oversight for the Committee’s Majority staff. Experience
with congressional oversight, investigations, or issues within the Committee’s
jurisdiction is a plus.
Responsibilities include staffing congressional hearings, conducting
investigations, research, document review and analysis and writing and editing.
Successful candidate will be detail oriented, possessing strong communication
and writing skills. J.D. preferred but not required, as experience within the areas
of the Committee’s environment and energy jurisdiction may be equally relevant.
Salary commensurate with skills and experience. Please send resume, cover letter,
writing sample, and at least two professional references
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-126-21

The Field Representative/Travel Aide for Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler
liaises with fellow Missourians to assist with carrying out her duties as a
government official. This individual also travels with her when she visits cities,
towns, and rural communities to meet with old and new friends.
YOU’RE GOOD AT:
•Listening to, talking with, and befriending strangers (some of whom won’t agree
with you).
•Traveling to unfamiliar places and driving safely.
•Problem solving issues completely new to you.
•Taking initiative when your boss isn’t watching.
•Occasionally working hours that fall outside the traditional workday.
•Collaborating with remote team members located hundreds of miles from you.
•Planning events and getting people to show up to said events.
•Communicating well verbally and through writing.
•Speaking in front of small groups.
•Accessing the internet and operating basic computer programs.
•Utilizing (or are open to learning how to utilize) social media.
•Learning and trying new things.
A DAY IN THE LIFE:
•Attend community meetings, network with locally elected officials, and update
the Congresswoman on issues of importance within the service area which
includes the Counties of Benton, Henry, Hickory, Johnson, Pettis, and St. Clair.
•Travel with the Congresswoman as she visits with constituents at various events.
•Serve as an advocate for constituents and a conduit between them and the
Congresswoman while she works on their behalf in Washington, DC.
•Stop by local businesses to meet with the owners and employees, learn about
their products being sold, and connect them with federal resources.
•Contact a federal or state agency to learn about how a policy issue is being
implemented.
•Assist a local nonprofit with finding federal and state resources to solve an issue.
Page 6 of 14

•Provide feedback to supervisors on concerns raised by constituents on issues of
the day.
•Handle meeting requests and serve in stead of the Congresswoman when she is
in DC.
•Spend time in the Harrisonville office taking calls, returning messages, and
filing reports.
WHAT YOU’LL NEED:
•Bachelor’s degree or equivalent professional experience.
•A current driver’s license, clean (or mostly clean) driving record, and
functioning vehicle.
•Interest, familiarity, or prior experience in the federal and/or state government.
•A passion for working with Missourians to help find solutions and resources for
them.
Interested applicants should email their resumes
to Austin.Kramer@mail.house.gov.
MEM-122-21

District Director | Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44)
Location: San Pedro, CA – Los Angeles County
Salary Range: $100,000 – 120,000
Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a District Director to
oversee all operations of the district office. The District Director will oversee
management and operation of the District Office, serve as liaison to local
organizations and elected officials, manage a team of 5-8 in the District including
interns, and develop and implement long-term strategic plans, including but not
limited to outreach, casework, and grants programs.
This position is responsible for recruiting, hiring, training, and managing district
staff and ensures that district staff complies with office policies, practices, and
procedures; represents the Member assigns appropriate staff to do so at events or
functions through the district as needed and will serve as the primary liaison
between the Congresswoman, constituents, and entities in the district.
The District Director will also be responsible for strategizing, developing, and
implementing constituent outreach plans, managing casework, and managing
their own fieldwork book of business. The District Director will also work with
the office’s scheduling team to implement an aggressive schedule of community
events and outreach. Further, the District Director acts as an advisor for the
Congresswoman on local issues and concerns, politics, and other developments
throughout the district, the Los Angeles metropolitan area, Southern California,
and the state.

Page 7 of 14

Qualified candidates will demonstrate significant management experience
(federal, state, or local government management experience are a plus), strong
oral and written communications skills, strategic planning abilities, selfmotivation, and outreach experience to local and state organizations. An ability to
work collaboratively with district office staff as well as D.C.-based legislative
and communications staff is required.
Excellent oral and written communication skills are critical to the success of the
candidate, as well as knowledge of the local, county, and statewide processes.
The ideal candidate is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically
astute, and willing to work including evenings and weekends as needed in a fastpaced and results-oriented setting.
The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under pressure and the
flexibility to work long hours, including nights and weekends.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds encouraged to apply.
Spanish fluency and Los Angeles ties are a plus.
Candidates should send a cover letter, resume, appropriate writing samples, and
three references with “CA44 District Director” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-119-21

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing
financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume of financial
disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress and their staff
through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before
the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics,
ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation,
corporate finance, and securities law. Salary commensurate with experience.

Page 8 of 14

Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-118-21

Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Office of Advice and
Education. The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are responsible for
providing a high volume of ethics advice, education, and training to Members of
Congress and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and
written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before
the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable:
government ethics; ethics counseling and training; and criminal law. Salary
commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-116-21

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Legislative Assistant to join her
team in Washington, DC. Ideal candidates will have prior Hill experience;
excellent written and verbal communication skills; strong organizational and time
management skills; a positive attitude; solid knowledge of the legislative process;
and an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in an fast-paced work
environment. Experience with Intranet Quorum (IQ) is preferred. Duties include:
*Formulating legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas;
*Tracking legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas and briefing
the Congresswoman for floor work, committee work, work in the district, and
outside House-related activities;
*Monitoring legislative developments within relevant committees;
*Planning and coordinating cosponsorship and support of legislation;
*Writing floor speeches for the Congresswoman;
*Acting as liaison with committee and agency staffs;
*Performing special projects assigned by the Congresswoman or Chief of Staff;
*Meeting with constituents and interest groups;
*Assisting with the preparation of weekly reports for the Congresswoman and
*Staff on legislative activities in assigned issue areas; and
*Performing other duties as assigned.
Connecticut ties are a plus, but not required. Women and minority candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply. Interested parties should e-mail a concise cover
Page 9 of 14

letter including salary requirements, resume and two writing samples in a single
PDF to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: First Name
Last Name - Legislative Assistant. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-115-21

The District office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez seeks an attentive,
community focused, self-starter to serve as a Caseworker based in Norwalk, CA.
Summary: This position primarily entails constituent casework. Other
responsibilities include answering phones, greeting constituents and visitors,
writing correspondence, and assisting the District Office staff with additional
tasks.
Position Description
Caseworker: Casework responsibilities involve assisting constituents of the 38th
Congressional District resolve problems with federal agencies or find the
appropriate state or local contact for non-federal issues. The candidate should be
persistent and detail-orientated, and put a priority on facilitating resolutions and
expediting priority requests. Knowledge of federal and California state
government agencies and experience in customer service will be highly regarded.
Minimum Qualifications/Education Required
*Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited four-year college or university.
*Thorough understanding or experience with government agencies (county, state,
and federal), community and grassroots organizing.
*Strong written, communication, analytical, and organizational skills; an ability
to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer
service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
*Skilled in Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
*Able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be able to meet
strict deadlines, balance multiple projects simultaneously, and work under
pressure.
*Positive attitude, commitment to excellence, upbeat demeanor, flexibility, and
sense of humor.
*Enjoy working with the public and constituents.
Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant. Employees will receive
health care insurance, 401(k)-style retirement benefits, and other federal
employee benefits.
To Apply
Interested applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and
references by email to: CA38Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please indicate the title of
the position in the subject line.
The Office of the Honorable Linda Sánchez is an equal opportunity employer. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
Page 10 of 14

religion, sex (including marital or parental status), military status, disability, or
age. Pursuant to current appropriations law, to be employed by a House office in
a paid position in the continental United States an individual must: (a) be a U.S.
citizen; (b) be lawfully admitted for permanent residence and seeking citizenship
as outlined in 8 U.S.C. § 1324b(a)(3)(B); (c) be admitted as a refugee under 8
U.S.C. § 1157 or granted asylum under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, and have filed a
declaration of intention to become a lawful permanent resident and then a citizen
when eligible; or
(d) owe allegiance to the U.S. (i.e., qualify as a non-citizen U.S. national under
federal law). Employment is at-will.
MEM-113-21

Texas conservative Republican member seeks a scheduler for DC office. This
position is responsible for organizing, tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
scheduling requests as well as managing all aspects of the member’s schedule.
Relevant experience includes processing and managing scheduling requests,
arranging travel, and keeping an organized calendar.
Scheduler will work closely with the member, chief of staff, and district director
in strategically planning the member’s schedule to advance office priorities.
Applicants must have attention to detail, ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, strong organizational skills, and ability to work collaboratively with
a team.
Hill experience and Texas ties preferred; prior relevant experience required.
Salary commensurate with experience. Please email cover letter, resume, and 2
professional references as a single PDF with the file name, “Last name.First
name” to txgopofficejobs21@gmail.com

MEM-111-21

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
scheduler. Individual should be highly organized, detail-oriented and able to
multi-task and work in a very fast-paced office.
Main responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules for both DC and the District, processing all incoming invitations and
meeting requests, coordinating travel arrangements, and communicating with
constituents by phone and email to address requests, concerns, and questions.
Additional Responsibilities may also include some administrative tasks including
processing and managing expenses and reimbursements.
Candidates should be resourceful, team-oriented, and have a positive attitude.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Applicants should have previous scheduling
experience (at least one year in a similar position). Salary is commensurate with
experience.

Page 11 of 14

A car and good driving record are helpful in the event we need a back-up driver
for the Member.
Southern California ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-108-21

Counsel - House Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commercial, and
Administrative Law
The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commercial, and
Administrative Law seeks a hard-working lawyer with significant legal
experience to serve as counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Subcommittee on matters of law and policy; drafting legislation; coordinating
hearings and witnesses; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and
providing guidance to offices both on and off the Subcommittee on matters of
antitrust law.
A strong background in antitrust is required. Exceptional writing skills, sound
political judgment, and the ability to work closely and collaboratively with other
congressional offices and advocacy organizations are also strongly preferred.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Antitrust Counsel” in the subject
line.

MEM-104-21

SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT/COUNSEL – Rep. Karen Bass (CA37) seeks a hardworking lawyer with legal, policy, and Hill experience to serve as
a Senior Legislative Assistant/Counsel, with the primary portfolio focusing on the
Member’s Judiciary Committee work.

Page 12 of 14

Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the Member in committee
hearings and markups; drafting talking points and speeches; and researching,
drafting, and introducing legislation. All candidates should be a team player and
possess excellent writing and communication skills, ability to work
independently, and a thorough understanding of the legislative process.
Strong candidates will have good relationships on the Hill with Democrats and
Republicans, the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment, and a
track record of turning ideas into legislation and preferably legislation into law.
This is not an entry-level position.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and two short (1-2
page) writing samples to CA37.HR@mail.house.gov with “Senior Legislative
Assistant” in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, sexual
orientation, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls
or drop-ins, please.
MEM-103-21

Congressman Steve Cohen (TN-09) seeks a Scheduler for his DC office. This
individual is responsible for organizing, tracking, evaluating, and responding to
all DC and legislative scheduling requests, making travel arrangements, and
managing all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term DC schedule.
In addition to these duties, the Scheduler will be involved in various
administrative tasks including tracking leave requests, House training
compliance, member and staff reimbursements, parking coordination, and other
duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will, in a fast-paced environment, have exceptional attention
to detail and problem-solving skills, the ability to remain flexible to last-minute
changes and demands, and a strong work ethic.
Interested applicants should email a resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to Cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Scheduler: Last name.”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.

Page 13 of 14

Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate
effectively in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes. Requests for accommodation
should be directed to Cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov.

Page 14 of 14

