House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 14, 2020

MEM-237-20

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) is seeking a highly
motivated Legislative Assistant to join her team.
Legislative portfolio will be focused on education, labor, and financial
services, but will also include tax, budget, trade, and judiciary, among other
issues. This position will also spearhead the Congresswoman’s Future of
Work Caucus, which encompasses crafting legislation, developing
stakeholder relationships, managing the caucus as a resource for Congress on
related issues, and putting together caucus events with members and
stakeholders.
Qualified candidates should have a good knowledge of the legislative process,
coalition building, and have the ability to maintain strategic relationships with
constituent organizations. This position requires the ability to advance the
Congresswoman’s legislative priorities in their issue portfolio and be creative
in spotting new legislative opportunities. Candidates must be self-starters,
able to meet short deadlines, and juggle many priorities in a fast-paced
environment.

Page 1 of 8

Ties to Delaware are a plus. This is not an entry level position and this is an
Equal Opportunity Employer. Interested candidates should send a cover letter,
resume, and two writing samples to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line by COB September 28, 2020.
No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.
MEM-235-20

Legislative Assistant/ Healthcare & Economic Justice
Senior Appropriator seeks experienced staff person to advance healthcare
equity Appropriations agenda. Portfolio also includes environment and
poverty/economic justice issues.
Responsibilities include staffing HHS Appropriations Committee hearings,
developing and advancing a proactive legislative agenda on poverty and
economic justice, drafting and analyzing legislation, writing policy memos
and talking points, working with outside stakeholders, and meeting with
constituents.
Ideal candidates will be excellent writers, have a thorough understanding of
the Appropriations process, and experience working on healthcare policy and
economic/racial equity issues.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous Hill experience is required. The
office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and short writing sample to
lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-234-20

A freshman Northeast Democrat is seeking a Staff Assistant for their
Washington DC office. The office is on maximum telework to reduce the
spread of COVID-19, until we can safely reopen the office.
Responsibilities include running the front office, managing the DC internship
program, assisting with member correspondence, managing tour and flag
requests, providing general office support to the administrative team, and
other special projects as assigned.
The ideal candidate has excellent oral and written communication skills,
patience in challenging situations, and a demonstrated ability to take initiative
and work independently. NY ties are a plus.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
Page 2 of 8

expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, people of color, and LGBTQ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter with the subject line “Staff
Assistant” to nyresume2@gmail.com by COB Tuesday, September 15, 2020.
MEM-231-20

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai’i - 01) is seeking an experienced
Scheduler/Executive Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office.
Duties include but are not limited to managing all aspects of the
Congressman’s daily and long-term schedule in D.C., the District and
elsewhere, and coordinating and implementing all administrative functions of
the D.C. office including constituent requests and records management. Direct
report is to the Chief of Staff although the Congressman is routinely involved
in all aspects of his office operations.
Very strong preference given to (1) prior Capitol Hill experience especially in
scheduling and (2) Hawai’i background, and applicants are asked to detail
these attributes. The position also requires initiative, strong interpersonal
skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and effectively under
pressure, make decisions and solve problems, orientation to detail, excellent
verbal communication and writing skills, and long hours especially adjusting
to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Scheduler/Executive
Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-229-20

DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE/CASEWORKER
U.S. CONGRESSMAN STEVEN HORSFORD
4th District of Nevada
U.S. House of Representatives 4th District of Nevada seeks a
District Representative/Caseworker
Candidate must be a motivated, organized, and sociable person to serve as a
District Representative/caseworker in the Representative’s district office. The
District Representative/Caseworker monitors and updates the Strategic
Initiatives Director and team on district and local issues, acts as a liaison to
federal, district, and local agencies for the Congressman and constituents and
answers casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
Candidates must be comfortable working with the public, have excellent oral
and written communication skills and have completed a minimum of a
Page 3 of 8

bachelor’s degree in the related field of human services or social work, and a
minimum of three years relevant experience in community or human services.
Responsibilities included but are not limited to:
•Acts as the district representative for the Congressman within his or her area
of responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communication with constituents, and serve as a liaison to
local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups to form effective
relationships for the Congressman;
•Informs the Strategic Initiatives Director along with the team of all
happenings in his or her assigned issue areas by screening district media
sources and interacting with constituents;
•Respond to constituent mail, keeping abreast of legislative developments,
meeting with constituent groups, and working with the Legislative team on
issues;
•Handle casework assignments and assess cases for problems requiring
legislative action and makes recommendations to the Strategic Initiatives
Director;
•Attend and monitors scheduled district meetings for the Congressman with
constituents;
•Attend and staff the Congressman at events and in meetings, includes driving
the Congressman to and from events and meetings;
•Prepare and complete reports and staffing memos;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress;
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment, but the District
Representative will often be required to attend and participate in meetings and
public functions out of the office including evenings, weekends and holidays.
Must have a flexible schedule;
•Noise levels are usually moderate;
•Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
•Have reliable vehicle with current insurance and good driving record
•Work is currently remote due to COVID-19
•Performs other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be/must have:
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Passionate about public service and committed to the Congressman’s values
•Poised, confident, self-starter, and team-player with a sense of humor;
•The ability to work in a high-pased environment
•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman
is involved;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Page 4 of 8

•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, procedures, and computer
applications.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. District ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, one writing sample,
and three professional references in a single PDF file-- email submissions to
the Director of Administration, selena.harvey@mail.house.gov. The Subject
line must read " MEM-NV04-DRCW-0920_ Last Name". All submissions
must be received by September 18, 2020, at 5:00 p.m. PST.
MEM-226-20

The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated
and hardworking communications professional to join fast-paced
communications team as a press assistant.
Responsibilities include drafting news releases, social media posts, op-eds
and talking points; designing graphics for both social media and web content;
monitoring social media for trending topics; maintaining and updating press
lists; and compiling daily press clips.
Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral communication
skills, a proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks
and sound political judgment.
Prior Hill or campaign communications experience, as well as professional
social media and digital experience (including graphic design and photo and
video editing), is preferred.
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
Please no phone calls.

MEM-206-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire a Research
and Data Analyst.
In this capacity the Analyst will be responsible for leading data and research
collection and analysis for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion. This
individual will lead the development of the required diversity report, maintain
key metrics and key performance indicators for the Office, and serve as a
resource for external and internal diversity best practices.
Page 5 of 8

This individual will also serve as the project manager for any consultants
and/or contractors with whom the Office may engage to support the
completion of the diversity report and to develop relevant diversity and
inclusion-based training, in collaboration with the Congressional Staff
Academy.
Key Responsibilities
• This staffer will assist in the translation of research findings into materials
that staff can effectively utilize in their engagements with Members and
Member offices.
• Provide research support on diversity and inclusion studies, techniques and
tools.
• Serve as project manager for the diversity report and, where necessary,
direct and coordinate activities of external consultants.
• Research and study best practices for retention and growth in House
employing offices.
• Lead data tracking and reporting with a focus on performance and results.
• Prepare regular updates and briefing documents on research that is relevant
to House employing offices.
• Assist with the development and delivery of training sessions and, as
needed, conduct presentations at professional conferences and meetings.
Master’s degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field; or equivalent
level of experience providing technical assistance, data collections and/or
research.
• Must have knowledge and experience in diversity, equity, and inclusion
research efforts, ideally with a strong background in curriculum development.
Current working knowledge of coalition functioning, evaluation and research.
• Quantitative and qualitative evaluation and research skills.
• Expertise using relevant software.
• Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a
diverse team.
• Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on
assignment.
• Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
• Extensive computer skills, including data input.
Interested candidates should apply by following the instructions here:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/86?c=house
Candidates will be asked to upload a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples.
Salary commensurate with experience.

Page 6 of 8

Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill,
as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of
relevant policy.
This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing
statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references.
Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line

MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects.
A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.

Page 7 of 8

Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 8 of 8

