House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 31, 2016

MEM-333-16

Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) is seeking applicants for a District
Director. The District Director will oversee management and operation of
two District offices, serve as a key liaison to local organizations and elected
officials, and develop and implement long-term strategic plans. Qualified
candidates will demonstrate significant management experience, strong oral
and written communications skills , self-motivation and outreach experience
to local and state organizations. In addition, qualified candidates with have
prior experience in coalition building, a thorough understanding of the federal
legislative process and in-depth knowledge of Southern CA. The position
requires the ability to multi-task, work well under pressure and the flexibility
to work long hours, including nights and weekends. Ties to California’s 36th
Congressional District are preferred and the position is based in Palm Desert,
CA.
To apply for the District Director position, please send cover letter and
resume to CA36DistrictDirectorposition@mail.house.gov with “District

Page 1 of 2

Director” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with experience. This is
NOT an entry-level position. No phone calls, drop-ins or faxes.
The office is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-323-16

Committee on Ethics has an immediate opening for a Staff Assistant. This
position requires an individual who is non-partisan and can handle highly
sensitive information.
Responsibilities include: greeting visitors and answering telephones; assisting
with the tracking and processing of committee correspondence; and providing
administrative support in the setup of committee meetings. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and professional telephone manner;
proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and
courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to
inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and
projects. Applicant instructions: Interested candidates should submit a resume
and cover letter by email to Ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-322-16

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a press secretary for his
Washington office. Spanish skills and Hill experience a plus. Send resume,
brief writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov.
No drop-ins please.

MEM-315-16

Senior Member of the Bay Area California Delegation seeks a Staff Assistant
to assume the responsibilities of managing the front office. Daily tasks
include answering telephones; organizing tours; greeting visitors; processing
flag requests; assisting legislative staff; and serving as Intern Coordinator.
Candidates should be detail-oriented professionals with strong organizational
skills and writing abilities, positive attitudes, and pride in their work product.
Applicants with ties to the Bay Area are strongly encouraged to apply. Please
e-mail cover letter and resume to StaffAssistantCalifornia@gmail.com. No
phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins, please.

Page 2 of 2

