House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 16, 2018

MEM-023-18

Rep. Anthony Brown (MD-04) seeks hardworking, intellectually curious and
creative thinker for Legislative Director position. Primary responsibilities
include developing, implementing and successfully advancing the office’s
legislative agenda while handling policy portfolio in a fast-paced
office. Qualified candidates should have significant Hill experience, previous
managerial experience, strong organizational skills and knowledge of
legislative procedure. If you enjoy working in a fast-paced, multi-tasking,
deadline-oriented dynamic environment, then you should apply. JD or
advanced degree in policy and Maryland ties are a plus. Women and minority
applicants encouraged to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to:
md.jobposting@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director” in the subject
line. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-019-18

Maryland Democratic Congressman is seeking a Deputy Press
Secretary/Digital Manager to work closely with the Communications
Director.

Page 1 of 6

Responsibilities include managing social media channels and sharpening
Congressman’s digital voice; planning and pitching press events and
responding to press inquiries; compiling press clips and media monitoring;
writing press advisories, releases and speeches; updating website; taking
photographs and making compelling graphics and multimedia content; and
helping to develop and execute overall communication strategies.
Ideal candidate will have strong written and verbal skills, be able to work
demanding hours in a fast-paced environment, take initiative and display
creativity, work well with a team and multi-task, be detail oriented and
organized, and have a positive attitude and a sense of humor. Maryland ties,
previous congressional or campaign experience, and photography and graphic
design skills preferred.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter describing their fit for the
role, resume and if available writing or multimedia samples to
md.jobposting@mail.house.gov with “Deputy Press Secretary/Digital
Manager” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-018-18

The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Scheduler/Executive
Assistant with strong organizational, communication, and writing skills.
Responsibilities will include maintaining the Member’s schedule for the
Washington D.C. office; organizing, evaluating and tracking invitations and
scheduling requests; and coordinating travel arrangements. In addition, the
scheduler/assistant will be responsible for coordinating/drafting the Member’s
personal correspondence, arranging and/or providing surface transportation
for the Member in DC, coordinating with staff, and other tasks as assigned by
the Chief of Staff.
We are seeking applicants to join our fun, team-oriented, and hard-working
office. The ideal candidate will possess a can-do attitude, pay high attention to
detail, and be solution oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker,
a self-starter, and will possess the capacity to produce high quality work on
short deadlines. He or she will also have a demonstrated ability to
communicate effectively with colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work
environment.
This is not an entry level position. The selected applicant will be expected to
operate in a fast-paced office and requires dedication and the ability to think
outside the box. Opportunities to assist in other legislative areas are also
available. Non-traditional work hours, occasional travel are required. Veteran
applications are welcome!

Page 2 of 6

Please do not call or drop by to the office, qualified applicants may email a
cover letter, resume and two writing samples with “Scheduler” in the email
title to: hi02jobs@gmail.com..

MEM-016-18

Maryland Democratic Congressman looking for Constituent Engagement
Officer (CEO) to serve as the grassroots extension of the member in his
district located in the DC suburbs. They are his “eye and ears” for issues on
the ground. They are a consistent presence at events in the district, develops
and maintains relationships with local government officials and community
leaders. They always reflect well on the member with their responsiveness,
professionalism and courteousness. CEOs also provide excellent constituent
service through the management of casework in assigned issue areas and
work with federal and local agencies to ensure constituents receive a response
to their inquiry. They may also be assigned to short-term or special projects,
including planning events, authoring correspondence and other related duties.
CEOs are hard-working and dedicated team players, committed to the goals of
the office and to improving the lives of the residents of the district.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•
•
•

to serve as a local representative for the member in defined geographic
areas, which are subject to change based on the needs of the office;
to manage casework within an assigned portfolio;
to monitor and update the Member and District Director on district
and local issues;

Interested candidates should submit their resume as soon as possible
to md.jobposting@mail.house.gov. Applications are accepted on a rolling
basis.
MEM-014-18

Southern California Democrat is seeking a Press Assistant to work closely
with the Communications Director to elevate the Member’s communications
operation.
Duties will include compiling daily press clips, monitoring social media,
producing graphics and videos, maintaining the website, managing press lists,
meticulously proofreading, and drafting/fact-checking written materials,
including briefing memos, social media posts, press statements, newsletters,
and talking points.
The ideal candidate will be organized, detail-oriented, have superior writing
and proofreading skills, be able to work long hours in a fast-paced and
demanding setting, exhibit situational awareness and discretion, have the
ability to multi-task without sacrificing quality, work well with a team, be
proactive yet humble, and have a sense of humor. Spanish fluency, Southern
Page 3 of 6

California ties, previous congressional or campaign experience, and
photography/videography/graphic design skills preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter describing their fit for the
role, resume, short writing sample, and if available, graphic/video samples, to
CA26PressJob@gmail.com with just “Press Assistant" in the subject line. No
phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins, please.
MEM-013-18

Conservative southeastern office is hiring a legislative
correspondent. Responsibilities include a small issue portfolio, responding
to constituent mail, overseeing a top-tier 499 program, maintaining
organization and records for legislative team, as well as hiring and training
interns. Successful candidates need not have Hill experience, but will need to
demonstrate reasonable knowledge of public policy and movement
conservative philosophy, excellence in writing, skillful argument
development, and a commitment to achievement on Capitol Hill. If
interested, send resume and various writing samples to
southeastcongress2018@gmail.com.

MEM-008-18

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Homeland Security is seeking
a Professional Staff Member. Requirements include:
•

Extensive knowledge of the Department of Homeland Security
including, but not limited to:
 Acquisition and procurement policy and practices
 Financial and Information technology management
 Departmental workforce

Previous Hill experience is preferred. Please email a resume and writing
sample to resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov.
MEM-003-18

Congressman Ted Lieu has an immediate opening for a Caseworker in his
Los Angeles District Office. Primary responsibilities include assisting
constituents with federal casework, assisting the Casework Supervisor with
casework outreach, intake and processing. The Caseworker would also attend
community events and conduct casework outreach directly with constituents.
Caseworkers meet frequently with constituents and liaise with federal
agencies, and help organize outreach events for the Congressman’s office.
The successful applicant should have experience working on federal
casework, must have a positive attitude and the ability to work and set
priorities in a fast-paced and challenging environment. Strong writing and
verbal communications skills are essential. At least one year of experience
working for an elected official or community-based organization is strongly

Page 4 of 6

preferred. A valid California Driver License and automobile are required.
Bilingual skills are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal benefits. Congressman Lieu’s primary
district office is located in Central Los Angeles.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples
no later than January 15, 2018 to:
NICOLAS RODRIQUEZ
District Director
Congressman Ted Lieu (CA-33)
5055 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 310
Los Angeles, CA 90036
Lieu.Staff@mail.house.gov
MEM-001-18

Texas Democrat is seeking an experienced Communications Director to
plan and execute a proactive and aggressive media and community outreach
strategy. Candidates should have excellent writing skills and work well in a
fast-paced collaborative environment. Applicant should also have an
extensive social media background. Texas ties and knowledge of TX media
and political landscape are a plus and management experience is preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified applicants should submit a
resume, cover letter, and two writing samples, including a press release to
TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov.

MEM-512-17

Senior Democratic House member and Committee Ranking Member seeks
Legislative Director. Primary responsibilities include developing policy and
legislative initiatives and advising Member on all legislative issues. Position
will manage long-term and short-term legislative planning; monitor legislative
activity on the House floor; supervise all legislative staff in the personal
office; ensure effective coordination between the personal office and
committee office; and assist with hearing preparation as needed. Position will
also manage health policy portfolio. The successful candidate will be a
results-oriented problem solver and have a proven track record of developing
and advancing legislation. Excellent oral and written communication skills,
time-management skills, and the ability to quickly analyze and summarize
complex legislative details are essential. Advanced degree and extensive
experience on Capitol Hill are required. To apply, please e-mail a cover letter
and resume with the words “Legislative Director” in the subject line to
job_09@live.com. Please paste the cover letter and resume directly in the
body of the email.

MEM-511-17

The Committee on Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations is seeking to fill a Clerk position on the majority staff. The
ideal candidate should have a strong interest in investigations and natural
Page 5 of 6

resources issues. Some responsibilities include staffing Subcommittee
hearings as well as some Full Committee hearings, sending and receiving
Subcommittee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as well as
with outside organizations, and managing the Subcommittee’s administrative
needs. Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, attention to detail, desire
to learn how to conduct congressional oversight and investigations, and be
self-motivated. Prior Hill experience preferred, but not required. Interested
candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NaturalResources.Jobs@mail.house.gov, with “O&I Clerk” in the subject
line.
MEM-507-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a senior legislative aide with a
minimum of three years of Hill experience. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Advanced degree a
plus. Spanish ability a plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use title on your email: Senior
LA Position. No drop-ins please.

MEM-316-17

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives, and Ranking
Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic
staff. The ideal candidate will be a junior attorney (fewer than five years of
experience) with a background or strong interest in investigations.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills. Please send a resume and
cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject
line.

Page 6 of 6

