________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 13, 2022

MEM-293-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks highly-motivated, detailoriented Staff Assistant with excellent written and oral communication skills for
DC office.
Primary responsibility is driving the member. Other responsibilities include;
general reception duty, handling tour and flag requests, processing constituent
correspondence, addressing constituent matters, assist in managing interns, and
assisting the Member and staff in all functions of the office.
Daily access to an automobile preferred – with a valid driver’s license and good
driving record.
Previous Hill experience as an intern or staff assistant preferred but not necessary.
Southern California ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two references with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

Page 1 of 22

MEM-292-22

Rep. Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly talented and motivated
Legislative Assistant in her Washington, DC office – with the primary
responsibility of handling the Member’s work on homelessness, housing,
education, and other issues.
Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, policy letters, memos, and
talking points, preparing for and staffing committee hearings, making vote
recommendations, meeting and maintaining relationships with constituents and
advocacy groups, working closely with the communications team and district
staff, advancing a number of the Member’s legislative priorities, and other tasks
as required. The position requires strong written and oral communication skills,
the ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced work environment, and to
work collaboratively in a team environment.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least 2-3 years of
Capitol Hill or relevant policy experience, be highly motivated, detail-oriented
professionals with strong organizational and time-management skills, a positive
attitude, and the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in a fast-paced
work environment.
Candidates should also have a strong understanding of the complexities
associated with housing and homelessness, a passion for economic and racial
justice, experience with coalition building, and the ability to maintain strategic
relationships with constituent organizations.
Los Angeles Metro Area|Southern California ties, experience working directly or
indirectly with homelessness organizations, and Spanish language skills are a
plus.
Salary starts at $60,000, but commensurate with skills and experience.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, two references, and two
writing samples with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-291-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing

Page 2 of 22

and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
•Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
•Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
•Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
•Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

Page 3 of 22

MEM-290-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly talented and
motivated individual to serve as a Legislative Assistant|CHC Liaison in
Washington, DC House office - with the primary responsibilities of handling the
Member’s immigration, foreign affairs, military, and criminal justice, Homeland
Security Committee work, and serve as Member’s liaison to the Congressional
Hispanic Caucus (CHC).
Candidates must have a proven record of proposing legislation, developing
amendments, and leading on letters.
Primary responsibilities include:
• Drafting legislation and amendments and advancing them through various
legislative vehicles;
• Preparing hearing binders and questions for witnesses for Homeland Security
Committee hearings;
• Drafting talking points, vote recommendations and other materials;
• Monitoring and analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings,
news stories and other relevant info; and
• Representing the Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.
Candidates must have an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in a
fast-paced work environment. Strong organizational and time management skills,
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a keen attention to detail
are required.
Spanish language skills preferred.
Southern California ties a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two references with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-289-22

Legislative Assistant Opening -- Congresswoman Lois Frankel (FL-21) is hiring
a Legislative Assistant to support her work as Co-Chair of the Democratic
Women’s Caucus (DWC), and cover a range of issues on the Appropriations
Committee, including the Energy & Water Subcommittee, transportation,
housing, judiciary, and other areas as assigned based on need and expertise.
Applicant must be comfortable working in a fast-paced and team-oriented
environment. Excellent writing skills, ability to build and maintain relationships,
and attention to detail are required. This is not an entry-level position. Previous
experience with the Hill and the Appropriations process is strongly preferred.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
Page 4 of 22

marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
status, or veteran status.
Salary will start at $65,000, depending on experience, and includes health
insurance along with other competitive benefits. Please email a cover letter and
resume with the subject line “Legislative Assistant”
to FLJobOpening@mail.house.gov. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling
basis.
MEM-287-22

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a
Deputy Press Secretary or Press Secretary to work closely with the
Communications Director, Digital Director, and Press Aide to implement the
Committee Communications Strategy.
They will assist in the drafting of press materials, monitor media and issues
relevant to the Committee, and help in handling press inquiries and managing
media relationships. They will be instrumental in the successful implementation
of day-to-day press operations. On occasion, and in consultation with the
Communications Director or Senior Staff, they may serve as the on-the-record
spokesperson.
In an effort to build a diverse and more inclusive work environment, the
committee strongly encourages veterans, minorities, women, people with
disabilities, and LGBTQ+ candidates to apply.
Title and salary negotiable depending on experience. Salary range is $60,000 $75,000.
All candidates are required to complete an online application to be considered.
There you can upload your resume, cover letter, and writing sample.
Essential Job Functions:
*Assist with the development of talking points, remarks, statements, press
releases, advisories, and caucus messaging guides
*Assist with the coordination, preparation, and execution of media interviews,
speaking engagements, and press conferences
*Monitor and track media appearances, manage media relationships, and work
with policy subject matter experts to identify opportunities for media engagement
*Assist with rapid response efforts
*Coordinate with Committee Member offices on any press related needs
*Staff Chairman at press events
Minimum Qualifications:
*Excellent written and verbal communications skills
Page 5 of 22

*Willing to execute day-to-day tasks and work successfully within a team
*Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, prioritize tasks, and adapt quickly
and easily for rapid response
Exceptionally Qualified Candidates will have:
*2+ years’ experience working in communications or related field
*Demonstrated understanding of or familiarity with veterans’ issues
*Capitol Hill experience
MEM-284-22

Republican House Member seeks experienced candidates for the role of
Scheduler. A successful candidate will demonstrate a keen attention to detail and
adapt well.
Primary responsibilities will include intaking and organizing all meeting requests,
updating the Member’s calendar, and managing quick-to-evolve travel
arrangements. Qualified candidates must have relevant scheduling or front-office
experience, preferably on Capitol Hill.
Interested candidates should send their resume
to: housegopscheduler@gmail.com.

MEM-283-22

Congresswoman Doris Matsui (D-CA-06) seeks a Legislative Assistant to focus
on a portfolio of energy, environment, and climate.
This position will handle the Congresswoman’s Energy and Commerce Energy
Subcommittee work and her role as co-chair of the House Sustainable Energy and
Environment Coalition (SEEC) and co-chair of the SEEC Nature and Oceans
Task Force. The portfolio will be focused on natural climate solutions, clean
energy, clean transportation, environmental justice, and energy equity policy; it
will also likely include women’s issues, immigration work, and potentially a few
other issues.
This is not an entry-level position. Hill experience is strongly preferred. The
office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority applicants are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com. Please use “Energy/Enviro LA” as the
subject.

MEM-281-22

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-53) is looking for an ambitious
and detail- oriented Communications Director based in Washington, D.C.

Page 6 of 22

The Communications Director will be responsible for developing and
implementing media, communications, and public relations strategies on behalf
of Congresswoman Jacobs and her office. The ideal candidate will be a strong
writer with demonstrated political instincts, solid relationships with the Capitol
Hill press corps, an interest in non-traditional methods of communication, and an
aversion to conventional wisdom.
California ties are helpful; good judgment, common sense, and a sense of humor
are a must. The position reports to the Congresswoman and Chief of Staff.
Responsibilities include:
•Crafting the office’s communications strategy
•Acting as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Congresswoman
•Writing and/or editing talking points, op-eds, press statements, press releases,
social media, and weekly newsletters on behalf of the Congresswoman
•Working with the Capitol Hill press corps and non-political outlets to book
media appearances and pitch stories
•Overseeing the office’s mass communications/franking program, and working
with the Legislative Correspondent on the office’s mail program
•Overseeing the work of the Communications Aide in the District Office and the
Digital Assistant in the Washington, D.C. office
•Staying up to date on current events and legislation relevant to the
Congresswoman, her priorities, and her district
•Working a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, writing sample and/or portfolio,
and resume with “Jacobs - Communications Director” in the subject line
to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, with priority given to earlier applicants.
The Office of Congresswoman Jacobs is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status.
MEM-279-22 The Staff Assistant will serve as an integral part of the D.C.
office. They will:
● Manage the front office
● Answer and log telephone calls
● Manage constituent requests for flags and tours
● Assist with constituent correspondence
● Recruit Capitol interns and run the Capitol internship program
● Share responsibility for driving the Member, although
owning a vehicle is not a requirement for this position
● Other administrative duties as needed
Page 7 of 22

WHAT YOU BRING:
● Strong commitment to Mondaire’s mission and values
● Previous experience on the Hill preferred but not required
● Excellent organization
● Exceptional attention to detail
● Great writing skills
● Ability to be discreet with sensitive information
APPLICATION PROCESS:
Please begin by filling out the following form via: Staff Assistant Application
(airtable.com) From there, the process is as follows:
● Zoom Interview with the current Staff Assistant (30 minutes)
● Zoom Interview with the Chief of Staff (30 minutes)
● Timed Written Exercise (1-2 hours)
● Final Zoom Interview with Mondaire (30 minutes)
Please note that you will have time to ask questions during each of the
interview stages — we want to ensure that you have a chance to learn more
about this role throughout the process!
LOCATION AND COMPENSATION:
The position will be based in our Washington, DC office. We are flexible
with remote work on non-session days.
The salary for this position is $55,000. Benefits include health insurance
coverage and up to $833 per month in student loan repayment.
INCLUSION STATEMENT:
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ people, and members of other minority or
marginalized groups are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal
opportunity employer and do not discriminate against candidates on the basis of
race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability status, or veteran status.
We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals
with disabilities throughout the interview and employment process, including
using our online system to apply for a position.
ABOUT MONDAIRE:
Mondaire Jones is the 35-year-old Congressman from New York’s 17th
District, serving Rockland and Westchester Counties. He serves on the
House Judiciary, Education and Labor, and Ethics Committees and is the
first openly gay, Black member of Congress. He also serves as Freshman
Representative to Leadership, the youngest member of the Democratic
House leadership team, Deputy Whip of the Congressional Progressive
Caucus, and Co-Chair of the LGBTQ Equality Caucus. A product of East
Page 8 of 22

Ramapo public schools, Mondaire was raised in Section 8 housing and on
food stamps in the Village of Spring Valley by a single mother who
worked multiple jobs to provide for their family. He later graduated from
Stanford University, worked at the Department of Justice during the
Obama Administration, and graduated from Harvard Law School. He is a
co-founder of the nonprofit Rising Leaders, Inc. and has previously served
on the NAACP’s National Board of Directors and on the board of the New
York Civil Liberties Union. Most recently, Mondaire worked as a litigator
in the Westchester County Law Department. Mondaire was born and
raised in Rockland and resides in Westchester.
MEM-278-22

The office of Congressman Dan Kildee is seeking an organized and creative
communications professional to join the Washington, D.C. team.
The digital/press assistant will assist the press secretary in all aspects of the
office’s robust communications operation for a Member of Democratic
leadership.
Qualified candidates will have one to two years of political, campaign or
advocacy communications experience. Successful candidates will be
collaborative team players who enjoy taking initiative, solving problems and
thinking creatively. Michigan ties are a plus.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Maintain the Member’s social media accounts
•Develop, plan, and post social media content
•Create graphics, film and edit photos and videos, including clipping, captioning
and adding branding
•Compile daily press clips
•Stay informed about relevant legislative issues and current events in the district
•Manage Member’s website
•Maintain press lists, robust photo archive and analytics trackers
•Assist with logistics for town halls, press conferences, etc.
•Write e-newsletters, press releases and media advisories
•Support franked mail and digital communications campaigns
•Work flexible schedule, including long hours, nights and weekends as necessary,
and perform other duties as assigned
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills
•Experience using Adobe Suite, Canva, Wavve and Kapwing or equivalent digital
products to create graphics, videos, and other digital content
•Understanding of print, broadcast, and digital media
•Experience developing social media content and managing platforms for clients
or cause
•Proficiency in constituent management platforms, such as IQ, preferred
•Strong organizational skills, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once
Page 9 of 22

•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
•Command of AP style
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Ability to work well under pressure, manage multiple deadlines and accept
performance-based criticism and direction
Applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, one writing sample, one sample
social post and one digital/creative sample to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com with
the subject line “Digital/Press Assistant.” Digital portfolios or websites also
accepted for creative samples.
Congressman Kildee’s office is committed to the principle of equal employment
opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work
environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions
are made without regard to race, sex, religion or belief, sexual orientation, gender
identity, family or parental status, or any other status protected by law.
MEM-275-22

Rep. Brad Schneider is hiring a Staff Assistant for the Washington D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include managing the front office, answering and logging
telephone calls, managing constituent requests for flags and tours, assisting with
constituent correspondence, recruiting and managing interns, supporting
legislative and communications staff, and other administrative duties. The Staff
Assistant is also responsible for driving the Member, although owning a vehicle
is not a requirement for this position.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal communication skills, strong organizational skills, an ability to
think quickly when troubleshooting, and maintain a positive demeanor in a busy
environment. Capitol Hill or other relevant experience, such as state or municipal
government, civil service, advocacy, or customer service, is preferred. Illinois ties
are a plus.
This office is strongly committed to nurturing a diverse and inclusive workspace
for all and does not discriminate based on race, sex, color, age, religion,
disability, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or uniformed status.
Persons of all backgrounds and identities are strongly encouraged to apply.
The annual salary for this position is $45,000. Employment in this office comes
with a competitive benefits package including health and dental insurance, federal
student loan repayment stipends (terms apply), a transportation stipend, and 12
weeks of paid FMLA leave.
Please submit a cover letter and resume to IL10.Jobs@mail.house.gov and list
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to apply. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis and the deadline to apply is June 17, 2022.

Page 10 of 22

MEM-274-22

Rep. Jimmy Panetta seeks a Press Secretary.
The ideal candidate is highly motivated, detail-oriented, creative, and
enthusiastic, with experience in print and digital media strategy, graphic design,
web design, and video and photo editing. The staff member in this position will
assist with all aspects of strategic communications including press, social media,
and mass communications. This is not an entry-level position.
Additional responsibilities include:
•Managing the Member’s social media platforms and website
•Planning and organizing district-based press conferences, tele-town halls, and
roundtables
•Pitching and fielding press inquiries
•Building and managing in-district media relations
•Speech writing with the goal of incorporating intent and voice of Member
•Drafting statements, releases, op-eds, advisories and social media content
•Compiling and reviewing daily and weekend press clips;
•Photographing and video-recording the Member at various official events
•Responding to media inquiries as needed.
Applicant qualities:
•A working knowledge of California’s central coast and understanding of the
regional print, broadcast, and online media landscape
•Excellent writing skills with strong editing, proofreading and organizational
skills
•Creativity with strong proficiency in crafting digital content
•Detail-oriented self-starter and team player able to handle multiple tasks at once
in a fast-paced environment.
•Flexibility and availability to work long hours and when necessary, weekends.
Capitol Hill experience is preferred, but not required. Ties to California,
especially its central coast, are strongly preferred.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, three writing samples of
one page or less, samples of digital media and graphic design projects, and three
references with “PRESS SECRETARY” in the subject line
to ca20.jobs@mail.house.gov
The office offers student loan repayment, paid vacation, and sick leave, in
addition to other benefits that include health care and retirement.
Rep. Panetta is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of
all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Page 11 of 22

MEM-273-22

The Office of Congressman Gregory Meeks seeks a Scheduler/Operations
Manager for the Washington DC office.
Responsibilities include working with the Chief of Staff, District Director, and
the House Foreign Affairs Committee to maintain the Member’s daily and longterm DC, District, and Committee schedule; organizing and evaluating all
meeting requests and invitations; oversees coordination with other Member
offices, Committees, the White House, State Department, Embassies and other
Executive Departments and agencies; coordinates with the Member, Chief of
Staff and Committee to facilitate official travel, domestic and abroad and working
with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is prepared for
meetings, events, and interviews.
This position will also play an active role in office operations. They are the
primary point of contact for House support offices and critical to office
management. They will be required to serve as the parking coordinator,
emergency coordinator, liaise with House Administration, and at times drive the
member. The role is integral to staff onboarding, including IT and tech support,
and will help facilitate other administrative needs as necessary.
Applicants must be highly organized, proactive, and able to work as part of a
team in a fast-paced environment. The ideal candidate performs their duties with
a high level of professionalism while maintaining tact and confidentiality. This
position requires availability outside of regular business hours. This is not an
entry-level position. Applicants MUST have prior scheduling experience in a
Congressional office or Executive office. Salary is commensurate with
experience
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. We strongly value the
diversity of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds
to apply.
Please send your resumes and cover letters
to NY05Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“SCHEDULER/OPERATIONS MANAGER.”

MEM-272-22

The office of Congressman Clay Higgins (LA-03) seeks a high motivated
Legislative Assistant to focus on a portfolio of education, healthcare,
immigration, and trade.
Job Responsibilities and Related Duties:
•Tracks legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas, briefs the
Member for floor and committee work, coordinates with Communication
Page 12 of 22

Department to draft floor speeches for the Member and plans and coordinates cosponsorships and support of other legislation related to assigned issue areas;
•Formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas including planning,
coordinating and scheduling introduction of legislation, gathering support for a
bill or amendment; working with committees on legislation and coordinating
legislative support to get the bill passed in the [Senate/House];
•Responsible for assigned caucuses, including attending meetings, compiling
information and briefing the Member on pertinent information;
•Works with Scheduler, Legislative Director, Chief of Staff, and District Director
to plan district events related to assigned issue areas;
•Meets with constituents and interest groups related to assigned issue areas and
completes meeting notes for each meeting.
•Other duties as assigned.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least two years of
Capitol Hill experience, and excellent writing and communication skills.
Qualified candidates should email their resume and cover letter with the subject
line “Legislative Assistant” to: lalegstaffposition@gmail.com
Minimum salary of $55,000/ year. Increased salary commensurate with
experience.
No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-270-22

The Office of Brenda Lawrence (MI-14) seeks an organized, and detail-oriented
scheduler for the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing all aspects of the Congresswoman’s
Washington, D.C. daily and long-term schedule; coordinating travel, booking
flight, hotel and car reservations and coordinating logistics for events; organizing
and responding to all incoming scheduling requests in a timely manner;
communicating key information regarding the member and the member’s
schedule to staff; assisting the District Director with district scheduling; and
driving the Member in DC.
Ideal candidates are flexible, responsive, collaborative, work well under pressure
and on short deadlines, and are able to balance competing demands.
The salary for this position is $68,000. This position requires flexible hours and
availability by phone during evenings and weekends. Previous scheduling
experience is preferred, but not required and Michigan ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should email their cover letter, resume and three references
in one PDF to MI14District@gmail.com. Please put “MI-14 DC Scheduler
Application” in the subject field. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
Page 13 of 22

This office is an equal opportunity employer and veterans, LGBTQ+ individuals,
women, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins,
please.
MEM-269-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a community-minded
individual with strong Hawai‘i roots to serve as Constituent Services Assistant
for his Honolulu office.
The ideal candidate has diverse experience working in the community to address
a wide range of statewide and local issues with a strong track record of advocacy
for the people of Hawai‘i. The position is responsible for assisting the
Congressman to address requests for assistance from individual constituents and
organizations, primarily but not exclusively with a wide range of federal
government programs and activities.
Duties include but are not limited to dealing directly with constituents and federal
state and local agencies and organizations. The position also includes interaction
with the Congressman’s D.C. office on related legislative and administrative
matters, as well as representing the Congressman at community events, such as
neighborhood board meetings, and otherwise assisting with the range of activities
in the Congressman’s office. Direct report to the Deputy Chief of Staff in the
Honolulu office. Although the position may also interact directly with the
Congressman and his Washington, D.C. office from time to time. The ideal
candidate is an individual who is seeking to live and work in the community that
this position is designed to serve.
Strong preference given to: (1) prior experience especially in comparable duties
including customer service or social work; (2) Hawai‘i background/community
involvement; (3) experience evaluating, synthesizing and articulating issues in a
thoughtful and respectful manner in support of constituents’ needs and the
Congressman’s initiatives; and (4) extensive knowledge of a broad range of
community resources and services from which to draw on when addressing
constituent requests. Applicants are asked to detail these attributes in their cover
letter and resume.
The position also requires an interest in government and in assisting others,
initiative, interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and
effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve problems, orientation to
detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and long and
sometimes unpredictable hours.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Constituent Services
Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

Page 14 of 22

MEM-268-22

SUMMARY:
The Office of Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley (MA-07) seeks a highly
motivated Digital/Press Assistant to support the Communications Director and
Press Secretary in all aspects of the office’s fast-paced and dynamic
communications operation, including drafting and editing social media copy,
designing digital content for the Congresswoman, and media monitoring. This
role reports to the Communications Director.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Support implementation of digital communications and public relations
strategies for the Congresswoman;
•Compile daily press clips and stay informed about current events in the district
and across the country for their impact on the Congresswoman;
•Draft social media content and other written materials, and manage all of the
Congresswoman’s social media accounts;
•Create graphics, film and edit photos and videos, including clipping, captioning
and branding;
•Manage the Congresswoman’s website and maintain robust digital archives and
analytics trackers for the Congresswoman;
•Staff digital events and video recordings with the Congresswoman;
•Support with logistics for town halls, press conferences, and other public-facing
engagements, both virtual and in-person;
•Remain abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Congresswoman may be questioned;
•Support on administrative functions of the office as needed, such as constituent
calls and data entry;
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
•Work well under pressure, handle stress, and accept performance-based criticism
and direction;
•Work flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends, and perform
other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Our office prioritizes building a diverse team committed to advocating for the
residents of the Massachusetts 7th. 1-3 years of digital, graphic design, press,
organizing, or advocacy experience is strongly recommended. As a practice as an
office we do not require any pre-requisite degrees. Ties to Massachusetts
preferred, but not required.
Please expand on how your unique set of experiences suits you to excel in this
role in your cover letter.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong communications skills, including writing, editing, and proofreading;
•Experience creating content using Adobe Suite (Illustrator, Photoshop and
Premiere or Premiere Rush)
Page 15 of 22

•Understanding of print, broadcast, and online media;
•Proficiency in constituent management platforms, such as IQ, preferred.
•Strong organizational skills, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once;
•Knowledge of current issues and events in which the Congresswoman is
involved;
•Ability to exercise discretion in the representation of the Congresswoman's
position on policy issues;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate;
•Ability to work in small a workstation without an expectation of privacy.
•COVID-19 precautions and remote work expectations can be discussed during
the interview process.
•This role is based in Washington, D.C. and requires as-needed travel to
Massachusetts.
COMPENSATION:
The salary for the position is $57,000, along with a competitive benefits package
that includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan payments (terms
apply) and 16 weeks of paid FMLA.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please submit your resume, cover letter, 3 digital/creative samples and 3
references to ma7jobposting@gmail.com with the subject line “Press/Digital
Assistant.” Digital portfolios or websites also accepted for creative samples.
MEM-267-22

The office of Representative Sean Casten (D, IL-06) seeks a Staff
Assistant/Intern Coordinator for their Glen Ellyn, Illinois district office.
The District Office Staff Assistant shall be responsible for managing the district
office administrative functions. They shall manage incoming constituent
communications, organize, and maintain correspondence and outreach material
and handle all Congressional greeting requests. The Staff Assistant shall report
directly to the District Director. The starting salary for this position is $45,000.
Specific duties include but are not limited to:
•Answers and logs incoming phone calls, conducts casework intake, and greets
office visitors
•Manages and tracks all incoming and outgoing mail to include timely
submission of monthly reports
•Manages district written outreach efforts by drafting and preparing certificates
and letters
•Identifies event and correspondence opportunities
•Manages office supply requisitions and inventory lists
Page 16 of 22

•Staffs the Congressman and serves as staff representative for the Congressman at
meetings and events
•Supervises the District Office intern program to include the recruitment, training,
and management of district office interns
•Assists with planning, organizing, and executing district outreach efforts
•Plans, organizes, and leads execution of the Congressional Art Competition
Position Qualifications:
•Bachelor’s degree (B.A.) in Political Science, Public Relations,
Communications, or relevant studies preferred but not required.
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Highly organized with strict attention to detail
•Congressional Office or similar experience preferred but not required
Representative Casten’s Office is an affirmative action/equal opportunity
employer dedicated to building a community of excellence, equity, and diversity.
It welcomes applications from women, underrepresented minorities, individuals
with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual minority groups and other candidates
who will lead and contribute to the diversification and enrichment of ideas and
perspectives.
To apply please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short statement of no more
than 300 words about why you’re a good fit for this role
to Constituent.ServicesIL06@mail.house.gov.
Subject Line: District Staff Assistant
MEM-265-22

Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized, and
professional individual to serve in the role of Staff Assistant.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, possess excellent
communication and time-management skills, the ability to exercise sound,
independent judgment, and the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with
others.
Additional daily tasks include answering phones, processing mail, assisting with
constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, and other administrative
duties supporting the Member and staff as needed.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter
to staffassistant2022@yahoo.com. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-263-22

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Communications Director
for his Washington, DC Office. The ideal candidate is highly-organized,
passionate, friendly, and has noteworthy experience.

Page 17 of 22

The Communications Director manages and coordinates the messaging and
communications activities, including media contacts, for the Member and the
Office. Traditional and digital communications are managed by the
Communications Director including press statements, press releases, mass emails,
social media posts, and website updates.
The applicant must be an excellent writer with strong organizational skills,
demonstrated political instincts, and proven judgment. Ideal candidate has at least
five years of communications and messaging experience in the public and/or
private sector, including campaign or government, and robust media contacts.
The position reports to the Member and Chief of Staff.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The Office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Due to COVID19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, but no application will be considered later than June 24, 2022. No
phone calls, faxes, or separate emails.
MEM-262-22

North Bay legislative office seeking District Scheduler/Office Manager –
Responsibilities include coordinating the Member’s California schedule by
making travel and meeting arrangements while anticipating and responding to
day-to-day developments; serving as the office's primary point of contact for
constituents, elected officials, and nonprofit and advocacy organizations seeking
meetings in the district; coordinating with staff (including field, legislative, and
press) to identify schedule priorities, and then working proactively to make shortand long-term decisions to implement plans; working directly with the District
Director and Member on logistics.
Also responsible for assisting the Capitol office and District Director on
maintaining financial and expense records, and with various administrative
duties, and managing special projects including the district internship program.
Opportunities for additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and
abilities.
A successful candidate will be highly organized, detail oriented, possess strong
writing skills, have experience working in a fast-paced office, and the ability to
maintain a professional, flexible, and positive demeanor while managing multiple
and competing tasks and projects.

Page 18 of 22

Please send cover letter and resume to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject like “CA02 District Scheduler/Office Manager.”
MEM-231-22

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-208-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks an experienced
Communications Director based in the DC office to develop and execute the
Congressman’s communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and
Means, Armed Services, and Budget committees.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to Congressman Horsford and will supervise the work of
junior communications staff. They will be responsible for executing an
aggressive communications plan that generates positive local and national media
coverage, reaches diverse communities, and expands the Congressman’s reach to
new audiences.
Page 19 of 22

Responsibilities include but is not limited to:
•Working with Congressman Horsford, the Chief of Staff, the Deputy Chief of
Staff, and the District Director to develop strategic messaging priorities.
•Managing all day-to-day external communications from the office, including
press releases, remarks, floor speeches, interview memos, newsletters, op-eds,
and social media.
•Proactively identifying opportunities to expand Congressman Horsford’s local
and national media profile and working closely with the Congressional Black
Caucus, the House Labor Caucus, and other affiliated caucuses on shared
priorities.
•Pitching stories to local and national press and planning press conferences, press
calls, and other press events.
•Developing a strategic plan and budget for all communications programs.
•Designing and implementing a creative digital communications program,
including both paid advertising and organic social media. The Communications
Director will also be responsible for keeping the Congressman’s website up-todate.
•Overseeing franked communications and a robust 499 program.
This is not an entry-level position, and candidates must have previous press
experience on or off Capitol Hill. Strong oral and written communications skills
are required. Prior experience managing franked communications is a plus.
The ideal candidate must be collaborative, creative, energetic, detail-oriented,
able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fastpaced and demanding setting.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Experience with video editing and graphic design is also a plus and Nevada ties a
plus.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three writing samples, and three
professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-149-22

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active and
visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework distribution;
Page 20 of 22

answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings, condolences and
congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities may also include
casework assignments if the District Director finds that the staff assistant can take
on such work while paying the required attention to his/her already assigned
tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting, training,
scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move
immediately to D.C., if hired.
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
MEM-069-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks a Press Media
Secretary based in the DC office to work closely with the Communications
Director, based in the district office to develop and execute the Congressman’s
communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and Means, Armed
Services, and Budget committees.
The Press Media Secretary must be and stay up to date with the latest digital,
technical, and social media trends. Able to express the Congressman's voice
creatively and promote social media presence, ensuring high web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines. This position serves as a
part of the Communications team and reports directly to the Director of
Communications based in the district, however, this person will be the main point
of contact in the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
• Acts as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Managing the Congressman’s social media platforms, developing a weekly
content calendar, and drafting rapid response content during breaking news
moments.
• Maintaining the Congressman’s website and drafting new website content
covering key policy issues.
• Preparing daily press clip summaries and monitoring the Congressman’s media
mentions.
• Writing a weekly newsletter, creating digital ads, and participating in other
efforts to keep constituents of Nevada’s Fourth District informed about the work
of a busy Congressional office.
• Helping to plan and staff communications-focused events for the Congressman,
Page 21 of 22

both in-district and in Washington D.C.
• Writing short-form speeches and video scripts and preparing video clips of the
Congressman for public distribution.
• Building relationships with allies and online influencers to amplify
Congressman Horsford’s digital message and expand his online reach.
• Perform all other duties as required
The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work closely with
legislative and district staff. The ideal candidate will have experience in or
interest in learning about aspects of the office’s traditional press operations,
including writing press releases, drafting talking points and speeches, forming
relationships with members of the media, and pitching stories.
This is an ideal position for someone with 1-2 years of communications or digital
experience. Applicants must be passionate about public service, well-organized,
and have the ability to work on weekends and holidays when necessary.
Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other
languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply. Experience
with video editing and graphic design is also a plus. Nevada ties are a plus, but
not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, three writing samples, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Press/Media Secretary” in the subject
line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.

Page 22 of 22

