________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 22, 2021

MEM-089-21

CASEWORKER
Congresswoman Elissa Slotkin is seeking a full-time Caseworker to serve in her
Lansing, Michigan office. The Caseworker will report to the Constituent Services
Director.
Responsibilities:
•Serves as the representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, verbal
communications with constituents, and acting as liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies;
•Handles all casework assignments in a timely and professional manner, seeing
casework issues through to resolution;
•Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations;
•Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework, maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the Office;
•Monitors and updates the Member and District Director on district and local
issues;
•As appropriate, acts as liaison and interfaces with city, county, district, and
federal officials, and other persons or groups to form effective relationships for
the Member;
•Manages the office’s grants program, including proactively identifying
Page 1 of 14

organizations that would benefit from federal grants, assisting organizations that
are applying for grants, and recognizing organizations that have received grants.
•As appropriate, trains and supervises Interns, to handle Office matters such as
logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors, telephone
calls, and computer operations;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Candidate Qualifications:
Candidates should have exceptional written and oral communications skills, and
experience working in a role where they interact with the public. Ideal candidates:
•Have experience working directly with constituents/clients in a service provision
role
•Are able to produce high quality work in a fast-paced environment under tight
deadlines
•Are hardworking and detail-oriented self-starters
•Have a high attention to detail;
•Have the ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment
of casework responsibilities;
•Are team players, able to work both collaboratively and individually
Interested candidates should submit a cover letter, a resume with two professional
references, and a writing sample of 1000 words or less to
“jobs.mi08@mail.house.gov” by March 26, 2021.
The Office of Representative Slotkin is an Equal Opportunity Employer and
strongly encourages women, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates to apply. As an
Equal Opportunity Employer, the office does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, or parental status.
MEM-087-21

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active and visible
legislative office staff. The candidate must have strong interpersonal skills, be
comfortable with managing multiple tasks and able to work well under pressure.
The staff assistant is responsible for front office duties, including answering and
screening telephone calls, mail distribution, room reservations, and responding to
constituent requests for flags, tours, and other information. The staff assistant also
serves as intern coordinator by recruiting training, scheduling and assigning
duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication skills and a
working knowledge of the District of Columbia. Candidate must be a resident of
the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to D.C., if hired.
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Page 2 of 14

Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
MEM-086-21

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Legislative Director for its
Washington, DC office. The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate,
friendly, and has noteworthy experience.
Responsibilities include assisting in the development of policy positions and
legislative initiatives and managing and supervising the office's legislative staff.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Due to COVID19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, but no application will be considered later than April 16, 2021. No
phone calls, faxes, or emails.

MEM-085-21

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Communications Director
for its Washington, DC office. The ideal candidate is highly-organized,
passionate, friendly, and has noteworthy experience.
Responsibilities include managing and coordinating the messaging and
communications activities, including media contacts, for the Member and the
office. Traditional and digital communications are managed by the
Communications Director including press statements, press releases, mass emails,
social media posts, and website updates.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Due to COVID19, work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, but no application will be considered later than April 16, 2021. No
phone calls, faxes, or emails.

MEM-084-21

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Legislative Assistant for its
Washington, DC office. The ideal candidate is highly-organized, passionate,
friendly, and has noteworthy experience.

Page 3 of 14

Responsibilities include developing and planning legislative initiatives;
monitoring legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor;
tracking legislation, executive action, administrative action, and other
governmental developments; drafting constituent correspondence for the
Member; preparing for committee meetings and hearings; answering constituent
letters; and helping constituents with federal matters.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Due to COVID19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, but no application will be considered later than April 16, 2021. No
phone calls, faxes, or emails.
MEM-083-21

Staff/Digital Assistant Opening: New Jersey Democrat is seeking a motivated
and organized Staff Assistant with excellent oral and written communication
skills for the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing front desk operations, answering telephones,
greeting visitors, coordinating tours for visiting guests, processing flag requests,
reviewing, sorting, and responding to incoming constituent correspondence,
addressing constituent matters, and assisting the Member and legislative staff as
needed.
Additional duties include management of the website and social media activities,
including official Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter accounts, drafting social
media and outreach content, filming, taking photos, and occasionally producing
graphics and videos. Knowledge of Adobe Creative Cloud and Canva is a plus.
Please e-mail cover letter, resume and a brief writing sample
to: NJ08jobs@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.

MEM-081-21

SUBCOMMITTEE STAFF DIRECTOR – The office of Rep. Karen Bass seeks
a Staff Director with demonstrated leadership skills for the House Foreign Affairs
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, and Global Human Rights.
The Staff Director will support the Chairwoman and lead a small team to support
the policy direction of the Africa Subcommittee by implementing the legislative
Page 4 of 14

and oversight agenda. Responsibilities include drafting legislation, developing
policy and communications objectives; managing implementation of
Subcommittee hearings and briefings; drafting official letters, memoranda, and
investigative reports; helping publicize activities and investigative findings;
organizing and acting as lead staff on Congressional Delegations abroad;
managing, mentoring, and directing Subcommittee staff; serving as primary
support for Subcommittee Members and staff; and coordinating with the House
Foreign Affairs Committee staff.
This is not an entry-level position. The candidate will be able utilize a broad array
of legislative, oversight, and regulatory tools to enact the foreign policy related
goals focused on Africa.
Applicants should possess a clear background in foreign policy, with a specific
expertise on the continent of Africa; a strong network of ties in the foreign affairs
policy community; strong leadership skills and verifiable experience managing a
team; robust verbal and written communication skills; and the ability to manage
multiple projects at one time in a fast-paced environment. Ideal candidates will
have a deep understanding of the Hill and a proven track record of achieving
policy goals.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to CA37.HR@mail.house.gov. Please include “Subcommittee Staff Director” in
the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, sexual
orientation, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. and
candidates of color are strongly encouraged to apply. Please no calls or drop-ins.
MEM-078-21

Western Republican Member has opportunity for a motivated, well organized,
and talented scheduler.
Qualified candidates will have experience managing a fast-paced schedule for a
Member of Congress, processing all incoming schedule requests and arranging
travel. The scheduler will work closely with Member, Chief of Staff, and District
Director in advancing priorities of the office. This position requires attention to
detail, problem solving skills, good judgment and the ability to work as part of a
team.
Prior relevant experience required; salary commensurate with experience.
Position requires reasonable flexibility and availability beyond normal office
hours. Please email cover letter and resume to uscongressjobs@gmail.com

MEM-077-21

The office of Congressman Mondaire Jones (D-NY) seeks a Legislative Director
based in Washington, D.C.
Page 5 of 14

The Legislative Director will be responsible for advancing the Congressman’s
legislative priorities and supporting his work on the Judiciary and Education and
Labor Committees. Rep. Jones serves as Freshman Representative to Leadership,
co-chair of the Equality Caucus, Deputy Whip of the Congressional Progressive
Caucus, and Vice Chair of the Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property,
and the Internet.
The ideal candidate will have substantial experience working on a variety of
issues, including education, health, employment, labor, transportation,
appropriations, housing, and other issues that impact majority-minority
communities. Strong academic credentials, committee experience, and proven
leadership skills are required. In addition, the candidate should possess strong
oral and written communication skills, the ability to work well under pressure,
extensive knowledge of the legislative process, and be available to work long
hours.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous House-side Hill
experience and extensive legislative acumen will be considered and contacted. JD
and previous experience serving as a Legislative Director or senior policy staff
are strongly preferred.
Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with ties to
New York (and NY-17 in particular). You can find the application via the
following link: https://airtable.com/shriBI8YHiyDXXfR0
Due to the volume of applications we receive, we will only contact you if we
decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct emails, or
walk-ins.
MEM-076-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks an
Economist to provide expert advice on labor economics, and support policy
making initiatives in health, education and human services.
The Economist must be able to successfully communicate data and findings in an
accessible manner to a non-technical audience and demonstrate a commitment to
social justice and expanding economic opportunity. Responsibilities include
assisting labor, health and education policy staff to draft legislation; prepare
materials for hearings, markups and floor activity; and draft memos.
The Economist is also expected to conduct research, track and report on labor
market and macroeconomic developments; coordinate appropriations and budget
related matters; evaluate regulatory proposals; track other committees’ activities
that intersect with the Ed and Labor Committee; provide cost/budget

Page 6 of 14

justifications for policy priorities; and, coordinate with oversight and
communications teams in support of the Committee’s agenda.
Requirements include at a minimum a Bachelor’s degree in Economics,
quantitative aptitude, analytical mindset, and good problem-solving skills.
Applicants should have at least 5 years of experience as a professional economist
and possess strong writing, communication, and organizational skills. The
candidate must demonstrate the ability to successfully manage multiple projects
under deadlines and display a collaborative disposition.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, 3-5 page writing sample,
and 3 professional references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Economist" in
the subject line. The salary range is $70K to $95K, commensurate with education
and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-075-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Professional Staff member to provide expert advice, advance legislation and
provide oversight on workplace safety and health, and to support policy making
where workplace safety issues cross cut with the Committee’s initiatives in
health, education and human services.
The Candidate will draft legislation, organize and prepare materials for hearings,
markups and floor activity; draft memos; research, track and report on workplace
safety and health developments; engage with other committees and the full array
of stakeholders; evaluate regulatory and legislative proposals from relevant
agencies, including OSHA, MSHA, NIOSH, and the Department of Labor’s
Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs; and coordinate with oversight and
communications teams in support of the Committee’s agenda.
Applicants should have a degree in a relevant discipline or at least 3 years of
experience in Congress, a regulatory agency, union or other organization working
on health and safety issues. Key to this position is the ability to anticipate
emerging issues, support build support for initiatives, and successfully
communicate safety and health information in an accessible manner to a nontechnical audience. The successful applicant should have an analytical mindset
and good problem-solving skills.
This position is writing intensive and requires the candidate to have exceptional
writing, communication, and organizational skills. Must demonstrate the ability
to successfully manage multiple projects under tight deadlines; display a

Page 7 of 14

collaborative disposition; and a commitment to social justice and expanding
economic opportunity.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, 3-5 page writing sample,
and 3 professional references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Workplace
Safety" in the subject line. Salary commensurate with experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-074-21

Progressive California Democrat and member of the House Ways and Means
Committee seeks a Legislative Counsel to handle an active immigration and
judiciary portfolio. This position also leads the member’s work on the Ways and
Means Worker & Family Support Subcommittee in addition to handling child
welfare, poverty, labor, civil rights, and social security issues.
Responsibilities include: preparing and staffing the Member in committee
hearings and markups, developing and advancing legislation and other policy
priorities of the Member, researching and advising the Member on policy issues
and vote recommendations, drafting talking points and speeches, and representing
the Member in meetings and events.
The successful candidate will be an independent worker and a self-starter, possess
the capacity to produce high-quality work in a fast-paced environment and have
strong communication and writing skills. Preferred candidates will have a
background in immigration policy. Candidate must be able to synthesize complex
technical information under tight deadlines and be able to work well with a
variety of competing interest groups. Must possess a positive attitude, a good
sense of humor and thrive in a team environment.
This is not an entry level position. J.D. preferred but not required. Please e-mail
your resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to ca27jobs@gmail.com.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please!

MEM-073-21

General Counsel
The House Committee on Small Business seeks a General Counsel to advise the
Chairwoman, Members, and staff on the rules and procedures of the Committee
and assist senior staff in overseeing the legislative activities of the Committee.
Responsibilities include preparing for hearings, markups, and floor activity,
tracking legislation, drafting and editing Committee documents. Candidates
Page 8 of 14

should possess excellent writing and organizational skills, be detail-oriented, and
demonstrate an ability to work well under pressure and short deadlines.
An ideal candidate will have prior Hill experience and/or and a strong
understanding of the House Rules. This is not an entry level position. The
Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of
all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should submit a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to: hsbcdems@gmail.com with the subject line General Counsel.
MEM-071-21

The House Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis majority staff seeks a
Communications Director. The ideal candidate will be a communications
professional with several years of congressional experience.
Responsibilities include developing and implementing the Select Subcommittee’s
communications strategy across digital and traditional media, drafting press
releases and other materials, responding to media inquiries, coordinating
interviews and press events, and preparing the Chairman for these events.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Communications Director” in the subject line.

MEM-070-21

DISTRICT OFFICE CASEWORKER
SUMMARY:
The District Office Caseworker acts a constituent liaison for the Member. This
position also monitors and updates the Member and District Director on district
and local issues. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local
agencies for the Member and constituents and answers casework correspondence
and verbal communications with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
*Handles casework assignments;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
*Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
*Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
Page 9 of 14

*Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Member;
*Acts as a liaison to and notifies the appropriate media when the Member will be
in the liaison’s area and works with the Member's Communications Director and
Scheduler to ensure appropriate media participation;
*Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director, Legislative Director, and Chief of
Staff.
*Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
*Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
*Trains and supervises Staff Assistants, including interns, to handle office
matters such as logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling
visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
*Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
*Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
*Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
*Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Works under pressure and handles stress;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least 5 years of experience; strong academic credentials. Alternatively, 10
years of related experience or training in legislation or equivalent similar
experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong oral and written communication skills;
*Thorough knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments;
*Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
*Professional telephone manner;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
*Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
Page 10 of 14

*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
*Knowledge of office computer applications; and
*Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate.
*Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
All applicants should submit a Resume and Cover letter
to MD07Resumes@mail.house.gov
MEM-068-21

Staff Assistant /District Field Representative – The district office of
Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks a hard-working, organized individual to
serve as a Staff Assistant & District Field Representative.
This position primarily entails constituent casework and community outreach.
Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials,
representing the Congressman at community and governmental events, special
projects, as well as general office work. Candidates should possess excellent
verbal and written communication skills, and must enjoy working with the public.
Prior experience in government, the non-profit sector, community and grassroots
organizing is preferred. This position is based in New Jersey. To apply, please
send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and references by email
to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-062-21

Rep. Jerrold Nadler, Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee and the most
senior Jewish Member in Congress, seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle
Israel/Middle East and issues of importance to the American Jewish community,
foreign affairs, defense, financial services, and other issues in the Chairman’s
Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities will include staffing and preparing the Chairman for meetings
and events with Members, outside organizations, and other stakeholders; serving
as a resource to other offices on Israel/Middle East and other issues; writing
statements and briefing materials; drafting legislation where appropriate; and
meeting with stakeholders both with and without the Chairman.
A deep understanding of issues relating to Israel and the relevant stakeholders in
this area is required. Strong writing skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with others is essential. Chairman
Nadler is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

Page 11 of 14

Chairman Nadler’s office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender
identity), disability, age, or national origin. To apply send a resume and cover
letter to NY10.DCJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-059-21

The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and Citizenship seeks a hardworking lawyer with significant experience in immigration and nationality law to
serve as legislative counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Judiciary Committee on matters involving immigration law and policy; drafting
legislation; coordinating hearings and witnesses; preparing Members for hearings
and markups; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and providing
guidance to other offices within the Democratic Caucus on immigration-related
matters.
A strong background in immigration law and policy is required. Exceptional
writing skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work closely and
collaboratively with other congressional offices and advocacy organizations are
essential. The ideal candidate will have Capitol Hill experience and a minimum
of five years of experience in immigration law.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Immigration Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-058-21

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on the Judiciary is seeking a
Digital Director. The Digital Director is responsible for developing the longterm, short-term, and rapid response digital strategy as well as innovative digital
content. The Digital Director works closely with chief counsels, the
communications team, and the senior staff to advance the Committee’s goals and
legislative priorities.
Primary responsibilities include:
1. the production of all outward and inward facing products for the Committee,
including graphics, images, videos, manuals, presentations, templates, and
demonstratives;
2. the development of new and innovative digital strategies to expand the
Page 12 of 14

audience;
3. the design and implementation of paid and organic online media strategies;
4. the coordination of hybrid and virtual hearings, including serving as the
technical lead and primary liaison with the CAO, HRS, and Committee staff.
Skills:
Experience in Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Premier Pro, After Effects,
LightRoom, InDesign, or Audition is preferred.
Experience in HTML, CSS, CRM, UX and UCD, hard-skills technology, big-data
analysis and graphical representation, Webex, Zoom, OBS, and Wirecast is
preferred.
Mastery in manual photography and videography.
The Committee is looking for candidates who are highly creative, pay close
attention to detail, and have a strong work ethic. Willingness to take initiative,
generate creative ideas, work on your own or as part of a team, train and mentor
digital interns and fellows, and work under deadline pressure is a must.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume, writing sample and digital portfolio
to HouseJud.DemsJob@mail.house.gov
MEM-049-21

Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX-30) is seeking a Communications
Director for her Washington, DC office.
The Communications Director will be responsible for overseeing the planning
and execution of the overall media strategy and managing the day-to-day
communications operation. Candidates must possess excellent written and oral
communications skills, as well as be able to make critical decisions
independently.
Duties include but are not limited to working with local and national reporters,
proactively engaging in media outreach, managing online communications, and
drafting press releases and op-eds. Strong writing skills, understanding of
political messaging, and sound judgment are all required.

Page 13 of 14

This is not an entry level position. Qualified candidates should submit a cover
letter, resume, and two writing samples to tx30@mail.house.gov No phone calls,
faxes, or drop-ins please.

Page 14 of 14

