________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 8, 2021

MEM-071-21

The House Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis majority staff seeks a
Communications Director. The ideal candidate will be a communications
professional with several years of congressional experience.
Responsibilities include developing and implementing the Select Subcommittee’s
communications strategy across digital and traditional media, drafting press
releases and other materials, responding to media inquiries, coordinating
interviews and press events, and preparing the Chairman for these events.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Communications Director” in the subject line.

MEM-070-21

DISTRICT OFFICE CASEWORKER
SUMMARY:
The District Office Caseworker acts a constituent liaison for the Member. This
position also monitors and updates the Member and District Director on district
and local issues. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local

Page 1 of 10

agencies for the Member and constituents and answers casework correspondence
and verbal communications with constituents.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
*Handles casework assignments;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents;
*Acts as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies;
*Informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
*Acts as a liaison to local, state, and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Member;
*Acts as a liaison to and notifies the appropriate media when the Member will be
in the liaison’s area and works with the Member's Communications Director and
Scheduler to ensure appropriate media participation;
*Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director, Legislative Director, and Chief of
Staff.
*Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents;
*Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
*Trains and supervises Staff Assistants, including interns, to handle office
matters such as logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling
visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
*Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
*Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
*Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
*Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Works under pressure and handles stress;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least 5 years of experience; strong academic credentials. Alternatively, 10
years of related experience or training in legislation or equivalent similar
experience.

Page 2 of 10

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong oral and written communication skills;
*Thorough knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments;
*Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
*Professional telephone manner;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
*Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
*Knowledge of office computer applications; and
*Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate.
*Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
All applicants should submit a Resume and Cover letter
to MD07Resumes@mail.house.gov
MEM-068-21

Staff Assistant /District Field Representative – The district office of
Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks a hard-working, organized individual to
serve as a Staff Assistant & District Field Representative.
This position primarily entails constituent casework and community outreach.
Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials,
representing the Congressman at community and governmental events, special
projects, as well as general office work. Candidates should possess excellent
verbal and written communication skills, and must enjoy working with the public.
Prior experience in government, the non-profit sector, community and grassroots
organizing is preferred. This position is based in New Jersey. To apply, please
send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and references by email
to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-065-21

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR –The 56-member bi-partisan Problem
Solvers Caucus (PSC) seeks an innovative, strategic, and experienced
communications director based in Washington, D.C. The staff member in this
position proactively promotes and helps build the caucus’s national image and
manage its press, social media, and communications operations.
Page 3 of 10

The communications director works closely with the executive director, PSC cochairs and their staff to carry out assigned duties. This position is responsible for
helping plan, draft, and coordinate communications activities to advance caucus
priorities, including pitching stories, developing social media content, writing
press releases, and maintaining positive working relationships with members of
national, state, and local media. The communications director produces caucusoriented talking points, member media toolkits, and works collaboratively with
member offices.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least two years of
previous communications experience, including Capitol Hill experience and
relationships with the congressional press corps. A disposition aligned with the
caucus mission of breaking the gridlock in Congress by promoting bi-partisan, bicameral collaboration and policies is essential.
Candidates must possess strong writing, communication, and organizational
skills, digital and social media savviness, creativity, and the ability to work with
members and their staff under tight deadlines. Candidates should also be familiar
with graphic design, website and social media design, and constructing and
conveying messages to a national audience through print, television, and digital
media.
Salary range for this position is $50,000 to $56,000 plus benefits. The Problem
Solvers Caucus is an equal opportunity employer and will be taking applications
through March 10, 2021. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation,
gender identity, disability, age, national origin, or service in the military.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and at least two
professional references to Jaclyn.ODay@mail.house.gov, with the subject line as
“Problem Solvers Caucus Communications Director.”
MEM-062-21

Rep. Jerrold Nadler, Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee and the most
senior Jewish Member in Congress, seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle
Israel/Middle East and issues of importance to the American Jewish community,
foreign affairs, defense, financial services, and other issues in the Chairman’s
Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities will include staffing and preparing the Chairman for meetings
and events with Members, outside organizations, and other stakeholders; serving
as a resource to other offices on Israel/Middle East and other issues; writing
statements and briefing materials; drafting legislation where appropriate; and
meeting with stakeholders both with and without the Chairman.

Page 4 of 10

A deep understanding of issues relating to Israel and the relevant stakeholders in
this area is required. Strong writing skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with others is essential. Chairman
Nadler is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of all
backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Chairman Nadler’s office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender
identity), disability, age, or national origin. To apply send a resume and cover
letter to NY10.DCJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-059-21

The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and Citizenship seeks a hardworking lawyer with significant experience in immigration and nationality law to
serve as legislative counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Judiciary Committee on matters involving immigration law and policy; drafting
legislation; coordinating hearings and witnesses; preparing Members for hearings
and markups; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and providing
guidance to other offices within the Democratic Caucus on immigration-related
matters.
A strong background in immigration law and policy is required. Exceptional
writing skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work closely and
collaboratively with other congressional offices and advocacy organizations are
essential. The ideal candidate will have Capitol Hill experience and a minimum
of five years of experience in immigration law.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Immigration Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-058-21

The Democratic staff of the House Committee on the Judiciary is seeking a
Digital Director. The Digital Director is responsible for developing the longterm, short-term, and rapid response digital strategy as well as innovative digital
content. The Digital Director works closely with chief counsels, the
communications team, and the senior staff to advance the Committee’s goals and
legislative priorities.
Primary responsibilities include:
Page 5 of 10

1. the production of all outward and inward facing products for the Committee,
including graphics, images, videos, manuals, presentations, templates, and
demonstratives;
2. the development of new and innovative digital strategies to expand the
audience;
3. the design and implementation of paid and organic online media strategies;
4. the coordination of hybrid and virtual hearings, including serving as the
technical lead and primary liaison with the CAO, HRS, and Committee staff.
Skills:
Experience in Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Premier Pro, After Effects,
LightRoom, InDesign, or Audition is preferred.
Experience in HTML, CSS, CRM, UX and UCD, hard-skills technology, big-data
analysis and graphical representation, Webex, Zoom, OBS, and Wirecast is
preferred.
Mastery in manual photography and videography.
The Committee is looking for candidates who are highly creative, pay close
attention to detail, and have a strong work ethic. Willingness to take initiative,
generate creative ideas, work on your own or as part of a team, train and mentor
digital interns and fellows, and work under deadline pressure is a must.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume, writing sample and digital portfolio
to HouseJud.DemsJob@mail.house.gov
MEM-057-21

Congresswoman Nydia Velázquez D-NY-07 is seeking a strong writer and
creative thinker with a sense of humor to serve as Staff and Press Assistant in a
fast-paced and highly collaborative Capitol Hill office.
The candidate will be responsible for managing and maintaining a high-volume
constituent correspondence system and responding to constituent letters and
phone calls in a timely manner. Press responsibilities will include compiling daily
news clips, drafting press releases, quotes, and social media posts, e-newsletters
and 499’s, and managing digital presence. Strong video and social media skills
Page 6 of 10

are required.
The successful candidate will be a self-starter, hardworking, highly dependable,
and organized, as well as possess strong oral and written communication skills
and the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure.
Previous experience on Capitol Hill is preferred; New York City ties and
bilingual Spanish speaking is a plus. BIPOC, women, LGBTQIA+ and veterans
are strongly encouraged to apply.
The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, military status, gender identity and expression, marital
status, parental status, or sexual orientation, or in any of its activities or
operations.
Interested applicants should email their resume and cover letter
to spajobnv07@gmail.com with the subject line “Staff and Press Assistant
Application” no later than March 12th.
MEM-055-21

Legislative Correspondent/Digital Assistant - Senior Democrat is seeking a
highly energetic, motivated, and organized individual with strong writing, social
media/media, and interpersonal skills who can manage multiple tasks and work
well under pressure.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent mail, including any research
necessary to write an adequate response to the mail; monitoring House floor
procedures; meeting with constituents and interested individuals/organizations;
preparing congressional record entries; drafting social media and outreach
content; producing high-quality graphics and videos; livestreaming outreach
events; and assisting the communications director with updating the website and
social media pages.
The ideal candidate will be a results-oriented problem solver and a motivated
self-starter who can think outside the box. Candidate must have a bachelor's
degree, excellent writing and communication skills. Candidate must be a resident
of, or be willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov

MEM-054-21

State Director: Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester seeks a State Director
based out of her fast-paced Wilmington district office.
The State Director oversees all district office operations and works very closely
with the Congresswoman in developing, implementing and overseeing policy
objectives, strategy and operational objectives as well as directs and supports all
Page 7 of 10

staff activity throughout the district. The position is a leadership role in the office
and supervises up to seven employees in both our Wilmington and Georgetown
offices.
Duties require work during regular office hours as well as nights and weekends.
The successful candidate will have strong managerial experience, and be a
dynamic, well-versed professional and public servant as well as hold a valid
driver’s license and have a clean driving record.
This is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Salary commensurate with experience.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume
to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “State Director” in the subject line by COB
Monday, March 11th. No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.
MEM-049-21

Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX-30) is seeking a Communications
Director for her Washington, DC office.
The Communications Director will be responsible for overseeing the planning
and execution of the overall media strategy and managing the day-to-day
communications operation. Candidates must possess excellent written and oral
communications skills, as well as be able to make critical decisions
independently.
Duties include but are not limited to working with local and national reporters,
proactively engaging in media outreach, managing online communications, and
drafting press releases and op-eds. Strong writing skills, understanding of
political messaging, and sound judgment are all required.
This is not an entry level position. Qualified candidates should submit a cover
letter, resume, and two writing samples to tx30@mail.house.gov No phone calls,
faxes, or drop-ins please.

MEM-048-21

Congressman Kurt Schrader (OR-5) seeks a District Scheduler and Office
Manager based in Oregon. The staff member in this position will perform a
variety of administrative and operational duties including maintaining Member’s
in-district schedule, record keeping, managing district IT needs, hiring and
managing interns.
Essential job functions:
•Prepares district schedule for Member including but not limited to address,
directions, purpose of meeting, contact info, staffing, etc; makes travel plans
when required;
•Prepares online briefing book for Member for district visits;
•Actively participates in strategic scheduling of Member to ensure Member is
reaching each part of District;
•Maintains database of all scheduling requests, invitations
Page 8 of 10

•Responds to all invitations either by written correspondence or personal phone
call; logs communication on each request in database;
•Responsible for managing all aspects of the yearly Congressional Art
Competition
•Monitors the District Office’s compliance with House Rules, including franking
reporting and ethics rules;
•Manages Salem and Oregon City office functions including supplies; technology
(including copier, phone system, and computers); GSA inventory; leases (parking
and office); communications with security contractor; cleaning services; etc
•Serves as Law Enforcement Coordinator for district offices as outlined by House
Sergeant at Arms; maintains files related to communications with US Capitol
Police
•Works with DC office counterpart to ensure all district bills are forwarded on
time;
•Maintains up to date information on office accounts for printing, supplies and
travel;
•Provides logistical support and staffing of Member at district meetings and
events;
•Recruits, trains and manages interns for state offices;
•Drafts and posts social media posts for in-district visits in conjunction with
Communications Director;
Qualifications include a working knowledge of Oregon’s 5th congressional
district, a service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills, proficiency at
prioritizing and managing multiple projects at one time, a capacity to work both
independently and as part of a team, and strong written and oral communications
skills. Bachelor’s degree preferred and/or 2 to 3 years of experience. Spanish
language proficiency is a plus.
Salary range for this position is $45,000 to $55,000 plus benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified
candidates are encouraged to apply.
The Office will be taking applications through March 12, 2021 and may remain
open longer should the position remain unfilled. Please email your resume and
cover letter to: OR05KS.resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: District
Scheduler.
MEM-042-21

The Office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson seeks a legislative director.
Responsibilities will include advancing legislative priorities and supporting the
member’s work on the Education and Labor and Transportation and
Infrastructure committees.
The ideal candidate will have substantial experience working on a variety of
issues, including education, health, employment, labor, transportation,
Page 9 of 10

appropriations, housing, and other issues affecting majority-minority
communities. Strong academic credentials, committee experience, and proven
leadership skills are required. Moreover, the candidate should possess strong oral
and written communication skills, the ability to work well under pressure,
extensive knowledge of the legislative process, and be available to work long
hours.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill experience
and proven knowledge of legislative and political processes will be considered.
Law degree and previous experience serving as a legislative director or senior
policy staff are strongly preferred.
Minorities and candidates with Florida ties are encouraged to apply. Submit your
resume, cover letter, and three writing samples
to FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Director” in the
subject line.

Page 10 of 10

