________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 20, 2023

MEM-175-23

The Ofﬁce of Congresswoman Angie Craig seeks an organized and motivated
self-starter to serve as Scheduler.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
● Managing the member’s daily and long-term schedule for her time in
Washington, DC and Minnesota
● Organizing and tracking invitations and meeting requests
● Coordinating travel for the member and staff
● Compiling daily brieﬁng materials
● Working closely with the Staff Assistant to provide administrative support to
the member and the team
● Transporting the member as needed
● Additional duties as assigned
Ideal candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills,
meticulous attention to detail, strong time management skills, good judgment,
and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Nights and weekends may be
required, especially during legislative sessions. A valid driver’s license and good
driving record are required.
This position is located in the Washington, DC ofﬁce and reports directly to the
Chief of Staff. Previous Capitol Hill experience or Minnesota ties are a plus.
The salary range for this position is $60,000 - $70,000.
Page 1 of 25

This ofﬁce is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse
backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis. To apply please submit your
resume and a cover letter to Repcraigresumebank@gmail.com with your name
and “Scheduler Application” in the subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls
please.
MEM-170-23

Background:
REP SHONTEL M. BROWN of OH-11 has an immediate need to hire an
experienced Casework Manager/Field Liaison in a full-time capacity.
Job Expectations:
The Casework Manager/Field Liaison (CMFL) will manage all casework,
outreach, and constituent engagement operations and supervise all caseworkers.
In addition, the CMFL is responsible for handling an individual caseload,
ensuring outstanding constituent services, and developing innovative and
effective outreach and public engagement strategies. The CMFL will be
responsible for maintaining excellent relationships with key federal, state, and
local agencies and stakeholders within a policy portfolio to be determined. The
CMFL will collaborate regularly with the Press Secretary, designated legislative
staff, and other relevant staff regarding district-focused policy priorities. Nontraditional work hours occur often including evening and weekends as needed.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified candidates will excel in the
following areas:
•Creativity and Innovation: able to proactively seek creative solutions to pressing
problems and help develop effective visual and written products to communicate
those solutions to constituents
•Project Management: able to balance short- and long-term priorities, work
collaboratively with colleagues and external stakeholders, and anticipate possible
obstacles to success
•Stakeholder Management: able to build relationships with diverse stakeholders
and find opportunities to collaborate
Job Duties:
•Serves as a lead organizer and/or as a representative for the Congresswoman at
events in the district as determined by the District Director
•Ensures outreach efforts align with the Congresswoman's strategic vision and
goals
•Collaborates closely with the District Director and designated D.C. staff to
ensure district priorities are reflected in legislative priorities
•Monitors and updates the District Director on casework trends
•Builds and maintains relationships with constituents and key community leaders
and stakeholders
Page 2 of 25

•Serves as a liaison with federal government agencies for individual constituent
concerns
•Handles individual casework portfolio
•Engages in conduct and activities that reinforce the positive impact of the
Congressional office on the community
•Performs other duties as needed
Requirements:
•Bachelor's degree
•Ability to help build, manage, and support strong goal-oriented teams
•Ability to navigate and advise others through challenging situations
•3-5 years of constituent service experience and/or experience leading outreach or
engagement efforts
•Experience building and maintaining constituent and/or customer relationships
•Able to maintain composure and professionalism in every interaction with
constituents
•Strong problem-solving and decision-making skills
•Ability to manage competing priorities in high-stress environments
•Strong organizational skills
•Ability to navigate nuanced and complex issues/situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking
•Proven experience handling sensitive information and maintaining
confidentiality
Preferences:
•Experience in agency related casework
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Knowledge of the district
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume and
writing sample to Ohio11resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject "CMFL: Last
Name, First Name". Incomplete applications will not be considered.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-169-23

Background:
REP SHONTEL M. BROWN of OH-11 has an immediate need to hire an
experienced Grants Coordinator/Field Liaison (GCFL) in a full-time capacity.
Job Expectations:

Page 3 of 25

The Grants Coordinator/Field Liaison (GCFL) will serve as a liaison to federal
government agencies on behalf of the Congresswoman's constituents. The GCFL
will handle the federal grant portfolio and assigned casework. They will also
organize and participate in district outreach activities and workshops. The GCFL
will also collaborate regularly with the District Director, Caseworkers/Field
Representatives, and Director of Operations. Non-traditional work hours occur
often including evening and weekends as needed.
Job Duties:
•Serves as a liaison with federal government agencies for constituents,
government entities, community organizations, nonprofits, and other grant
applicants
•Researches and identifies federal grant opportunities
•Develops and maintains master files on grants as well as paperwork related to
grant announcements for dissemination to constituents
•Monitors grant announcements and updates the District Director of new grant
trends
•Creates and maintains a federal grant newsletter/guide for constituents
•Collaborates with the appropriate staff members on grant award announcements,
newsletters, and media strategy
•Handles an individual casework portfolio
•Engages in conduct and activities that reinforce the positive impact of the
Congressional office on the community
Requirements:
•Bachelor's degree
•Experience building and maintaining constituent and/or customer relationships
•Strong written and verbal communication, including public speaking skills
•Ability to navigate nuanced and complex issues/situations
•Ability to effectively manage competing priorities in high-stress environments
•Proven experience handling sensitive information and maintaining
confidentiality
•Strong organizational and decision-making skills
Preferences:
•Advanced degree or comparable experience
•Previous grant writing and research experience
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Knowledge of the district
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume and
writing sample to Ohiollresumes@mail.house.gov with the subject "Grant

Page 4 of 25

Coordinator/Field Representative: Last Name, First Name". Incomplete
applications will not be considered.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-168-23

Background:
REP SHONTEL M. BROWN of OH-11 has an immediate need to hire an
experienced Caseworker/Field Representative (CWFR) in a part-time capacity
on the west side of Cleveland.
Job Expectations:
The Caseworker plays a key role by serving as a liaison to the federal government
on behalf of the Congresswoman's constituents. The Caseworker will manage a
portfolio of issue areas and work collaboratively with the District Director,
Director of Operations, and other Field Representatives to deliver exceptional
service to constituents. As Field Representative, they will act as a liaison with
federal, district, and local agencies for the Congresswoman and constituents. The
Field Representative will also be responsible for serving as the Congresswoman's
community representative for issues and programs.
Job Duties:
•Serves as a liaison with federal government agencies for individual constituent
concerns
•Handles individual casework portfolio
•Monitors and updates the District Director on casework trends
•Maintains accurate and complete files on all assigned casework matters
•Ensures outreach efforts align with the Congresswoman's strategic vision and
goals
•Builds and maintains relationships with constituents and key community leaders
and stakeholders
•Engages in conduct and activities that reinforce the positive impact of the
Congressional office on the community
•Serves as a lead organizer and/or as a representative for the Congresswoman at
events in the district as determined by the District Director
•Coordinates closely with the District Director and D.C. staff to ensure district
priorities are reflective in legislative priorities
•Informs the Casework Manager and District Director on up-and-coming issues in
the district
•Performs other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Bachelor's degree
•Experience developing and maintaining community leaders and constituent
Page 5 of 25

relationships
•Able to maintain composure and professionalism in every interaction with
constituents
•Strong problem-solving and decision-making skills
•Strong organization skills
•Ability to manage competing priorities in high stress environments
•Deep commitment to improving constituents' lives
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking
•Proven experience handling sensitive information and maintaining
confidentiality
Preferences:
•Experience in agency related to casework
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Knowledge of the district
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume and
writing sample to Ohiollresumes@mail.house.gov with the subject PT
Caseworker/Field Representative: Last Name, First Name". Incomplete
applications will not be considered.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-167-23

Background:
REP SHONTEL M. BROWN of OH-11 has an immediate need to hire an
experienced Staff Assistant in a part-time capacity on the west side of Cleveland.
Job Expectations:
The Staff Assistant will be expected to manage the front desk during office hours,
support the district office staff with administrative office needs, and assist the
D.C. office staff with work as assigned. Staff Assistants often provide the first
impression of the office to constituents. The experiences gained in the Staff
Assistant role provide a solid foundation to advance into positions of increasing
responsibility.
Job Duties:
•Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the office to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs
•Handles incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness
•Captures input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office's
Page 6 of 25

consideration and response
•Supervise and provide expectations and feedback for office interns
•Works closely with the Congresswoman's Executive Assistant to ensure
appointments are on time as needed
•Ensures constituent casework messages are received to the appropriate district
staff in an efficient and effective manner
•Complete resolutions and coordinate delivery based on individual needs
•Manage incoming and outgoing mail
•Additional duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Bachelor's degree
•Effective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the office required
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
required
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
required
•Attention to detail
•Willingness to learn
Preferences:
•Ties to the district are strongly preferred
•Prior constituent service or customer relationship management
•A demonstrated interest in public service
•Knowledge of the district
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume and
writing sample to Ohiollresumes@mail.house.gov with the subject PT Staff
Assistant: Last Name, First Name".
Incomplete applications will not be considered.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-164-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks an Investigative Support Analyst, with 2-8 years experience.

Page 7 of 25

The Investigative Support Analyst will be responsible for the analysis and
support of sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible violations of federal law
and ethical standards of conduct by current Members, Officers and Staff of the
House of Representatives, as well as other administrative functions.
The OCE is seeking candidates interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics
and transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Support
Analyst would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and
would be eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person
core days and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
• Assume primary responsibility for managing documentary evidence submitted
to the OCE in the course of its investigations and managing office e-Discovery
platform;
• Perform legal and other research and analysis to support OCE investigations;
and
• Support OCE investigative staff and administrative operations as required.
Qualifications:
• Two years of analyst, legal support, or other investigative experience;
• Strong research skills;
• Strong organizational skills;
• Strong writing and oral presentation ability;
• Ability to:
• work independently or as part of an investigative team;
• manage multiple tasks and projects; and
• work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and exercise discretion and
independent judgment.
• Desirable but not required:
• Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
• Experience with eDiscovery or litigation support platforms (eg. Casepoint);
• Experience drafting and reviewing legal documents, preparing exhibits, or other
published materials;
• Experience with investigations involving public officials;
• Experience with record or document management;
• Experiencing maintaining or updating websites and other internet-based
platforms;
• Knowledge of current information technology tools related to investigations;
• Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
• Experience conducting interviews or depositions; and
• Experience writing reports or legal documents
Duties:
• Gather publicly available information/records related to potential new matters
and/or ongoing matters;
Page 8 of 25

• Conduct ongoing research and case development projects;
• Work with investigative staff on cases to support investigations;
• Assist attorney’s in reviewing documentary evidence;
• Assist in reviewing reports, correspondence, and transcripts for errors and
redactions;
• Participate in reviewing attorney’s written work product;
• Database management to include:
• Import/export evidence to e-discovery platform for internal review purposes and
for transmittal;
• Support incorporation of evidence in reports and exhibits; and
• Oversee maintenance of evidentiary records.
• Prepare exhibits for final reports;
• Case file maintenance;
• Supporting administrative functions directly related to investigations and serve
as backup for other administrative functions as needed; and
• Other duties as required.
Requirements:
• Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret
clearance; and
• Bachelor’s degree.
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter and resume (electronic submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-163-23

Staff Assistant/Scheduler Opening – Western New York Democrat seeks
motivated, organized, and detail-oriented Staff Assistant/Scheduler to serve in his
Washington, D.C. office.
Staff Assistant responsibilities include managing the front office, greeting
visitors, assisting in running the office internship program, processing tour and
flag requests, receiving and organizing mail and phone calls, managing
reimbursements and vouchers, providing administrative support to the office, and
other duties as assigned.
Scheduling responsibilities include managing constituent meeting requests and
the Member’s weekly schedule in DC, coordinating travel and logistical details

Page 9 of 25

for trips back to the District, coordinating with DC and District staff to ensure a
smooth weekly operation, and other duties as assigned.
The position requires strong written and oral communication skills along with the
ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team environment. New York ties
are welcome. Prior Congressional experience is preferred. Access to a personal
car is a plus, as the job may also entail some driving of the Member. Please
submit resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to ny26.jobs@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant/Scheduler” in the subject line.
Please send all materials in one PDF document. No calls or drop-ins, please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-162-23

Rep. Raul Ruiz, M.D., the Ranking Member of the House Select Subcommittee
on the Coronavirus Pandemic, is seeking a Counsel or Professional Staff
Member to join the Democratic staff of the Select Subcommittee.
Responsibilities include drafting letters, negotiating with counsel, preparing for
depositions and transcribed interviews, drafting reports and memoranda, and
preparing for congressional hearings. Candidates must have superior attention to
detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and enjoy collaborative work
environments. Prior experience in congressional oversight and direct
investigations is strongly preferred, as is a demonstrated interest in public health,
economics, and/or international affairs.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Counsel” or “Professional Staff Member” in the subject line. Please attach
the resume and cover letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.

MEM-161-23

Senior Democratic Midwest Appropriator seeks a DC-based scheduler/office
manager to coordinate the Representative’s schedule and manage the DC
office’s overall operating procedures.

Page 10 of 25

Candidates must have exceptional organizational skills, high attention to detail,
ability to manage competing demands and deadlines, and a clean driving record.
Candidates must handle conflicting requests, anticipate the Member’s needs, and
exercise sound judgement when scheduling meetings, events, and travel. Hill and
scheduling experience are strongly preferred. Ohio ties preferred but not required.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Maintaining and managing the Member’s daily and long-term schedule while
coordinating with District staff.
•Responding to all incoming meeting and scheduling requests.
•Organizing travel and booking flights for Member and staff.
• Communicating scheduling changes to the Member, staff, and outside
stakeholders.
•Oversee and manage the Staff Assistant, Internship Program, and ensure
Member and staff needs are met.
•Provide operational support to the office, including time-off requests, office
supply needs, tech management, and other duties, to ensure staff are supported.
•Work closely with Chief of Staff and Financial Admin to ensure compliance
with annual budget.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter
to Steve.Katich@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Scheduler – LAST
NAME, FIRST NAME.” The office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
MEM-160-23

Constituent Advocate: The Office of U.S. Representative Chrissy Houlahan,
PA-06 is seeking a customer service oriented, high performing individual to serve
as a Constituent Advocate in our satellite office in Reading, Pennsylvania.
As a Constituent Advocate for a congressional district office, you will be a liaison
between constituents and federal government agencies. You will respond to
constituent requests for assistance – from individuals, businesses, and nonprofits
– and resolve casework issues through inquiries, facilitation, and problem
solving.
You will represent the Congresswoman in meetings and at events in the district
while building and maintaining productive, supportive working relationships with
local government, business groups, non-profit, and other stakeholder groups
within our community of PA-06. Constituent Advocates also identify local
problems that can be solved by federal action and are knowledgeable of the
impact of proposed and enacted federal legislation on stakeholders in our
community.
The right candidate will serve as a critical part of a close-knit team. Applicants
should have an enthusiastic interest in public service, superior attention to detail,
Page 11 of 25

and motivated to serve our community. Excellent written and oral communication
skills are essential in English and Spanish, as well as the ability to manage
multiple tasks, deadlines, and work well under pressure. Job responsibilities
include outreach to relevant stakeholder groups in our community and successful
candidates must have their own reliable transportation. Optimistic demeanor and
a good sense of humor are a must. Connections to Pennsylvania and the 6th
district are advantageous.
Our office hours are 9:00am – 5:00 pm Monday through Friday. Our district staff
alternates days in the office and days in a work-from-home/outreach schedule.
You must be able to attend work duties on some evenings and weekends for
events as needed. Starting annual salary is $58,000. Medical benefits, savings and
investment planning, tuition loan reimbursement, and 20 days paid leave are
available as benefits for full-time staff members. Additionally, as Rep. Houlahan
believes in actively giving back to our community, each staff member is allocated
5 additional days of paid leave for volunteer work.
Please submit resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to PA06HoulahanJobs@gmail.com and indicate “CONSTITUENT
ADVOCATE: (your last name)” in the subject line. No walk-ins or drop-bys,
please. This position will report to the District Director and begin on April 24,
2023.
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and
minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-158-23

LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR – Congressman Jake Auchincloss (MA-04),
member of the House Transportation & Infrastructure Committee and the House
Select Committee on Strategic Competition between the U.S. and the Chinese
Communist Party, is seeking an experienced Legislative Director to coordinate
and oversee the Member’s legislative agenda, along with advising the Member on
legislative activities and managing the legislative staff.
Ideal candidate will have at least 5 years of legislative experience on the Hill.
Candidate should possess a strong understanding of the legislative process,
including House organization and procedures, as well as managerial experience.
Applicant must also demonstrate an ability to manage and mentor staff, think
strategically, and have experience in formulating strategic plans for advancing
legislation. Prior experience with healthcare policy or the Transportation &
Infrastructure Committee would be a valuable asset.

Page 12 of 25

Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. A sense of
humor is greatly appreciated.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with “LD – First Name Last Name” in the
Subject Line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. No phone calls,
faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status, or
any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
MEM-156-23

The Office of Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-32) is seeking to fill a job
opening for a caseworker position in the (Sherman Oaks) district office.
Caseworker responsibilities include:
·Interact with constituents via phone, email and in-office meetings;
·Assist senior staff with administrative responsibilities;
·Input, file and review constituent inquiries;
·Contact federal agencies on behalf of constituents
Applicant should be organized, professional, highly motivated and must possess
strong writing, typing and interpersonal skills. Must be able to work in a fastpaced environment and meet deadlines. Proficiency with Microsoft Office and
database software preferred.
Position is entry-level, but past experience in a social work or government field is
preferred. Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college
or university with a bachelor's degree.
Salary starts at $45,000 annually, with additional considerations made for
relevant experience. We offer a generous student loan reimbursement package.
Please submit cover letter and resume attn: Scott Abrams
to scott.abrams@mail.house.gov
No calls please.

MEM-154-23

Congresswoman Emilia Strong Sykes (OH-13) is seeking a full-time Staff
Assistant/Scheduler in her Akron, Ohio office.
This position will work closely with and report to the Director of Outreach in
support of the Congresswoman’s community engagement logistics and front
office management. Primary responsibilities include answering phones, greeting
Page 13 of 25

office guests, conducting research, engaging in constituent correspondence,
community outreach, and assisting with special projects. This position will also
maintain the Member’s official daily schedule, travel plans, and related records
while in Ohio.
Responsibilities include tracking, evaluating, and responding to local invitations
and scheduling requests, while maintaining close contact with the Member, DC
staff, and District staff. Qualified candidates are highly motivated, wellorganized, detail-oriented, and able to work in a fast-paced environment. This
individual must have excellent interpersonal skills, organization, and should
enjoy working as part of a team.
The Office of Congresswoman Sykes is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status),
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and a cover
letter to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: “Full
Name – Staff Assistant/Scheduler.”
MEM-153-23

Congresswoman Emilia Strong Sykes (OH-13) is seeking a full-time Field
Representative in her Akron, Ohio office to engage across Summit and Portage
Counties.
This position will work closely with and report to the Director of Outreach in
support of the Congresswoman’s community engagement efforts. Primary
responsibilities include regular engagement with constituents; acting as a liaison
with Federal, State, and local agencies and organizations; staffing the
Congresswoman and attending community events; building relationships with a
range of stakeholders throughout the district; and handling administrative tasks as
assigned. Duties require travel throughout Summit and Portage Counties,
including occasional meetings and events during evenings and weekends.
This position requires excellence in community relations and engagement.
Qualified candidates are highly motivated, detail-oriented, able to work in a fastpaced environment, have excellent interpersonal skills, and enjoy working as part
of a team. Applicants are able to build and maintain relationships with a broad
swath of stakeholders, can effectively manage competing demands, and are
politically astute. Deep knowledge of the Congressional district is expected; this
is not an entry-level position.
The Office of Congresswoman Sykes is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status),
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.

Page 14 of 25

Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and a cover letter
to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Field Representative.”
MEM-152-23

Congresswoman Emilia Strong Sykes (OH-13) is seeking a full-time Constituent
Advocate/Grant Coordinator in her Akron, Ohio office.
This position will work closely with and report to the Director of Constituent
Services in support of the Congresswoman’s community engagement efforts.
Primary responsibilities include regular engagement with constituents; answering
casework correspondence and communications; acting as a liaison with Federal,
State, and local agencies; communicating grant opportunities to local
stakeholders and drafting letters of support; preparing correspondence to agency
contacts and constituents; building relationships with a range of constituents and
stakeholders throughout the district; and handling administrative tasks as
assigned.
This position requires excellence in constituent relations, service delivery, and
community engagement. Qualified candidates are highly motivated, detailoriented, able to work in a fast-paced environment, have excellent interpersonal
skills, are able to manage competing demands, and enjoy working as part of a
team. Previous advocacy and casework experience is preferred; this is not an
entry-level position.
The Office of Congresswoman Sykes is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status),
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and a cover letter
to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Constituent Advocate/Grant Coordinator.”

MEM-151-23

Democratic Member seeking a Staff Assistant to join his Washington, DC office
Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized, and
professional individual to serve in the role of Staff Assistant.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, possess excellent
communication and time-management skills, the ability to exercise sound,
independent judgment, and the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with
others.
Additional daily tasks include answering phones, processing mail, assisting with
constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, and other administrative
duties supporting the Member and staff as needed.

Page 15 of 25

To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter
to staffassistant2023@yahoo.com. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
MEM-148-23

Congressman Dan Kildee seeks a full-time press secretary in Washington, D.C.
The press secretary will manage communications in a fast-paced congressional
office for a member of House Democratic leadership in a competitive district.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging and include responding to daily media
inquiries, building relationships with national, state and local reporters, pitching
and booking frequent national cable interviews, writing press releases, statements
and media advisories, creating and managing social media content, including
graphics and videos, drafting speeches, talking points and op-eds, and creating
franked communications, including mailers and telephone townhalls. The press
secretary will also be responsible for managing a full-time press assistant and
press interns.
Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills, a selfstarting personality, a desire to continually learn in political communications,
ability to work in a fast-pace congressional office under tight press deadlines, and
an eagerness to work in a collaborative office environment. This is not an entrylevel position. Michigan ties and Adobe Creative Suite skills preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to kildeejobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-145-23

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas), Ranking Member of the Ways & Means
Health Subcommittee and Executive Board member of the Congressional
Progressive Caucus, seeks an experienced Communications Director for his
Washington office.
This is not an entry level position. Excellent written and oral communication
skills required. Hill experience strongly preferred. Texas ties a plus.
Send cover letter, resume, brief writing sample, and three work supervisor
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Please use this title on your email:
“Comms Director Applicant” -- No drop-ins please.

MEM-141-23

Bilingual Press Secretary
The Office of Rep. Ruben Gallego (AZ-03) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated bilingual (English/Spanish) communicator with strong writing skills
and the ability to establish a strong rapport with the press.
Qualified candidates will be responsible for ensuring that the objectives and
achievements of the Congressman are communicated effectively utilizing print,
digital, and social media. This position is based in Phoenix, Arizona and will
Page 16 of 25

work closely with the Communications Director.
Responsibilities include: Fielding and responding to media inquiries; drafting and
editing press releases for distribution; writing and editing talking
points/speeches/scripts; planning and creating social media content; staffing at
media events, and assist with other duties as assigned.
Occasional weekend work is required. Candidates must have outstanding writing
and communication skills, possess prior media and digital experience if possible,
and be willing to collaborate with various departments to accomplish objectives
while juggling multiple deadlines and projects.
To apply, please send your resume and a cover letter
to: ResumesAZ03@mail.house.gov
MEM-139-23

The House Committee on Homeland Security Republican Staff is hiring for a
Professional Staff Member position supporting the Director of Investigations
and the Subcommittee on Oversight, Investigations, and Accountability.
The ideal candidate will have a strong interest in investigations and homeland
security issues.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staffing Subcommittee and some
Full Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and some Full
Committee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as well as with
outside organizations, transcribed interviews, reviewing document productions,
research, and interacting with various congressional committee and personal
offices.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, attention to detail, desire to learn
how to conduct congressional oversight and investigations, be self-motivated,
work well under pressure, and possess strong research, written, and oral
communication skills. The ability to work both independently and as part of a
team are critical.
Prior Hill experience preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to Resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov with the subject line “<Applicant First and
Last Name> - OIA PSM.”

MEM-138-23

The House Committee on Homeland Security Republican Staff is hiring for a
Counsel position supporting the Director of Investigations and the Subcommittee
on Oversight, Investigations, and Accountability.

Page 17 of 25

The ideal candidate will have at least three years of experience with a background
or strong interest in investigations. Experience in homeland security issues is a
plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staffing Subcommittee and some
Full Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and some Full
Committee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as well as with
outside organizations, depositions/ transcribed interviews, reviewing document
productions, research, managing external sources of information, and interacting
with various congressional committee and personal offices.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, superior attention to detail, be selfmotivated, work well under pressure, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills. The ability to work both independently and as part of a
team are critical. JD required. Prior Hill experience preferred.
Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter
to Resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov with the subject line “<Applicant First and
Last Name> - OIA Counsel.”
MEM-137-23

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Oversight and Investigations
Subcommittee is seeking a mid- or senior-level Counsel to work on oversight
issues related to the Committee’s broad jurisdiction for the Committee’s
Democratic staff. Prior familiarity working for or with Congress and area(s) of
expertise under the Committee’s jurisdiction—including environment, energy,
health, telecommunications, or consumer protection—is required.
Responsibilities include staffing congressional hearings; assisting in the
management of investigations of governmental and non-governmental entities;
conducting research, document review, and analysis; aiding in the drafting of
official letters, memoranda, and investigative reports; and helping to coordinate
with other subcommittees of the full Committee.
The successful candidate will be a detail-oriented and proactive self-starter with
strong communication and writing skills. A minimum of five years of work
experience is required. A J.D. is required, and experience within the areas of the
Committee’s jurisdiction may be equally relevant. Salary is commensurate with
experience.
People of color, veterans, women, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.

Page 18 of 25

To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C OI Professional
Staff/Counsel.”
MEM-129-23

Rep. Judy Chu (CA-28) seeks Scheduler for fast-paced Washington, D.C. office.
This individual will be responsible for the Member’s daily and long-term
schedule in D.C. and work in close coordination with the district scheduler.
Specific responsibilities will include managing invitations and scheduling
requests, travel and logistical details, acting as a liaison to constituent groups,
handling the member’s correspondence, and various additional administrative
duties.
This individual must be a good writer, politically savvy, able to multi-task,
meticulously organized, and able to quickly solve problems in a fast-paced work
environment. Candidate should be comfortable dealing with a wide variety of
people and stakeholders. Previous Capitol Hill scheduling or other scheduling
experience is preferred. A good sense of humor is a must.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Consistent with applicable law,
this office requires all staff and interns to complete a full SARS-CoV2
vaccination course, regardless of recovery from prior coronavirus illness, as a
condition of employment.
To apply, please email cover letter and résumé in one PDF document
to ca28.jobs@gmail.com. Please include Scheduler in the subject line. No phone
calls or drop-ins please!

MEM-128-23

Congressman Joe Courtney (CT-02) seeks a Communications Director to
oversee an active and multifaceted media and communications program.
The Communications Director will be responsible for managing all media and
communications activities for the office, including planning and executing
strategies to generate earned media coverage and maximizing proactive
constituent communications.
Duties will include proactive press outreach, working with local, national, and
international media outlets, managing social media platforms, writing press
releases, op-eds, drafting weekly e-newsletters, and overseeing the Digital Media
Manager to maximize the impact of content throughout eastern Connecticut
through proactive constituent outreach and social media platforms. The
Communications Director will also be responsible for arranging all press
conferences, TV appearances, radio interviews, and local media opportunities.

Page 19 of 25

Candidates must possess excellent written and oral communications abilities.
This is not an entry-level position. Prior relevant communications experience
required, previous congressional experience preferred, and New England or
Connecticut ties are a plus. This position is based in the Washington, DC office.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and at least two
relevant writing samples to ct02job@mail.house.gov by March 22, 2023.
No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-127-23

The office of Rep. Ami Bera seeks a Minority Staff Director to serve on the
House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Indo-Pacific.
The role will support and implement the Ranking Member’s legislative and
foreign policy goals and liaise with foreign embassies and other stakeholders.
Responsibilities include drafting legislation; developing policy and
communications objectives; preparing the Ranking Member for hearings,
briefings, and other engagements through verbal and written briefings; managing
fellows and supporting personal office foreign policy team; serving as primary
policy support for Subcommittee Democratic Members and staff; and
coordinating with House Foreign Affairs Committee staff.
Applicants must have strong verbal and written communication skills and
relevant Asia policy experience. Ideal candidates will have a solid understanding
of the Hill, robust network in the foreign affairs and Asia policy community, and
a proven track record at achieving policy goals.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to jobs.ca06@gmail.com. Please no calls or drop-ins.

MEM-113-23

Rep. Raul Ruiz, M.D., the Ranking Member of the House Select Subcommittee
on the Coronavirus Pandemic, is seeking a Chief Counsel to join the Democratic
staff of the Select Subcommittee.
Responsibilities include overseeing investigations, depositions, and transcribed
interviews. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and enjoy collaborative work environments. Prior
experience in congressional oversight and direct investigations is strongly
preferred.
Women, LGBTQI+, and BIPOC candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 20 of 25

Please send a resume and cover letter as PDFs to SSCPJobs@mail.house.gov,
with “Chief Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter
with the file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume”
and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or dropins, please.
The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is authorized to
investigate a broad range of matters pertaining to the coronavirus pandemic under
H. Res. 5. The Select Subcommittee was established within the Committee on
Oversight and Accountability, which is the primary investigative committee of
the United States House of Representatives, with jurisdiction to investigate “any
matter” at “any time” under House Rule X.
MEM-108-23

Rep. Josh Gottheimer (NJ-5), Co-Chair of the Problem Solvers Caucus, member
of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and member of the
House Committee on Financial Services, seeks qualified candidates for the
position of Legislative Director to join his Washington, DC team.
Responsibilities include:
•Leading the development and implementation of the Member’s short-term and
long-term legislative priorities with the Member and Chief of Staff;
•Monitoring and managing activity on the House Floor, and working with the
legislative team to develop vote recommendations;
•Managing the legislative team and overseeing their day-to-day progress;
•Developing and reviewing memos, remarks, committee materials, and other
briefing materials for the Member on related topics;
•Working closely with the Chief of Staff and the communications team on
messaging legislative issues;
•Managing a portfolio of senior legislative projects, especially around major
legislative negotiations around the Member’s work with the Problem Solvers
Caucus;
•Working closely with bi-partisan Member staff in the House and Senate.
Ideal candidates will have:
•A Bachelor’s degree or related job experience;
•3-5 years of legislative experience in a Congressional office or legislative
environment;
•Knowledge of the legislative process and procedures;
•Excellent attention to detail and strong organizational skills;
•Sound judgment;
•Strong communication skills;
•Capacity to communicate with a wide variety of personalities in a tactful,
courteous, and professional manner;
•Willingness to accept direction and guidance on performance and process
improvements from the Member and the Chief of Staff;
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment;
Page 21 of 25

•The ability to work flexible hours including long hours, nights, and weekends;
•The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions.
This is not an entry-level position. This position reports to the Chief of Staff.
Consistent with applicable law, the Office requires all staff to be fully vaccinated
against COVID-19 as a term and condition of employment unless a medical or
religious exemption is approved.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with
“Legislative Director - Last Name” as the subject line
to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-105-23

Press Assistant, House Committee on Agriculture Republicans
The House Committee on Agriculture is seeking a detail-oriented and enthusiastic
press assistant to join the communications shop.
The ideal candidate will have strong writing skills and work well in a rapidresponse environment.
General knowledge of agriculture is a bonus but not required. While day-to-day
responsibilities may vary, the press assistant can expect to perform the following
duties with regularity:
•Assist the communications director with drafting speeches, talking points, opeds, blogs, press releases, etc.
•Lead media tracking efforts by collecting press hits for the Committee and
member offices.
•Draft Committee newsletters in consultation with the communications director
and deputy communications director.
•Assist deputy communications director with member office requests during
hearings.
•Assist the communications director in handling press inquiries and background
conversations.

Page 22 of 25

Requirements
•Minimum 1-2 years in Capitol Hill or political experience
•Strong writing and strategic thinking skills
•Attention to detail
•Able to manage varying priorities and balance multiple deadlines
•A good attitude
Interested candidates should send their résumé and two writing samples
to houseaggop@gmail.com.
MEM-102-23

Conservative Congressman seeks a Legislative Correspondent for the
Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include drafting grant letters of support, constituent letters,
sorting and batching mail, and assisting the legislative staff with various projects.
Applicants should possess strong conservative credentials, effective writing and
research skills, attention to detail, and the ability to manage multiple tasks at
once. Position also includes a potential opportunity to manage a small legislative
portfolio. Previous Capitol Hill experience preferred.
To apply, send resume and cover letter to gopwesternjobs1776@gmail.com

MEM-101-23

Bay Area Democrat seeks a highly organized and dedicated scheduler for
Washington DC office. Scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's daily
and long-term schedule in DC and in the district. This individual will work
closely with the member, DC and district staff.
This person should be well-organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and able to
work effectively in a fast-paced office.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
invitations and scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the member; and
managing operational and logistical support for the office.
This is not an entry-level position. The ideal candidate should have prior
scheduling experience on the Hill or comparable work environment. Women,
LGBTQ+, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply, as well as candidates with California ties.
Please submit your resume, cover letter and two references
to CAHouseJob@mail.house.gov and include “Scheduler” in the subject line.

MEM-100-23

Congresswoman Emilia Strong Sykes (OH-13) is seeking a Legislative Assistant
to primarily manage her work on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee.

Page 23 of 25

Qualified candidates are highly motivated, detail-oriented, able to manage
competing demands, and enjoy working as part of a team.
This position will work closely with and report to the Legislative Director to
advance the Congresswoman’s legislative priorities. In addition to staffing the
Congresswoman on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, the
Legislative Assistant will also manage a broad portfolio including agriculture,
education, energy and environment, healthcare, judiciary, and labor, among
others.
The ideal candidate will be creative, able to staff and brief the Congresswoman
for Committee work, an excellent writer, able to build and maintain relationships
with a broad swath of stakeholders, and politically astute.
This is a full-time position. The Office of Congresswoman Sykes is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex
(including marital or parental status), color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and a cover letter
to JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: “Full Name –
SST Legislative Assistant.” Capitol Hill legislative experience is required; this is
not an entry-level position.
MEM-024-23

The Freshman Democrat from Hawai‘i is seeking a Scheduler with strong
judgment, communication skills, and attention to detail to build and oversee all
aspects of scheduling operations for the Member.
This position requires consistent and effective collaboration with all components
of the Member’s office. The Scheduler will work directly with the Chief of Staff,
District Chief, and other senior staff.
Primary duties include, but are not limited to:
•Building the Member’s daily and long-term schedule for DC and the district and
managing this system;
•Responding to all incoming scheduling requests;
•Booking and coordinating travel back to Hawai‘i and within Hawai‘i;
•Ensuring the Member, staff, and external stakeholders have key information
about the schedule;
•Compiling daily briefing materials for the Member and coordinating the
collection of information from staff and other sources;
•Supporting the team with special events and ad hoc projects; and
•Other duties as assigned.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual
Page 24 of 25

orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse backgrounds, especially
with ties to Hawai‘i, are encouraged to apply. Being able to serve as a secondary
driver when needed is preferred, but not required.
Salary will be commensurate with experience.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and references
to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

Page 25 of 25

