House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 10, 2020

MEM-221-20

Rocky Mountain Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant to assist both the
Washington D.C. and District Office. Currently both offices are in a state of
full time telework. Primary duties will include managing the incoming calls to
both offices phone systems, assisting with District Office with constituent
casework intake, and assisting the Washington D.C. office with legislative
work.
While physical presence in the Washington D.C. area is not immediately
required, applicants must be prepared to relocate within 90 days of hire to be
prepared to work out of the Washington D.C. office at such time as the
COVID-19 pandemic allows for a return to our physical office space.
At such time as the COVID-19 pandemic allows, this individual will fulfil the
role of the Staff Assistant in the Washington D.C. office. Those
responsibilities will include staffing and managing the front office, answering
the phone, greeting visitors, handling tour and flag requests, overseeing the
internship program, occasionally driving the Member to and from events
during regular office hours and afterhours, and providing additional office
support as needed.
Although this is an entry-level position, candidates should have excellent oral
Page 1 of 11

and written communication skills, great attention to detail, strong time
management skills, an ability to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines,
and a sense of humor. Capitol Hill experience and/or Western ties are
preferred, but not required. Proof of clean driving record is required.
Please send a resume and cover letter to:
RockyMountainDem@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.
MEM-219-20

New York Congressman is seeking an experienced press secretary to join his
DC office.
The press secretary is responsible for developing and executing a media
strategy, which includes writing press releases, talking points, and op-eds,
while also managing the Member's social media pages, web site, pitching
story ideas and working closely with reporters. Must have on-the-record
experience and strong writing skills. Candidates with NY ties a plus. This is
not an entry level position.
Please send resume and writing sample to ny03.resumes@gmail.com. Phone
calls and drop-ins not accepted.

MEM-217-20

Conservative Congressman seeks a Legislative Correspondent for the
Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include drafting constituent letters,
sorting and batching mail, and assisting the legislative staff with various
projects.
Applicants should possess strong conservative credentials, effective writing
and research skills, attention to detail, and the ability to manage multiple tasks
at once. Previous Capitol Hill experience preferred.
To apply, send resume and cover letter to goplc1776@gmail.com

MEM-212-20

Congressman Ted Lieu has an opening for a Staff Assistant in his Los
Angeles District Office. Primary responsibilities include answering phones,
maintaining the front office, assisting with various administrative and
legislative duties and aiding constituents with federal casework.
The Staff Assistant will greet constituents, ensures that constituent requests
for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member in a timely manner
and will assist district staff to ensure the proper execution of events and
programs in the district.
The successful applicant must have a positive attitude and the ability to work
and set priorities in a fast- paced and challenging environment. Strong writing

Page 2 of 11

and verbal communications skills are essential. A valid California Driver
License and automobile are required. Bilingual skills are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal benefits. Congressman Lieu’s primary
district office is located in West Los Angeles. This office is an Equal
Opportunity Employer.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples
no later than August 7, 2020 to:
NICOLAS RODRIQUEZ
District Director
Congressman Ted Lieu (CA-33) 1645 Corinth Avenue, Suite 101 Los
Angeles, CA 90025
Lieu.Staff@mail.house.gov
MEM-210-20

Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke is hiring a Communications Director to
work in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include communications planning and press strategy for D.C.
and the district; drafting press materials including: remarks, talking points,
newsletters, statements, press releases, and media advisories; pitching media
events; assisting with the management of the Congresswoman’s social media
accounts; interview preparation; and overseeing the office’s franked mail and
digital programs.
The ideal candidate is a strong writer, politically savvy, detail-oriented,
flexible, creative, and a self-starter.
Occasional travel to the district and non-traditional hours - including night
and weekend work - should be expected. Strong ties to New York press
preferred.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three writing
samples to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov and include “Communications
Director” in the subject line.

MEM-207-20

Representative Spanberger seeks a Staff Assistant for her district office in
Glen Allen, VA.
Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized,
detail-oriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal skills, and
ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates must demonstrate excellent “people skills,” most importantly
displaying compassion in all interactions, and a strong commitment to
providing outstanding constituent service.
Page 3 of 11

The ideal candidate should: be able to think on their feet, be a problem-solver,
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multi-task, demonstrate
excellent oral and written skills, maintain a positive demeanor, and
demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
Primary responsibilities include: managing the front office, including
answering, appropriately logging, and directing telephone calls; greeting
visitors; monitoring office deliveries; distributing hard and electronic mail;
and other administrative duties.
The Staff Assistant will also assist district staff with constituent casework;
constituent outreach; event scheduling, planning, and execution; among other
constituent service duties.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The
office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information,
disability, or uniformed service.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and a 1-page writing sample to
spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until August 4.
MEM-206-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire a Research
and Data Analyst.
In this capacity the Analyst will be responsible for leading data and research
collection and analysis for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion. This
individual will lead the development of the required diversity report, maintain
key metrics and key performance indicators for the Office, and serve as a
resource for external and internal diversity best practices.
This individual will also serve as the project manager for any consultants
and/or contractors with whom the Office may engage to support the
completion of the diversity report and to develop relevant diversity and
inclusion-based training, in collaboration with the Congressional Staff
Academy.
Key Responsibilities
• This staffer will assist in the translation of research findings into materials
that staff can effectively utilize in their engagements with Members and
Member offices.
• Provide research support on diversity and inclusion studies, techniques and
Page 4 of 11

tools.
• Serve as project manager for the diversity report and, where necessary,
direct and coordinate activities of external consultants.
• Research and study best practices for retention and growth in House
employing offices.
• Lead data tracking and reporting with a focus on performance and results.
• Prepare regular updates and briefing documents on research that is relevant
to House employing offices.
• Assist with the development and delivery of training sessions and, as
needed, conduct presentations at professional conferences and meetings.
Master’s degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field; or equivalent
level of experience providing technical assistance, data collections and/or
research.
• Must have knowledge and experience in diversity, equity, and inclusion
research efforts, ideally with a strong background in curriculum development.
Current working knowledge of coalition functioning, evaluation and research.
• Quantitative and qualitative evaluation and research skills.
• Expertise using relevant software.
• Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a
diverse team.
• Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on
assignment.
• Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
• Extensive computer skills, including data input.
Interested candidates should apply by following the instructions here:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/86?c=house
Candidates will be asked to upload a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-203-20

New York Democrat seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and
long term calendar in D.C., working with other team members to balance the
Member’s time between commitments, ensure the Member is provided with
briefing materials for each event and meeting, and performing other duties as
necessary.
Page 5 of 11

Responsibilities also include reviewing meeting requests, arranging travel
to/from Washington, DC, general administrative tasks and assisting on some
legislative issues. Capitol Hill and/or executive assistant experience for an
elected official preferred. New York ties are a plus.
The ideal candidate would be a self-starter, detail-oriented, able to juggle
multiple tasks at once, have excellent oral, written and interpersonal skills, be
a problem solver, and most importantly have a sense of humor. Position can
involve work at night and on weekends.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume to
ny03.resumes@gmail.com and list “Scheduler” in the subject.
MEM-200-20

North Bay Democratic Member of Congress seeks a motivated, organized,
and affable person to serve as a field representative/caseworker in the
Representative’s main district office.
This position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for the
Congressman and constituents and answers casework correspondence and
verbal communications with constituents.
Candidates must be comfortable working with the public, have excellent oral
and written communication skills, problem solving abilities, and have
completed a bachelor’s degree or equivalent. Work experience is preferred
and strong academic credentials are required.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a
liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
*Informs the Congressman and the District Director of all happenings in his
or her assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting
with constituents;
*Handles casework assignments;
*Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or
groups to form effective relationships for the Congressman;
*Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Scheduler;
*Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Congressman with constituents;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.

Page 6 of 11

EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
*Full-time experience preferred; strong academic credentials required;
extensive community relationships desired.
*Bilingual: English/ Spanish is preferred but not required
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong oral and written communication skills;
*Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
*Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman
is involved;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, procedures, and computer
applications.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment, but the Field
Representative will often need to attend and participate in meetings and
public functions out of the office including evenings and weekend events.
Noise levels are usually moderate; and
*Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
*Work is currently remote due to COVID-19
E-mail a resume and cover letter to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “CA02 Field Representative/Caseworker.”
MEM-199-20

The Democratic staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a Staff
Assistant.
Candidates should have excellent organizational skills and strong research,
writing, and communication skills. Responsibilities include overseeing
Committee hearing and markup logistics -- which often include being
physically present, serving as assistant clerk during markups, providing
administrative and research support to Chief of Staff and Staff Director/Chief
Counsel, coordinating Staff Director/Chief Counsel’s calendar and the
Committee calendar, co-managing the intern program, and managing
Committee administrative needs.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.

Page 7 of 11

The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and
include “Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
MEM-198-20

Rep. Katie Porter (CA-45) seeks a highly organized, detail-oriented, and
resourceful individual to serve as Staff Assistant in the DC office.
The applicant must be able to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced
environment and have strong interpersonal skills. This position part of the
legislative team.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answer incoming phone calls to log opinions, to connect staffers to outside
stakeholders, and to direct callers to appropriate resources
•Enter incoming constituent messages from mail and voicemail into the
database (IQ)
•Organize incoming digital messages in IQ into batches
•Draft form letters responding to constituent concerns
•Manage incoming student letters for the Congresswoman to reply to with
personalized responses
•Respond to constituent messages through phone calls, emails, or handwritten
notes as needed
•Assist legislative team with researching data and information
•Draft co-sponsor requests, meeting memos, talking points, and remarks for
the Congresswoman as needed by legislative team.
•Manage the office’s flag request program
•Coordinate with the district office to distribute books to schools through the
Library of Congress Surplus Books Program
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity
of our employees.
To apply, send a cover letter and resume; to ResumesCA45@mail.house.gov
with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-197-20

Rep. Katie Porter (CA-45) seeks a highly organized, detail-oriented, and
resourceful individual to serve as a Scheduler in the DC office.
The applicant must be able to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced
environment and possess strong interpersonal skills.

Page 8 of 11

The Scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and long-term
schedule in DC, coordinate the Member’s travel, serve as a staff liaison with
the Member, and assist with administrative office functions as assigned.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
•Adding approved events to the calendar to create balanced and prioritized
days
•Managing the Congresswoman’s calendar with relevant details and
information
•Coordinating with staff to ensure memos, talking points, and relevant
documents are provided for events and meetings
•Booking all travel arrangements for the Congresswoman
•Creating and sending daily tick tocks to give the collective team
Congresswoman’s next day schedule
•Compiling all documents into the nightly Book
•Tracking documents that need to be reviewed and approved by the
Congresswoman
•Managing incoming scheduling requests, collecting relevant info, and staff
input and then presenting to the Congresswoman for final decision
•Collecting and processing the Congresswoman’s expense reimbursements
•Making sure any office or equipment issues are resolved for the
Congresswoman
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity
of our employees.
To apply, send a cover letter and resume; to ResumesCA45@mail.house.gov
with “Scheduler” in the subject line.
MEM-194-20

The District Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark (MA-5) is
currently accepting applications for the position of Staff Assistant.
The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, processes mail,
assists with constituent casework, drafts correspondence, and performs other
administrative duties as needed. The Staff Assistant will also be responsible
for overseeing a robust internship program, including recruiting, interviewing,
hiring, and supervising interns.
This role requires impeccable judgment and the ability to prioritize myriad
tasks. The ideal candidate should be personable, organized, and detailoriented. Applicants must possess excellent verbal and written
communication skills and the ability to work cooperatively with others.

Page 9 of 11

This is a full-time position. Office staff are currently working remotely to
mitigate the spread of COVID-19.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ+ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Essential Job Functions:
•Manages the office intern program ensuring smooth front office operational
duties
•Works with constituent services representatives to ensure efficient casework
intake using the office’s internal database
•Assists persons who have appointments with the Member or other staff
Members and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the
Members’ appointments are on time
•Maintains literature regarding the district and House offices for distribution
to visitors
•Coordinates the filing and indexing of all correspondence
•Signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to the office to
appropriate staff members in a timely matter
•Provides orientation and training for new staff
•Supervises the reception desk, mail operations, and the administrative files
•Assumes responsibility for overall office appearance and layout
•Maintains the office answering machine or voice mail
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices
•Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls
relating to casework
•Performs other duties as assigned
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing
samples to Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov.
All materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill,
as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of
relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.

Page 10 of 11

Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing
statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references.
Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects.
A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 11 of 11

