House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 24, 2020

MEM-226-20

The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated
and hardworking communications professional to join fast-paced
communications team as a press assistant.
Responsibilities include drafting news releases, social media posts, op-eds
and talking points; designing graphics for both social media and web content;
monitoring social media for trending topics; maintaining and updating press
lists; and compiling daily press clips.
Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral communication
skills, a proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks
and sound political judgment.
Prior Hill or campaign communications experience, as well as professional
social media and digital experience (including graphic design and photo and
video editing), is preferred.
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
Page 1 of 6

Please no phone calls.
MEM-221-20

Rocky Mountain Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant to assist both the
Washington D.C. and District Office. Currently both offices are in a state of
full time telework.
Primary duties will include managing the incoming calls to both offices phone
systems, assisting with District Office with constituent casework intake, and
assisting the Washington D.C. office with legislative work.
While physical presence in the Washington D.C. area is not immediately
required, applicants must be prepared to relocate within 90 days of hire to be
prepared to work out of the Washington D.C. office at such time as the
COVID-19 pandemic allows for a return to our physical office space.
At such time as the COVID-19 pandemic allows, this individual will fulfill
the role of the Staff Assistant in the Washington D.C. office.
Those responsibilities will include staffing and managing the front office,
answering the phone, greeting visitors, handling tour and flag requests,
overseeing the internship program, occasionally driving the Member to and
from events during regular office hours and afterhours, and providing
additional office support as needed.
Although this is an entry-level position, candidates should have excellent oral
and written communication skills, great attention to detail, strong time
management skills, an ability to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines,
and a sense of humor.
Capitol Hill experience and/or Western ties are preferred, but not required.
Proof of clean driving record is required.
Please send a resume and cover letter to:
RockyMountainDem@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.

MEM-219-20

New York Congressman is seeking an experienced press secretary to join his
DC office.
The press secretary is responsible for developing and executing a media
strategy, which includes writing press releases, talking points, and op-eds,
while also managing the Member's social media pages, web site, pitching
story ideas and working closely with reporters.

Page 2 of 6

Must have on-the-record experience and strong writing skills. Candidates with
NY ties a plus.
This is not an entry level position.
Please send resume and writing sample to ny03.resumes@gmail.com. Phone
calls and drop-ins not accepted.
MEM-217-20

Conservative Congressman seeks a Legislative Correspondent for the
Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include drafting constituent letters,
sorting and batching mail, and assisting the legislative staff with various
projects.
Applicants should possess strong conservative credentials, effective writing
and research skills, attention to detail, and the ability to manage multiple tasks
at once. Previous Capitol Hill experience preferred.
To apply, send resume and cover letter to goplc1776@gmail.com

MEM-210-20

Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke is hiring a Communications Director to
work in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include communications planning and press strategy for D.C.
and the district; drafting press materials including: remarks, talking points,
newsletters, statements, press releases, and media advisories; pitching media
events; assisting with the management of the Congresswoman’s social media
accounts; interview preparation; and overseeing the office’s franked mail and
digital programs.
The ideal candidate is a strong writer, politically savvy, detail-oriented,
flexible, creative, and a self-starter.
Occasional travel to the district and non-traditional hours - including night
and weekend work - should be expected.
Strong ties to New York press preferred.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three writing
samples to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov and include “Communications
Director” in the subject line.

MEM-206-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire a Research
and Data Analyst.
In this capacity the Analyst will be responsible for leading data and research
collection and analysis for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion. This
Page 3 of 6

individual will lead the development of the required diversity report, maintain
key metrics and key performance indicators for the Office, and serve as a
resource for external and internal diversity best practices.
This individual will also serve as the project manager for any consultants
and/or contractors with whom the Office may engage to support the
completion of the diversity report and to develop relevant diversity and
inclusion-based training, in collaboration with the Congressional Staff
Academy.
Key Responsibilities
• This staffer will assist in the translation of research findings into materials
that staff can effectively utilize in their engagements with Members and
Member offices.
• Provide research support on diversity and inclusion studies, techniques and
tools.
• Serve as project manager for the diversity report and, where necessary,
direct and coordinate activities of external consultants.
• Research and study best practices for retention and growth in House
employing offices.
• Lead data tracking and reporting with a focus on performance and results.
• Prepare regular updates and briefing documents on research that is relevant
to House employing offices.
• Assist with the development and delivery of training sessions and, as
needed, conduct presentations at professional conferences and meetings.
Master’s degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field; or equivalent
level of experience providing technical assistance, data collections and/or
research.
• Must have knowledge and experience in diversity, equity, and inclusion
research efforts, ideally with a strong background in curriculum development.
Current working knowledge of coalition functioning, evaluation and research.
• Quantitative and qualitative evaluation and research skills.
• Expertise using relevant software.
• Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a
diverse team.
• Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on
assignment.
• Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
• Extensive computer skills, including data input.
Interested candidates should apply by following the instructions here:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/86?c=house
Candidates will be asked to upload a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples.
Page 4 of 6

Salary commensurate with experience.
Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-512-19

No phone calls or drop-ins please.
Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill,
as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of
relevant policy.
This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing
statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references.
Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line

MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects.
A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.

Page 5 of 6

Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 6 of 6

