________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 24, 2023

MEM-392-23

Rep. Jonathan L. Jackson/Legislative Assistant:
Legislative Assistant for Rep. Jonathan L. Jackson (D-IL-01)
Background:
The Office of U.S. Representative Jonathan L. Jackson (D-IL-01) has an
immediate need to hire an experienced full-time Legislative Assistant in the
Washington, D.C., office to assist with the Member’s House Committee on
Agriculture portfolio. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover
letter, a writing sample, a list of three references, and a resume by Friday, August
4, 2023. Once the application period closes, the office will contact the best
qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
Job Expectations:
The Legislative Assistant will work closely with the Deputy Chief of
Staff/Legislative Director and Chief of Staff to develop and execute a coordinated
legislative strategy for the Member. The Legislative Assistant will prepare the
Member for House Committee on Agriculture hearings and markups and attend
meetings with constituents, visitors, and other VIPs. Issue areas under the
Legislative Assistant’s portfolio include, but are not limited to, the Member’s
Agriculture Committee priorities.
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with Experience

Page 1 of 26

Job Duties:
•Works with the Deputy Chief of Staff/Legislative Director and Chief of Staff to
formulate and advance legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas
•Tracks legislation and coordinates co-sponsorship of bills for the Member
•Briefs the Member on bills before the House, provides advice on House
Committee on Agriculture activity, and assists the district office staff with
legislative matters that impact the local community
•Provides input to help the Communications Director to draft speeches, press
releases, op-eds, and Congressional Record statements for the Member
•Represents the Member at meetings with constituents and interest groups
•Provides district office staff with targeted information for community events and
Town Hall meetings
Requirements:
•Experience researching public policy and preparing recommendations for a
Member of Congress or other executives/leaders (e.g., Federal
department/agency, non-profit organization, private sector)
•Strong written and verbal communication skills
•Experience making decisions and advising Capitol Hill staff on important issues
•Comfortable navigating challenging situations and being politically savvy
•Prior experience with forming partnerships and advancing legislative priorities
for a Member of Congress
•Prioritization and time management skills, with the ability to manage multiple
projects at a time
•Knowledge of issues in portfolio
Preferences:
•Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in government, political science, public policy, or
related field
•2-5 years of Capitol Hill experience (this is not an entry-level position)
•A background in agriculture
•Strong written skills
•A demonstrated interest in public service
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, a writing
sample, a list of three references, and a resume by Friday, August 4, 2023, to
Autumn Ford at Autumn.Ford@mail.house.gov. Incomplete applications will not
be considered.
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-391-23

Deputy Chief Counsel, House Natural Resources Committee Democratic Staff
Page 2 of 26

The U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Natural Resources, Democratic
Staff, seeks qualified candidates for a Deputy Chief Counsel or Deputy
Parliamentarian to support the full Committee Chief Counsel.
Responsibilities
The primary responsibility of the position is to assist in advising the Ranking
Member and other Committee Democrats on the rules and the procedures of the
Committee and the House.
The position entails: legislative drafting; jurisdictional analysis; advising on
parliamentary procedure; acting as liaison to Republican staff, other
congressional committees and offices, and Executive agencies; and providing
general legal counsel to the Ranking Member and Democratic Staff.
Qualifications
A strong academic background and exceptional research and writing skills are
required. The ideal candidate has excellent discretion and judgment. The position
requires close attention to detail, strong organizational skills, and an aptness for
precision.
The following will be weighed positively but are not required: familiarity with
the legislative process and parliamentary procedure; legislative drafting
experience; Hill experience; law school and legal profession experience;
background in the substantive law in the Committee’s jurisdiction, including
Federal Indian Law, the National Environmental Policy Act, statutes governing
the conservation and development of public lands and waters, laws regarding
fisheries and wildlife, and laws relating to the U.S. territories and the Freely
Associated States.
The position is based in Washington, DC. The staffer must work in-office when
the House is in session and as needed. This office is an equal opportunity
employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender
identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, parental
status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by
applicable federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable
accommodation to participate in the application or hiring processes are
encouraged to request an accommodation at any time during those processes.
Compensation
Salary is commensurate with experience. The office offers benefits, including
competitive options for health, dental, vision, and life insurance; retirement
match; student loan repayment program; and transit/parking benefits.
Interested applicants should submit materials
to NRDems.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “HNRC Deputy
Chief Counsel” by COB Monday, August 21, 2023. Include a cover letter,
résumé, references, and two writing samples.
Page 3 of 26

This posting will be removed once the position has been filled.
MEM-390-23

JOB SUMMARY:
The Office of General Counsel (“OGC”), which provides legal advice and
representation to Members, committees, officers, and employees of the House on
matters related to their official duties without regard to political affiliation, is
accepting applications for the position of Assistant General Counsel.
Core responsibilities include: drafting district court pleadings and appellate
briefs; appearing in court in litigation matters in which the House or individual
Members, officers, or employees have an official interest; analyzing legal
problems presented by House Members, committees, officers, and employees,
and formulating recommended solutions; advising and counseling House
Members, committees, officers, and employees on a wide range of legal issues;
gathering facts necessary to permit OGC to provide sound legal advice;
interacting with House leadership, committees, and other House offices;
interacting with opposing counsel (both government and private); representing
witnesses in connection with investigative proceedings; performing legal research
on issues of constitutional, statutory, and common law; and working closely with
other OGC attorneys and support staff in performing these functions.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Minimum Requirements: (1) excellent academic credentials; (2) at least one year
of experience as a practicing attorney; (3) excellent writing, analytical, and
people skills; (4) excellent judgment; (5) ability to work with, and to provide high
quality legal advice and representation to, House Members, committees, officers,
and employees, without regard to political affiliation; and (6) appreciation of—or
at least the desire to learn about and understand—the role and functioning of the
Legislative Branch.
Preferred Qualifications: (1) judicial clerkship or other government experience;
(2) experience drafting dispositive motions in federal district courts and/or briefs
in federal courts of appeals; and (3) understanding of structure and operations of
the Federal Government, particularly the House of Representatives and the
Department of Justice.
Information about OGC is available at https://ogc.house.gov
Email cover letter, resume, transcript, list of references, and writing sample
to OGC.Employment@mail.house.gov. Application deadline, August 24, 2023.
Please include in the email subject line “Assistant General Counsel Vacancy.”

MEM-387-23

STAFF ASSISTANT – Congressman Mark Pocan (WI-02) is seeking a highly
motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic individual with excellent oral and
written communication skills for a staff assistant position in the Washington,
D.C. office.
Page 4 of 26

Daily tasks include answering telephone calls, conducting and organizing tours,
processing flag requests, greeting visitors, assisting with the intern program,
aiding the office in various administrative duties, and assisting in the drafting and
editing of constituent correspondence. This is an entry-level position.
Excellent writing, verbal, and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. Ties to
Wisconsin and Capitol Hill experience are a plus. A sense of humor is greatly
appreciated.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, a list of three work
references, and two writing samples to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Staff
Assistant” in the subject line. Job opening closes at end of business on August
9th. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
MEM-384-23

Congresswoman Nanette Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced scheduler for
her Washington, DC office.
The salary range for this position is $55,000 - $75,000, depending on experience
and qualifications.
Main responsibilities include:
• maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term schedules for both DC and the
District;
• organizing and evaluating all incoming meeting requests and invitations;
• keeping the Member on schedule throughout the day;
• working with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings;
• coordinating travel arrangements;
• processing and managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member;
• supporting planning and scheduling for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus
related to the Chairwoman;
• Facilitate weekly scheduling meetings with the Member and Chief of Staff to
evaluate meeting requests;
• Coordinating with the Member and Chief of Staff regarding political scheduling
requests;
• Communicating with constituents by phone and email to address requests;
• Driving the Member and staffing the Member at events;
• And additional administrative responsibilities as necessary.
Candidates should be:
• highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task;
Page 5 of 26

• resourceful and self-starters;
• team-oriented;
• proficient in Microsoft Outlook, Word, and Excel;
• proficient in Google Suite applications;
• able to work well under pressure and on tight timelines;
• and have a positive attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including
some weekend availability as needed.
Previous experience in scheduling or operations is preferred. Salary is
commensurate with experience.
Southern California | Los Angeles Metro area ties, access to a car, and Spanish
fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-383-23

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a District Director with
management experience to oversee all operations of the district office – the main
office located in the Bixby Knolls neighborhood of Long Beach.
The District Director will oversee management and operation of the District
Office, serve as liaison to local organizations and elected officials, manage a team
of 5-8 in the District including interns, and develop and implement long-term
strategic plans, including but not limited to outreach, casework, and grants
programs.
This position is responsible for recruiting, hiring, training, and managing district
staff and ensures that district staff complies with office policies, practices, and
procedures; represents the Member assigns appropriate staff to do so at events or
functions through the district as needed and will serve as the primary liaison
between the Congresswoman, constituents, and entities in the district.
The District Director will also be responsible for strategizing, developing, and
implementing constituent outreach plans, managing casework, work with the
Chief of Staff and Scheduler to plan the Congresswoman’s short- and long-term
in-district schedule and community events, manage a varied policy issue and
community portfolio. The District Director acts as an advisor for the
Congresswoman on local issues and concerns, politics, and other developments
throughout the district, the Los Angeles metropolitan area, Southern California,
Page 6 of 26

and the state.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate significant management experience
(federal, state, or local government management experience are a plus), strong
oral and written communications skills, strategic planning abilities, selfmotivation, and outreach experience to local and state organizations. An ability to
work collaboratively with district office staff as well as D.C.-based legislative
and communications staff is required.
Excellent oral and written communication skills are critical to the success of the
candidate, as well as knowledge of the local, county, and statewide processes.
The ideal candidate is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically
astute, and willing to work including evenings and weekends as needed in a fastpaced and results-oriented setting.
The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under pressure and the
flexibility to work long hours, including nights and weekends.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds encouraged to apply.
Knowledge of the district and Los Angeles ties are a plus.
Candidates should send a cover letter, resume, appropriate writing samples, and
three references with “CA44 District Director” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-382-23

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
Starting salary is $80,000 - $100,000, commensurate with experience.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.
Page 7 of 26

They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
•Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
•Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
•Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
•Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-381-23

The Office of Congresswoman Susan Wild is seeking a Press/Digital Assistant
to help develop and implement the office’s press and digital media strategy. The
ideal candidate is a self-starter and team player with strong writing skills and
experience using digital content to communicate messages with clarity and
creativity.
Responsibilities include:
•Managing social media strategy and execution through drafting social media
copy and creating graphics, videos, and other digital content.
•Managing the weekly newsletter program.
•Updating the website as needed.
•Closely monitoring mentions of the Congresswoman in print, online, and on
social media.
•Assisting in drafting press releases, advisories, talking points, remarks, and other
communications materials in coordination with the Communications Director.
•Other communications-related tasks as needed.

Page 8 of 26

The Press/Digital Assistant will report to the Communications Director. Salary
commensurate with experience.
Interested applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and PDF document that
includes a writing sample and 2-3 examples of graphics or digital
communications work to repwildjobs@gmail.com with the subject “Press/Digital
Assistant: First Name Last Name” by August 1, 2023.
Candidates with prior digital experience and/or ties to Pennsylvania are strongly
encouraged to apply. Rep. Wild’s office is an equal opportunity employer and
does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin,
age, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity.
MEM-379-23

Press Secretary, Select Committee on the Strategic Competition with the CCP,
Democratic Staff
The Select Committee on the Strategic Competition Between the U.S. and the
Chinese Communist Party (CCP) is seeking a Press Secretary to serve on the
Democratic staff of the committee.
Interested candidates should possess strong writing and excellent communication
skills and the ability to manage multiple priorities and meet deadlines on short
notice.
Responsibilities may include proactively pitching stories and interviews to
journalists and the media; identifying and creating new press opportunities;
drafting press materials such as releases, op-eds and social media content;
member preparation for media obligations; building relationships with the
external partners and the media; leading on select committee events; creating high
quality graphics and videos.
Requirement is a minimum two years of relevant press experience. This is not an
entry-level position. Salary and specific responsibilities will be commensurate
with experience and qualifications. The mandate of the select committee is to
investigate and submit policy recommendations on the status of the CCP’s
economic, technological, and security progress and its competition with the
United States.
The select committee is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, genetic information, marital status, uniformed service, or sexual
orientation.
Interested candidates should email a brief cover letter and resume
to SCCDems.resumes@mail.house.gov no later than August 1st to be considered.

Page 9 of 26

MEM-374-23

The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) is seeking an experienced,
highly-motivated Legislative Assistant or Senior Legislative Assistant to
handle the Congresswoman’s Agriculture Committee work, in addition to other
relevant policy issues.
The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for handling the following portfolio,
with some flexibility: Agriculture (including all work related to the Farm Bill and
the Agriculture Committee), Energy, Environment & Climate Change,
Transportation & Infrastructure, Rural Broadband/Telecom.
The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for jumping in to handle Farm Bill
priorities amid ongoing negotiations and will ideally overlap with the outgoing
Legislative Assistant for 1-2 weeks in late August/early September.
Responsibilities will include drafting and advancing legislative proposals,
preparing the Member for hearings and markups, meeting with stakeholders and
constituents, providing vote recommendations, working with the House and
Senate Agriculture Committees to advance our Farm Bill priorities, and
performing additional tasks as assigned.
The best-qualified candidates will have policy experience in Agriculture and
ideally additional issue areas, Hill experience, strong writing and analytical skills,
and the ability to operate with grace and humor in a fast-paced environment.
Other advantages include experience in a frontline office, ties to Virginia, and
advanced education. This is not an entry-level position.
Starting salary is $65,000 for Legislative Assistants and $70,000 for Senior
Legislative Assistants; prior experience as a Legislative Assistant is required for
the Senior title.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three
references to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant –
[Last Name]” as the subject line.
This office is an equal-opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and candidates
from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-365-23

Congressman Jeff Jackson (D, NC-14) seeks an organized self-starter with a
passion for helping others to serve as a Caseworker/Constituent Engagement
Officer in his North Carolina office.
TITLE: Caseworker/Constituent Engagement Officer
REPORTS TO: Constituent Services Director
Page 10 of 26

CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to monitor and update the Member and Constituent Services Director on district
and local issues;
•to answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents; and
•to act as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the Member and
constituents.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•strong oral and written communication skills;
•thorough knowledge of legislative process;
•knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
•thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
DUTIES:
•handles all casework assignments;
•acts as liaison and interfaces with city, county, district, and federal officials, and
other persons or groups to form effective relationships for the Member;
•assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the Constituent Services Director and Chief of
Staff/Administrative Assistant;
•continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
•acts as the grassroots representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility including occasionally staffing of the Member at events and
appearing as a representative of the Office at
•performs other duties as assigned.
If you’d like to apply, please send your resume and cover letter
to resume.jeffjackson@mail.house.gov, subject line: NC-14 Caseworker/CEO.
MEM-363-23

House Committee on Education and the Workforce (Democratic staff) seeks a
Labor Policy Counsel responsible for the portfolio covering labor law.
Candidates should have familiarity with the National Labor Relations Act, the
Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act, labor enforcement provisions
in trade agreements, and employment arbitration. Candidates should also have
knowledge of the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), the Department of
Labor’s Office of Labor-Management Standards (OLMS) and the International
Labor Affairs Bureau (ILAB).

Page 11 of 26

Applicants should have a law degree and experience working with an
organization, Congress, or government agency related to labor law. Duties will
include supporting the development of legislation, providing technical assistance
to the Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing
written materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of
committee proceedings and events related to labor law. Salary commensurate
with experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Labor Policy Counsel” in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-360-23

Speechwriter
Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a gifted writer with a strong sense of
history and a knowledge of and familiarity with the great orators and speeches of
our time. Responsibilities include drafting remarks for events and the floor;
drafting and editing correspondence to constituents and federal agencies; and
drafting statements for social media and press, including Op-Eds.
The ideal candidate is a self-starter aware of the major issues and debates
dominating the floor and capturing the public imagination. We are seeking
someone who can generate ideas and develop clean, quality, and prompt drafts
for One Minutes on a weekly basis, as well as delve into longer-form remarks out
in the district that eschew platitudes but are strengthened by data and detailed
policy solutions.
A successful candidate need not have a depth of expertise in any one area but a
working knowledge of many areas, a well-informed student of current events who
is naturally curious and constantly learning. The position would additionally
involve working on a portfolio of issues – meeting with advocacy groups in those
areas and assisting the legislative team as projects come up – but an applicant
should consider themself a writer first and foremost. Knowledge of the district is
a plus.
Job title and pay will be commensurate with work experience. We are open to
negotiation on whether the role can be full time or part time; whether it can be
remote or in person. Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references,
and a writing portfolio (as many samples as you are proud to showcase)
to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name – Speechwriter.”
We will accept applications until the position is filled.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and enduring from the ground up, particularly for a Member of

Page 12 of 26

Congress who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-359-23

Legislative Assistant/Counsel
Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a seasoned legislative staffer for the
Washington, D.C., office with a background in matters before the House
Homeland Security and Judiciary Committees, preferably with a knowledge base
in oversight and investigations. Candidates with a J.D. degree are strongly
encouraged to apply, and experience working on legislation as a permanent
staffer for a minimum of two years is required.
The ideal candidate is a student of politics and government who is well-versed in
current events and possesses a working knowledge of a diverse array of issues.
We are seeking a strong writer, particularly one adept at drafting powerful
remarks for the floor, with a track record of successfully developing and
advancing legislation, preparing and staffing the Member for committee hearings
and markups, and managing a broad policy portfolio.
Responsibilities also include developing and drafting bills, amendments, letters,
policy statements, talking points, op-eds, memos, and reports; planning and
organizing briefings and other events; managing relationships with local, state,
and national stakeholders; tracking legislation; handling vote recommendations;
building coalitions of diverse, bipartisan stakeholders to advance legislative
priorities; and assisting organizations and constituents in the district with federal
matters.
Job title and pay will be commensurate with work experience.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and enduring from the ground up, particularly for a Member of
Congress who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff.
Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references, and a writing
sample to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Assistant / Counsel.” We will accept applications until the position is
filled.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Page 13 of 26

MEM-358-23

Representative Mary Sattler Peltola seeks a Legislative Correspondent for her
DC office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent mail; researching policy issues;
drafting memos; and working with stakeholders. The ideal candidate possesses
excellent writing, communication, organizational, and interpersonal skills, with a
proven ability to prioritize, multi-task, and meet tight deadlines in a rigorous
environment. Attention to detail is critical. Alaska ties and 1-2 years Hill
experience strongly preferred.
Please send a resume, 1-page cover letter, and recent writing sample
to AKResumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy
Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.
Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
Page 14 of 26

stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and
possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-352-23

The Office of Rep. Ruben Gallego (AZ-03) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated bilingual (English/Spanish) press assistant with strong writing skills
and a comfortability with social media drafting.
Qualified candidates will assist with ensuring the objectives and achievements of
the Congressman are communicated effectively utilizing print, digital, and social
media. This position is based in Phoenix, Arizona and will work closely with the
Communications Director.
Responsibilities include: Drafting press releases for distribution; writing talking
points/speeches/scripts; creating social media content; staffing at media events,
and assisting with other duties as assigned.
Occasional weekend work is required. Candidates must have outstanding writing
and communication skills and be willing to collaborate with various departments
to accomplish objectives while juggling multiple deadlines and projects.
Interested applicants should email their resume and cover letter
to ResumesAZ03@mail.house.gov

MEM-339-23

Congressman Mike Levin (D-CA) is seeking a Press Secretary/Digital
Manager to assist in executing a robust communications strategy and maintain
his presence online and across all social media platforms.
Responsibilities include drafting press materials, writing remarks, pitching
stories, crafting and executing a social media strategy, creating and managing
social media content, designing graphics and print materials, recording and
editing video, writing email newsletters, daily clips emails, and more. The
individual will work closely with the Communications Director on day-to-day
operations of the Communications team.
Qualified candidates should have 1-2 years of press related experience, have
strong writing skills, proficiency in graphic design, and experience with both
videography and photography. Ability to work well with others, manage
competing priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines
are a must. Prior experience on Capitol Hill or with advocacy campaigns are a
Page 15 of 26

plus. Salary range is $60,000-$70,000, commensurate with experience.
To apply, please send a resume, a cover letter, a writing sample, and 1-3 digital
work samples to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov with “Press Secretary/Digital
Manager” in the subject line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
This position can be based in Oceanside/Dana Point, CA or Washington, D.C.,
and will require limited work on evenings and weekends to execute social media
content.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
MEM-339-23

Congressman Mike Levin (D-CA) is seeking a Press Secretary/Digital
Manager to assist in executing a robust communications strategy and maintain
his presence online and across all social media platforms.
Responsibilities include drafting press materials, writing remarks, pitching
stories, crafting and executing a social media strategy, creating and managing
social media content, designing graphics and print materials, recording and
editing video, writing email newsletters, daily clips emails, and more. The
individual will work closely with the Communications Director on day-to-day
operations of the Communications team.
Qualified candidates should have 1-2 years of press related experience, have
strong writing skills, proficiency in graphic design, and experience with both
videography and photography. Ability to work well with others, manage
competing priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines
are a must. Prior experience on Capitol Hill or with advocacy campaigns are a
plus. Salary range is $60,000-$70,000, commensurate with experience.
To apply, please send a resume, a cover letter, a writing sample, and 1-3 digital
work samples to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov with “Press Secretary/Digital
Manager” in the subject line. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.
This position can be based in Oceanside/Dana Point, CA or Washington, D.C.,
and will require limited work on evenings and weekends to execute social media
content.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.

Page 16 of 26

MEM-335-23

Moderate Financial Services Committee member seeks legislative assistant to
manage work including:
•Financial Service Committee
•Issue areas including: economic policy, banking, taxation, trade, small business,
and social security
•Drafting and editing legislation, amendments, resolutions, letters, and memos
•Building relationships with relevant stakeholders
•Working with the communications team to highlight the Congressman’s work
Applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with “FSC
Legislative Assistant – LastName, FirstName” in the subject line
to nj5jobs@mail.house.gov.
Female, minority, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation.

MEM-332-23

Representative Spanberger seeks an Office Administrator/District Staff
Assistant for her Prince William County, Virginia district office.
Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized, detailoriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal skills, and eager to join
a mission-oriented team that thrives in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates must demonstrate excellent “people skills” and a strong commitment
to providing outstanding constituent service. The ideal candidate should: be able
to think on their feet and be a problem solver, show keen attention to detail and
an ability to multi-task, demonstrate excellent oral and written skills, maintain a
positive demeanor, and demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
Primary responsibilities include managing the front office, answering and logging
telephone calls, greeting visitors, monitoring office deliveries, distributing hard
and electronic mail, creating briefs and memos, drafting constituent
correspondence, and other administrative duties.
The staff assistant may also assist with constituent services and manage special
projects as needed. Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity
employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic
information, disability, or uniformed service. Starting salary is $50,000.

Page 17 of 26

Please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (3 pages or less)
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Office Administrator” in
the subject line.
MEM-328-23

SUMMARY:
The Office of Congressman Frank J. Mrvan seeks a Correspondence Manager
to handle general mail program operations, issue-specific constituent
communications, and legislative research.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, drafting and editing constituent
correspondence, tracking legislation, meeting with constituents and interest
groups, briefing the Congressman, and generally ensuring a timely and accurate
constituent mail program. Candidate must be highly dependable, detail-focused,
value responsiveness to constituents, and have superior organizational and
writing skills. Knowledge of the legislative process and Indiana ties a plus.
Female and minority candidates are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to Kevin.Spicer@mail.house.gov with “Correspondence Manager” in the subject
line.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•In a timely fashion, completes research, drafting, and editing responses to
constituents letters on federal matters;
•Tracks legislation through the Committee, House floor, Senate and conference
committee processes in designated issue areas, and briefs the Congressman;
•Collaborates with other members of the legislative and communication staff to
edit and draft correspondence; acts as a liaison with constituents, interest groups,
committee and agency staffs in designated issue areas;
•Ensures that inquiries and requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate
staff member and responded to in a timely manner;
•Documents, organizes, and summarizes constituent opinions on issues
communicated to the office;
•Prepares weekly correspondence drafts and summaries for review by the
Member,
•Performs special projects as assigned by the Chief of Staff or Legislative
Director.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Superior oral and written communication skills;
•Excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Knowledge of Internet Quorum and adhering consistency to a letter writing
standard and guide is a plus.

Page 18 of 26

MEM-326-23

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a high-energy, highly-organized,
and detail-oriented Constituent Service Representative for his office in
Germantown, MD.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Staffer will primarily staff the District Office located in Germantown, MD.
Occasional travel to other offices in the district as needed.
•Serve as the official representative for the Member in the community.
•Act as liaison with federal, state, and local government agencies, political
officials, community leaders, and other community organizations to form
effective relationships for the Member.
•Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
•Monitor and update the Member and District Director on local issues of
importance.
•Staff and provide logistical support for district meetings and events for the
Member.
•Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
•Answer correspondence and verbal communications with constituents in a
timely manner.
•Office administrative duties as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
•Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
•Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
•Thorough knowledge of the legislative process.
•Knowledge of all issues in the district in which the Member is involved.
•Maryland ties are a plus.
•Ability to speak Spanish is a plus.
The Office of Congressman David Trone strongly values the diversity of our
employees and strongly encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply.
Ideal candidates will have 1-2 years of work experience in a relevant field.
(public service, political campaigns, issue advocacy, community organizing, etc.)
Starting salary for this position will be between 50-55k plus full benefits
depending on experience.

Page 19 of 26

To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to MD06.jobs@gmail.com with
“Constituent Service Representative - Germantown” in the subject line. No phone
calls or walk-ins.
MEM-325-23

The Democratic staff of the House Natural Resources Committee (HNRC),
Subcommittee on Federal Lands, seeks a Professional Staff Member (PSM) to
play a lead role in planning, coordinating, and executing the legislative and
oversight agenda of Ranking Member Grijalva and HNRC Democrats.
The ideal candidate is a creative thinker with a sophisticated understanding of the
subcommittee’s jurisdiction, including but not limited to the National Park
Service, the Bureau of Land Management, and the U.S Forest Service.
The PSM will work directly with the Staff Director of the Subcommittee on
Federal Lands to assist Natural Resources Committee lawmakers and their staff
to develop legislation on a broad range of issues, including public land
management priorities, historic preservation, and conservation matters.
Preferred qualifications: Demonstrates a clear understanding of the policies, laws,
and politics of U.S. public land management, with a particular emphasis on the
U.S. Forest Service. Thorough understanding of the legislative process, House
organization and procedure, and the overall jurisdiction of HNRC.
The strongest candidate will be able to prepare briefing materials, questions, and
statements for hearings, markups, and other committee business and to develop
communications materials succinctly explaining the work of the subcommittee.
Demonstrates an awareness of and sensitivity to the needs and concerns of
individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and orientations. Understands
how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and social inequality in the
U.S. and has a passion for working to dismantle these systems.
Salary is commensurate with experience, plus benefits.
Full job description and instructions on how to apply can be found on our
website https://democrats-naturalresources.house.gov/contact/job-postings

MEM-323-23

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
Page 20 of 26

of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful. The ideal candidate will have significant
experience interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication
skills and a working knowledge or strong interest in the District of Columbia and
its local government. Candidate must possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be
willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.
MEM-319-23

Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (OR-06) seeks a Chief of Staff based in her
Washington, DC office.
The Chief of Staff will provide all necessary organization, supervisory leadership,
and motivation to staff as they work towards the Member’s goals across the DC
and district offices; approving strategies and tactics on legislative issues; keeping
Member up to date on all important emerging and ongoing issues as it pertains to
office and district; and oversee the administration of office goals, policies and
procedures.
Qualifications include strong oral and written communication skills, thorough
knowledge of the legislative process and of House organization and procedures,
knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments, an understanding
of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved, political
acumen, and the ability to manage and lead a team. We are also looking for a
team player who is committed to fostering a positive work environment.
Candidates with knowledge of or ties to Oregon is a plus.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified
candidates are encouraged to apply.
Please email a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: Chief of Staff. This position
will be open until filled.

Page 21 of 26

MEM-305-23

DPCC COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – The House Democratic Policy
and Communications Committee seeks an experienced Communications Director.
The Communications Director will work with the Executive Director to design
and execute strategies that advance the message priorities and values of House
Democrats; create messaging guidance, event suggestions, sample releases, and
other communications tools; help Democratic offices pitch stories, hold strong
local press events, and position Members in the media; and assist in bolstering
paid communications programs in Democratic offices.
The Communications Director is also expected to assist with the planning and
execution of regular DPCC message meetings and policy dinners; support DPCC
outreach initiatives; and assist with daily tasks and long-term planning. Spanish
language fluency and experience with constituency media is strongly preferred.
This is not an entry-level position; a strong background in communications on
Capitol Hill is required. DPCC is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex,
gender, LGBTQ+ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people
of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. DPCC
will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
To apply, please email jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF: 1. Cover letter; 2. Résumé;
3. Two writing samples, with one coming from work on Capitol Hill; and 4. Two
references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email,
and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not
contact these references without contacting you first).

MEM-300-23

Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-O4) seeks a highly motivated, hard-working,
skilled and experienced Legislative Director to help shape and manage a robust
legislative portfolio.
Congressman Horsford is a member of the Armed Services and Financial
Services Committees, Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, and an active
frontline member. Previous legislative experience on Capitol Hill is required, and
Nevada ties are a plus. Ideal candidates will have experience managing and
mentoring staff, thinking strategically and will possess a sophisticated
understanding of the legislative process, along with excellent writing,
organizational and time management skills. The ideal candidate will primarily be
Page 22 of 26

responsible for managing a legislative portfolio that consists of healthcare, taxes,
gun violence prevention, and other issues.
Candidates should be creative, proactive and self-motivated, and have an ability
to operate effectively under pressure and work closely in a team atmosphere in
this fast-moving, dynamic office.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or parental
status. Women, people of color and LGBTQAI+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply, as are candidates with Nevada ties.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience, along with generous
benefits and professional development opportunities.
Interested candidates must include a cover letter, resume, two page max writing
sample and three professional references in a single PDF file.
Email submissions to the Director of Administration, Selena Harvey
at nv04resumes@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-LD-23_last name". No calls please. Individuals selected for an
interview will be contacted.
MEM-276-23

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Majority Staff
REPORTS TO: Majority Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance
and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with duties as assigned.
DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with full Committee hearings on matters within Subcommittee
jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
•Reviewing the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and
other publications for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
Page 23 of 26

information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Majority agenda, briefing of Members, and development
of questions;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Drafting remarks for Chairman and suggested questions for hearings;
•Preparation of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee
Chairman on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staff
Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee staff, as needed.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
REQUIRED SKILLS:
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Attention to detail.
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
Page 24 of 26

How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and three writing
samples to the following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with
“DAMA Republican Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins,
please.
MEM-267-23

Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (OR-06) seeks a Legislative Director based in
her Washington, DC office. She is a freshman member in a battleground district
who serves on the House Agriculture Committee, the House Science, Space, and
Technology Committee, and the Congressional Executive Commission on China.
She also serves in leadership for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the
Democratic Women’s Caucus and is a member of the New Democrat Coalition
and the Congressional Progressive Caucus.
The Legislative Director oversees the development of policy positions and
legislative initiatives and supervises the office's legislative staff. This position
also meets with constituents and stakeholders on behalf of the Member and serves
as the primary contact for legislative issues with caucuses and committees. The
Legislative Director will advise the Member on all legislative areas.
Other responsibilities include managing a legislative portfolio; monitoring
legislative activity on the House floor and overseeing long-term and short-term
legislative planning for the Member; supervising the mail program and working
closely with the Legislative Correspondent and legislative team to build a letter
library and facilitate constituent correspondence; managing the progression of
bills with which the Member is involved as they move from Committee to the
floor; recommending strategies and tactics on bills and positions and overseeing
the Community Project Funding process.
Qualifications include strong oral and written communication skills, thorough
knowledge of the legislative process and of House organization and procedures,
knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments, an understanding
of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved, political
acumen, and the ability to manage and lead a team. We are also looking for a
team player who is committed to fostering a positive work environment. Previous
Hill experience is required. Candidates with health care and/or agricultural policy
and knowledge of or ties to Oregon is a plus.
This is not an entry-level position and previous legislative experience on Capitol
Hill is required Salary range for this position is $100,000 to $110,000 + benefits.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified
candidates are encouraged
to apply.
Page 25 of 26

Please email a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: Legislative Director. This
position will be open until filled.
MEM-259-23

The office of a conservative, mid-western Member of Congress seeks a
Communications Assistant to work in the DC office and help develop and
execute an effective communications strategy.
The ideal candidate is:
•innovative, confident, and detail-oriented,
•a strong and effective verbal and written communicator,
•capable of consistently producing high-quality work product,
•able to effectively communicate with a variety of audiences using social media
and other platforms,
•willing to work long hours, including some time on weekends, and under tight
deadlines,
•able to react to unanticipated circumstances requiring fast and effective
response,
•interested in political and government topics and news from a variety of sources,
•committed to contributing to a team dynamic based on respect, collaboration,
and transparency.
Job responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•compiling and distributing daily press clips,
•producing content for social media and the official website,
•writing speeches, opinion editorials, talking points, press releases, and similar
content,
•preparing the Member for media opportunities and public appearances,
•photographing events, hearings, and other public functions,
•research to support communications activities,
•monitoring national, state, and local news for stories relevant for the office,
•assisting with all other communications-related tasks that are necessary to
execute a communications strategy.
This position is for someone early in their career with one to four years of
experience working in a professional setting with at least some exposure to
communications-related work.
Applicants must complete a writing sample as part of the interview process.
Interested applicants should email CommsApplicants@gmail.com with:
•a cover letter,
•resume,
•at least three professional references, and
•any relevant work samples (e.g. - writing, video, creative)

Page 26 of 26

