House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 5, 2018

MEM-078-18

The press office of Rep. Louise Slaughter (NY-25) and the House Rules
Committee is seeking a social media manager & press assistant to join an
aggressive communications team. Responsibilities include managing the
congresswoman’s digital media channels, including website and social media
accounts, developing engaging online content, writing e-newsletters, and
taking photos and video. The social media manager & press assistant will also
compile press clips, copy-edit press releases and talking points, and other
projects as necessary. Must be comfortable working collaboratively to execute
a broad communications strategy. Prior press and/or digital experience and
familiarity with both graphic design and video editing is preferred. Ideal
candidates must also have strong written and verbal communications skills
and be able to work demanding hours in a fast-paced environment.
Interested candidates must submit a resume, cover letter, two writing samples,
and two examples of social media or digital media work to
digitalpressposting@mail.house.gov. Candidates will be considered on a
rolling basis until the position is filled.

Page 1 of 6

MEM-076-18

California Democrat (Rep. Jerry McNerney, CA-09) seeks experienced
legislative director to develop and advance long-term legislative agenda.
Legislative Director will work closely with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Communications Director, District Director, and staff to advance Member’s
priorities and implement strategic legislative and outreach strategies.
Successful candidate must work well in a collaborative, team-oriented
environment and have the ability to oversee an active legislative team in
implementing and advancing an expansive legislative agenda.
Legislative Director must be highly organized, detail oriented, and able to
manage multiple tasks and projects. Excellent interpersonal skills and written
and verbal communication, as well as strong editing and proofreading abilities
are required.
Ideal candidate will be politically astute and have a good sense of humor and
positive attitude.
Successful candidate must have the ability to thrive in a demanding, fastpaced, deadline-driven environment, and must be able to respond to
challenging situations quickly and strategically.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill
experience and a solid knowledge of legislative and political processes will be
considered. Prior experience serving as a Legislative Director or working on
Energy and Commerce Committee-related policy issues – including energy,
environment, and water – is strongly preferred.
California ties, Spanish literacy, and previous supervisory experience are a
plus. Minorities and candidates with CA-09 ties are encouraged to apply.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to: McNerneyResumes@mail.house.gov.
No calls or drop ins, please.

MEM-070-18

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a press secretary for his
Washington office. Spanish skills and Hill experience a plus. Send resume,
brief writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov.
No drop-ins please.

MEM-064-18

Senior Rocky Mountain Democrat is seeking a legislative assistant to
manage a very active health care portfolio, including the Member’s leadership
of two high-profile caucuses. Candidates should have at least three years of
experience developing and implementing legislative strategies in a
Congressional office. Strong research, writing, and negotiation skills are
essential. An advanced degree in a health field is preferred. The ideal
Page 2 of 6

candidate will be creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be
able to have fun while maintaining a busy schedule. Interested applicants
should send a cover letter and resume to rockymountainhealthla@gmail.com.
MEM-056-18

The U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission is seeking an
Executive Director. The position is responsible for the overall management
of the USCC staff, as well as providing advice to Commissioners regarding
Commission hearings, research topics, and contents of the Commission’s
Annual Report to Congress. Candidates should demonstrate firsthand
knowledge and senior level experience in organization management, ability to
establish program/policy goals and implement them, knowledge of how to
manage a budget, and the highest degree of judgement, initiative, and
objectivity. Candidates are expected to have substantive knowledge of USChina policy and China’s economic, trade, military and security policies and
practices. A full list of requirements, responsibilities, and information on how
to apply can be obtained by emailing a request to contact@uscc.gov or can be
found on the Commission website at www.uscc.gov/about/job-opportunities.
The application period closes March 7, 2018.

MEM-055-18

Northeastern progressive Democrat, Senior Member of Democratic
Leadership, and Member of the Appropriations Committee seeks an
experienced speechwriter to join busy, high-functioning office. The
individual will work closely with the legislative staff and take the lead on
crafting speeches and op-ed columns. Candidates must possess excellent and
proven writing and organizational skills and the ability to grasp complex
policy concepts, think strategically, and multitask effectively under tight
deadlines. Applicants must also have command of the legislative process,
sound political judgment, and a sense of humor. Salary commensurate with
experience. Please send cover letter, resume, and 2-3 writing samples
to: ctspeechwriter@gmail.com.

MEM-051-18

Scheduler/Executive Assistant: Duties include managing the daily schedule
for a Democratic Member of Congress; reviewing invitations and meeting
requests with the Chief of Staff and other staff members; and organizing all
the logistical aspects of the Member’s schedule. Duties also include
overseeing the front office reception area and a very active intern
program. This position requires exceptional organization, strong interpersonal
skills, attention to detail and the ability to multitask and prioritize. Salary
commensurate with experience. An expanded portfolio to include financial
administration is possible for qualified candidates. Please send resume and
cover letter to Employment@mail.house.gov.

MEM-047-18

TITLE: Scheduler/Executive Assistant
REPORTS TO: Member/ Chief of Staff
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Page 3 of 6

•
•

to maintain the Member's official schedule, travel plans, and related
records; and
to act as liaison for the Member with the staff, public and other
Members.

QUALIFICATIONS:
• at least 1-2 years of office experience;
• strong telephone skills;
• strong oral and written communication skills;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment with respect to
prioritization of and recommendations on Member appointments;
• strong organizational and filing skills;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• experience making travel reservations and arrangements;
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a
tactful, pleasant, and professional manner; and
• availability to work long hours and at night
DUTIES:
Scheduling Duties
• prepares the daily schedule for the Member, and distributes copies to
the Washington, DC, and district offices;
• prepares detailed itineraries for the Member, including important
numbers, location and contact names;
• prepares monthly projected schedules for the Member;
• briefs the Member on all scheduling activities of the Washington, DC,
and district offices and makes recommendations on proposed future
meetings;
• schedules all staff meetings and briefings;
• coordinates scheduling of press, interviews, radio and T.V. time with
the Press Secretary; and
• coordinates photo opportunities with constituents.
Travel Duties
• makes reservations for the Member's air travel, ground transportation,
and lodging; and
• submits vouchers for travel and expense reimbursement.
Mail/Invitations Duties
• reviews the Member's mail and invitations;
• responds to all invitations, either by written correspondence or by
personal telephone call;
• maintains files of invitations that have been declined, accepted, or that
are tentative/pending; and
• ensures that the Member is provided with briefing materials for each
event.
Page 4 of 6

Administrative Duties
• monitors the Member's incoming telephone calls in a telephone log,
takes messages, and returns calls as requested;
• places outgoing calls for the Member and maintains a record of calls;
• maintains the Member's files, including notes, correspondence, and all
information relating to travel;
• organizes documentation and materials for the Member's annual
financial disclosure report;
• acts as a liaison for constituents and other visitors that drop by to see
the Member;
• acts as a liaison between the Member and other Members, committee
staff, White House, and government offices and agencies to arrange
for the Member's attendance at meetings or to coordinate travel plans;
and
• performs other duties as assigned.
Please send all resumes to nyrepjobs@gmail.com.
MEM-046-18

Senior Democratic Congressman who serves as Ranking Member on a full
committee seeks an experienced, energetic and creative Press Secretary to
work in a fast-paced press operation. The ideal candidate should be
entrepreneurial and aggressive in generating ideas that yield media coverage,
promoting the Member’s agenda through traditional and social media, and
raising the Member’s national profile. The Press Secretary will be
responsible for all facets of daily press operation including: media strategy
development and implementation; serving as primary spokesperson for
national and local media; coordinating press conferences; pitching story ideas;
managing coverage of legislative action and events; and drafting statements,
releases, speeches, opinion editorials and responses to articles. This is not an
entry-level position. The candidate must have previous Capitol Hill
experience, extensive media contacts and background working with both print
and electronic media. The Press Secretary must also seek innovative ways to
increase the Member’s visibility, including expanding the use of the
Member’s website and other on-line resources and developing/maintaining
effective relationships with national and local media. Excellent oral and
written communications skills and the ability to work in a high pressure,
team-oriented environment while juggling multiple tasks are required. Onthe-record experience preferred.
To apply, please e-mail a cover letter and resume with the words “Press
Secretary” in the subject line to job_09@live.com.

MEM-045-18

Congressman Erik Paulsen’s office seeks a Communications Director to
craft a relevant, compelling communications strategy that engages a variety of
audiences. The ideal candidate would have a knack for personalizing a
Page 5 of 6

message and breaking down complicated issues. The candidate must be
proactive and creative while possessing a clear, concise writing style.
Responsibilities include implementing and managing a communications
strategy, working with the legislative team to highlight a policy agenda,
writing press releases and op-eds, drafting speeches, creating talking points,
pitching, and building relationships with reporters. If interested, please submit
a cover letter, resume, references and two short writing samples to
MN03Jobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Communications Director.”

Page 6 of 6

