________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 26, 2022

MEM-624-22

Press Assistant
The Office of Democratic Leader-elect Hakeem Jeffries seeks a strong writer and
motivated individual to support the day-to-day activities of a fast-paced press
shop. Job responsibilities include daily press clips and media monitoring,
supervision of the press internship program and support for a weekly press
conference and other events.
Candidates must be well-organized team players ready to create flawless written
deliverables on day one. This office is an equal opportunity employer committed
to a diverse and inclusive workforce and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity
or disability. Women and minority applicants are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send PDFs of resume, cover letter, three writing samples and
three professional references to Demleaderresumes@gmail.com with your name
and “2023 Press Assistant Application” in the subject line. Absolutely no phone
calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-623-22

Speechwriter
The Office of Democratic Leader-elect Hakeem Jeffries seeks an exceptional
writer and researcher to support all aspects of a fast-paced communications
Page 1 of 28

operation. Job responsibilities include drafting written remarks, talking points,
press statements and more. Candidates should have experience writing flawless
public-facing remarks and statements for a principal. This office is an equal
opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin,
sexual orientation, gender identity or disability. Women and minority applicants
are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send PDFs of resume, cover letter, three writing samples
(including at least one set of remarks written for a principal), and three
professional references to Demleaderresumes@gmail.com with your name and
“Speechwriter” in the subject line. Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-622-22

Digital Engagement Director
The Office of Democratic Leader-elect Hakeem Jeffries seeks a creative digital
media professional to join a fast-paced communications operation. Job
responsibilities include coordinating all aspects of the Leader’s social media
presence, brainstorming creative ways to expand its reach, guiding Democratic
Caucus digital strategy, and collaborating with the Creative Director to generate
compelling, sharable content.
Candidates should have a proven track record of leading winning digital
campaigns, engaging external allies to amplify message, and growing an online
audience. This office is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse
and inclusive workforce and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color,
age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability.
Women and minority applicants are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send resume, cover letter, portfolio and three professional
references to Demleaderresumes@gmail.com with your name and “Digital
Engagement Director” in the subject line. Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins
please.

MEM-621-22

National Press Secretary
The Office of Democratic Leader-elect Hakeem Jeffries seeks an experienced
political communications professional to be a senior Member of a fast-paced,
aggressive press team. Job responsibilities include pitching and staffing
interviews, fielding reporter inquiries and collaborating with a variety of
colleagues to find creative ways to drive our message.
Candidates should have multiple years of press experience, strong writing skills
and confidence in staffing a principal. This office is an equal opportunity
employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual
Page 2 of 28

orientation, gender identity or disability. Women and minority applicants are
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send PDFs of resume, three of the best press clips you’ve landed
and three professional references to Demleaderresumes@gmail.com with your
name and “National Press Secretary” in the subject line. Absolutely no phone
calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-620-22

Communications Director – Congressional Hispanic Caucus (CHC)
Location: Washington, DC
The Congressional Hispanic Caucus (CHC) is seeking a Communications
Director. Successful candidates should have previous experience working directly
with Members of Congress, knowledge of the legislative process, significant Hill
experience and/or experience doing advocacy work on issues of importance to
Hispanic communities.
The Communications Director will be responsible for working closely with the
Executive Director and CHC Chair to execute the vision of the CHC Chair and
members; managing CHC press interns|fellows; developing communications
plans and doing extensive press & media outreach; running the CHC social media
accounts & website; and working to place CHC Chair and members on television,
radio, and in print.
The ideal candidate will be a self-starter and strong leader; have a strong attention
to detail; be highly organized and able to put in place effective and efficient
processes to complete required tasks; and have the ability to work in an extremely
fast-paced and demanding environment.
Ability to speak and write fluently in Spanish is strongly preferred.
Applicants should have the following qualifications:
•Substantial experience with and knowledge of Congressional affairs and the
legislative process
•Knowledge of the CHC’s policy agenda
•Experience with media pitching, booking television appearances|interviews,
prepping a principal for print & television interviews|appearances
•Extensive relationships with DC and National print & television media (incl.
Spanish language print & television media)
•Excellent oral and written communication skills
•Ability to work under pressure and meet quick deadlines
•Experience with communications including, social media, press releases, talking
points, etc.
•Demonstrated experience working effectively with diverse coalitions

Page 3 of 28

This is a senior-level position. Non-traditional work hours are expected.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-4 years of Capitol Hill or equivalent
experience.
Submit cover letter, resume, and short writing sample
to Liam.Forsythe@mail.house.gov.
MEM-619-22

Executive Director – Congressional Hispanic Caucus (CHC)
Location: Washington, DC
The Congressional Hispanic Caucus (CHC) is seeking an Executive Director.
Successful candidates should have previous experience working directly with
Members of Congress, knowledge of the legislative process, significant Hill
experience and/or experience doing advocacy work on issues of importance to
Hispanic communities.
The Executive Director will be responsible for executing the vision of the CHC
Chair; managing CHC staff; developing strategy and communications plans; and
organizing meetings and strategic planning with the CHC Chair and the CHC’s
42 Members.
The ideal candidate will be a self-starter and strong leader; have a strong attention
to detail; be highly organized and able to put in place effective and efficient
processes to complete required tasks; and have the ability to work in an extremely
fast-paced and demanding environment.
Ability to speak and write fluently in Spanish is strongly preferred.
Applicants should have the following qualifications:
•Substantial experience with and knowledge of Congressional affairs and the
legislative process
•Knowledge of the CHC’s policy agenda
•Excellent oral and written communication skills
•Ability to work under pressure and meet quick deadlines
•Experience with communications including, social media, press releases, talking
points, etc.
•Leadership and management experience
•Demonstrated experience working effectively with diverse coalitions
This is a senior-level position. Non-traditional work hours are expected.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-4 years of Capitol Hill or equivalent
experience.
Submit cover letter, resume, and short writing sample
to Liam.Forsythe@mail.house.gov.
Page 4 of 28

MEM-618-22

Small Business Legislative Assistant, Rep. Dean Phillips (MN-03)
Congressman Dean Phillips (MN-03) seeks a Small Business Legislative
Assistant for his Washington, DC, office. This Legislative Assistant is
responsible for advising the Congressman in his capacity as a member of the
Small Business Committee, including currently as the lead Democrat on the
Oversight, Investigations, and Regulations Subcommittee.
The person in this position will also likely cover a variety of other policy issues,
including employee ownership, tax, financial services, commerce,
retirement/pensions, workforce development, or trade, depending on the
candidate’s interests and team’s needs.
This position reports directly to the Legislative Director. Responsibilities include
developing and advancing a proactive policy agenda, preparing and staffing the
Member for meetings and events, engaging stakeholders and constituents, and
advising the Congressman on activities occurring on the House Floor and in
relevant committees.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified candidates will excel in the
following areas:
•Creativity and Innovation: proactively seek out creative solutions to pressing
problems and help develop effective visual and written products to communicate
those solutions to constituents in a compelling way.
•Project Management: balance short- and long-term priorities, work
collaboratively with colleagues and external stakeholders, and anticipate and
prepare for possible obstacles to success.
•Stakeholder Management: foster relationships with diverse groups of
stakeholders and find opportunities to collaborate.
•Commitment to Rep. Phillips’s Ethos: internalize the belief in radical hospitality
and the idea that “representation begins with listening”.
Qualified candidates will have previous legislative and/or policy experience,
interest in the issue area portfolio described above, and strong written and
interpersonal skills. Candidates will also feel comfortable operating in a
bipartisan manner and engaging in policy work through the lens of minority and
underserved communities. Salary is commensurate with experience. Minnesota
ties are a plus.
The Office of Congressman Dean Phillips is an equal opportunity employer
committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment.

Page 5 of 28

Interested candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, and one writing
sample to Phillips.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Small Business Legislative
Assistant_FirstName_LastName” in the subject line by January 09, 2023.
MEM-617-22

House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs (Majority)
Subcommittee on Technology Modernization
Professional Staff Member
Core Responsibilities:
•Under the supervision of the Subcommittee Staff Director, conduct oversight of
the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) enterprise technology programs and
projects, including Electronic Health Record Modernization, as well its
information technology operations.
•Collect technical information and translate it into briefings, memoranda, hearing
materials, and policy recommendations for a general audience.
•In addition to information technology, the Subcommittee covers many of VA’s
administrative and management functions, including acquisition, project
management, finance, procurement, supply chain, and human capital.
•Meet with congressional staff, veteran service organizations, technical
organizations, and internal and external stakeholders.
•Perform other duties as assigned by the Subcommittee Staff Director, Committee
Staff Director, and Committee Deputy Staff Director.
Qualifications:
•Undergraduate degree
•At least five years of relevant work experience, including prior congressional
committee or federal agency experience
•Some level of subject matter expertise in information technology and federal
agency administrative or management issues
•Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
•Excellent oral communication skills
•Thoroughness and attention to detail
•Discretion and sound judgment in formulating and recommending policy
positions
•Knowledge of current issues and events relevant to the Committee and VA
•Ability to work long hours, under pressure, while remaining cooperative and
courteous
•Work independently as well as in teams
•This is a full-time, on-site position in Washington, DC.
•Some domestic travel is required.
Benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care Insurance
Page 6 of 28

•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Federal Transit Benefit or parking
•Student Loan Repayment Program
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter and resume
to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Technology Modernization
Professional Staff Member” in the subject line. Writing samples and references
may be requested. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-616-22

TITLE: Professional Staff Member and Investigator, U.S. House Committee
on Veterans’ Affairs
REPORTS TO: the Staff Director, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations
Core Responsibilities:
•Under the guidance of the Subcommittee Staff Director, conduct investigations
into the Department of Veterans Affairs.
•Conduct oversight of Subcommittee issue areas, including Department
implementation of laws, regulations, and programs.
•Provide advice on policy matters within issue areas and help Subcommittee Staff
Director develop and implement strategic and policy goals
•Assist the Subcommittee Staff Director in advising the Full Committee
leadership and Subcommittee leadership on legislative initiatives
•Draft hearing, markup, and floor statements for the Full Committee leadership
and Subcommittee leadership
•Assist in determining Full Committee and Subcommittee hearing topics and
prepare for hearings
•Meet with congressional staff and internal/external organizations on behalf of
the Committee
•Perform other duties as assigned by the Subcommittee Staff Director, Full
Committee Deputy Staff Director, and Full Committee Staff Director
•Develop investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Review evidence and data to analyze, develop, and provide detailed written and
oral reports of findings
•Interview witnesses and subjects

Page 7 of 28

Qualifications:
•Undergraduate degree required
•At least five years of relevant work experience, including experience leading or
working on investigations
•Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills
•Excellent oral communication skills
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Demonstrate ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the
formulation and recommendation of policy positions
•Knowledge of current issues and events in which the Full Committee leadership
is involved
•Ability to work long hours, under pressure, and be cooperative and courteous
with others
•Domestic travel will be required, with the possibility of international travel.
•Work independently or as part of an investigative team
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Metro benefits or parking
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, references, and three
writing samples to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “O&I Investigator” in
the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-615-22

“Representative Dina Titus seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant to manage
both her DC and district schedule.

Page 8 of 28

This individual works closely with the Chief of Staff and District Director on a
broad range of scheduling and executive operations including tracking,
evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests,
coordinating travel, and managing all aspects of the Congresswoman’s daily and
long-term schedule.
The ideal candidate will exercise discretion and confidentiality, remain calm
under pressure, and be able to collaborate and communicate well with a large DC
and State staff. Previous administrative or scheduling experience preferred.
Candidates should also have the desire to join a highly-collaborative, actionoriented team.
Interested candidates should email a resume and cover letter
to nv01jobs@gmail.com. The office seeks a staff that reflects the diversity of the
country. Women, veterans, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.”
MEM-614-22

Rep. Mike Quigley (IL-05) seeks an organized, energetic, and detail-oriented
Staff Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include managing the front office, answering and logging
telephone calls, processing constituent requests for flags and tours, and managing
the internship program. The Staff Assistant will also be expected to support
legislative and communications staff and manage other administrative duties as
assigned.
Candidates should be motivated self-starters with excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal communication skills. Ideal candidates will possess strong
organizational and time management skills; they will be adept problem solvers
and team players who can work collaboratively with colleagues and external
partners. They should be able to maintain a professional and welcoming
demeanor while interacting with visitors, staff, and stakeholders in a fast-paced
and busy environment.
Prior Capitol Hill and/or other relevant experience is preferred. Ties to Chicago
or Illinois are a plus.
The starting salary for the position is $50,000. Those interested in applying
should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and one short (1-2 pages) writing sample
to ILcongressjobs@gmail.com with the subject line: Staff Assistant Application.
Applications should be submitted by December 30, 2022.
Congressman Quigley’s office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status. Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ+ persons are
Page 9 of 28

strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-613-22

The House Science, Space, and Technology Committee seeks a Committee
Clerk.
The incoming Majority for the House Science, Space, and Technology
Committee seeks a highly organized, detail oriented individual to serve at the
Committee Clerk. The clerk is responsible for the preparation of materials and
notices for official committee business, such as hearings and markups. The clerk
maintains, organizes and archives all official committee records. The clerk also
assists with the administrative functions of the committee related to hearings and
markups. Qualified applicants will have at least one year of Hill experience as
well as working knowledge of how Congressional committees operate.
Candidates can email their resumes to Jennifer.Wickre@mail.house.gov

MEM-612-22

Republican Staff of the House Foreign Affairs Committee seeks a highly
organized and detail-oriented Committee Clerk.
The Clerk is responsible for the preparation of all committee activities, such as
hearings and markups. The Clerk ensures the committee is run efficiently by
maintaining and organizing all committee records as well as assisting with the
administrative functions of the committee. Qualified applicants will have at least
one year of Hill experience as well as working knowledge of how Congressional
committees operate.
Candidates can email their resume to Blake.Comrie@mail.house.gov.

MEM-611-22

The Republican Staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a highly organized
and detail-oriented Committee Clerk.
Clerks are responsible for the preparation of all committee activities, such as
hearings and markups. Clerks ensure the committee is run efficiently by
maintaining and organizing all committee records as well as assisting with the
administrative functions of the committee. Qualified applicants will have at least
one year of Hill experience as well as working knowledge of how Congressional
committees operate.
Candidates can email their resume to Kiley.Bidelman@mail.house.gov.

MEM-610-22

The Republican Staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a Staff Assistant
to perform administrative functions, research projects, and other special
assignments.
Ideal candidates will have previous Hill experience and be knowledgeable about
or interested in the Judiciary Committee. The ideal candidate will possess strong
Page 10 of 28

research and writing skills, a demonstrated attention to detail, the ability to
multitask in a fast-paced environment, work well on teams, and be willing to
accomplish a variety of assignments quickly and effectively.
Candidates can email their resume to Kiley.Bidelman@mail.house.gov.
MEM-609-22

The House Armed Services Committee (HASC) is seeking to hire Research
Assistants. These positions will support both the majority and minority staff.
A successful applicant must have a positive attitude and a genuine desire to serve
men and women in uniform. Applicants must possess strong communication,
organizational, legislative research, and writing skills.
Job requirements include:
•The ability to work collaboratively with majority and minority staff and
Department of Defense officials.
•Assist in committee legislative operations, including monitoring activity in
assigned areas, substantive preparation for hearings, and assisting with markups.
•Assist with oversight and investigations.
•Conduct research, draft correspondence and memoranda, and perform similar
duties as assigned.
•Perform administrative duties related to assigned work.
Applicants must be eligible to obtain and hold a Top Secret security clearance
and comply with all applicable House and Committee security policies.
Application Instructions: Applicants should submit a cover letter and resume in a
single pdf to HASCJobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.

MEM-608-22

The House Armed Services Committee (HASC) is seeking to hire an Office
Manager. This position will support both the majority and minority staff.
A successful applicant must have a positive attitude and a genuine desire to serve
men and women in uniform. Applicants must possess strong communication,
organizational, and managerial skills.
Job requirements include:
•The ability to work collaboratively with majority and minority staff and
Department of Defense officials.
•Perform Office Emergency Coordinator duties.
•Manage room schedules and overseeing room setups.
•Filing reports and correspondence.
•Purchase and maintain inventories of office supplies.
•Manage staff assistants and carry out other administrative duties.
Applicants must be eligible to obtain and hold a Top Secret security clearance
and comply with all applicable House and Committee security policies.
Page 11 of 28

Application Instructions: Applicants should submit a cover letter and resume in a
single pdf to HASCJobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please
MEM-607-22

The Office of Congresswoman Kim Schrier seeks an Outreach Representative
to serve as a community liaison to the 8th Congressional District. This position
will be based in Issaquah, WA.
The position will be responsible for managing an outreach portfolio on several
legislative topics, updating the Congresswoman and District Director on district
issues, coordinating meetings and events relating to the assigned areas, and acting
as a public representative for the Congresswoman. Additional responsibilities
include staffing the Congresswoman at local events, maintaining robust and
effective communication with constituents, stakeholders, elected officials, and
staff in the district and Washington, D.C. offices.
Prior experience working for Congress or elected officials is preferred.
Candidates should demonstrate a strong commitment to public service; ability to
work as a part of a dynamic team; excellent oral and written communication
skills; thoroughness and careful attention to detail; ability to exercise discretion
and independent judgment; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with
others in a fast-paced office; and basic knowledge of federal agencies and the
political process.
Knowledge of the Eighth Congressional District is desired. A valid Washington
State Driver’s License and access to a reliable vehicle is required, as this job will
involve travel around the district (with reimbursable mileage). Proficiency in a
second language is a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and
encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
To be considered, please submit a cover letter and resume with references
to WA08Resumes@gmail.com with “Outreach Representative” in the subject
line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

MEM-606-22

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks an experienced, detail-oriented,
creative individual with excellent writing and communication skills for a Field
Representative position in his Austin district office.
Bachelor’s degree, good interpersonal skills, and strong work ethic required;
experience in field work or organizing strongly preferred. Strong Austin ties a
plus. Please send cover letter, resume, writing sample, and three references by
email to jocelyn.tau@mail.house.gov.
No calls or walk-ins please.

Page 12 of 28

MEM-605-22

STAFF ASSISTANT
Rep. Jake Auchincloss has an immediate need to hire a Staff Assistant for the
Washington, DC office in a full-time capacity.
The Staff Assistant will be expected to manage the intern program, manage the
front desk during office hours, handle all tour requests, fulfill flag requests,
support the district office with administrative office needs, and assist the DC
office staff with work as assigned. Staff Assistants often provide the first
impression of the office to constituents, guests, and other VIPs.
The ideal candidate should have excellent attention to detail, a strong work ethic
and communication skills, process driven, an eagerness to learn and grow within
the office, and a desire to be part of a highly-collaborative, high-achieving team.
The position is full time with federal benefits, including student loan repayment
program (if eligible) and transit or parking benefits.
Job Duties:
•Manages the intern program, including hiring, onboarding, and supervising all
DC interns.
•Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the office to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs
•Handles incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness
•Captures input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response
•Works closely with the Member’s Director of Operations to ensure appointments
are on time
•Organizes and manages tasks for constituents to include flag requests, providing
tours of the Capitol, and arranging visits to other national landmarks
•And other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Effective communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the office required
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
required
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
required
•Attention to detail
•Willingness to learn
Preferences:
•Ties to the district are strongly preferred

Page 13 of 28

•Prior constituent service or customer relationship management preferred
•A demonstrated interest in public service
To apply:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, writing
sample, and references to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Staff Assistant- [applicant’s last name]”. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), national
origin, age, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other
characteristic protected by applicable law. Our office encourages candidates of
diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-604-22

Job Description – Communications Director
The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced, creative, and highly motivated Communications Director to lead
media and strategy efforts for her Washington, D.C. and Seattle, WA offices.
An ideal candidate will:
●Possess strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to
multitask while thriving in a fast-paced setting under tight deadlines;
●Have experience working directly with local and national reporters, bookers,
and other members of the media to proactively pitch stories and respond to
inquiries;
● Think strategically and creatively while designing, implementing, and
evaluating both short and long-term communications plans in addition to leading
rapid response efforts;
●Have a proven track record of writing in the voice of a principal (op-eds,
speeches, statements, messaging, talking points, digital content, etc.) and
explaining policy issues in ways that people can easily understand;
●Know how to operate directly with a principal and collaboratively across
departments while demonstrating experience managing a team;
●Understand the digital media landscape and current digital trends, with
experience overseeing a digital program;
●Have a strong record of advocating for progressive values;
●Be willing to staff the Congresswoman for press, and work weekends and
irregular hours.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Developing and executing the office’s communications strategy for Capitol Hill
and WA-07, including national and local press, messaging, writing, events, and
digital;
●Working directly with the Congresswoman to prepare and staff her for
interviews, speeches, press conferences, public events, roundtables, and other
Page 14 of 28

opportunities;
● Building and sustaining strong relationships with local and national reporters
(including Capitol Hill reporters, local reporters, and issue-specific reporters at
national outlets), editors, columnists, producers, bookers, and advocacy groups;
●Proactively and strategically engaging in media outreach, including pitching
reporters while also fielding and responding to press inquiries at the local and
national levels;
●Serving as the spokesperson (on the record, on background, and off the record)
for the Congresswoman;
●Drafting written materials including press statements, quotes, speeches,
remarks, op-eds, press releases and advisories, and talking points;
●Designing creative plans to effectively roll out legislation, letters, and other
policy initiatives that include press components, and events;
●Overseeing a robust, aggressive, engaging, and data-driven online
communications program;
●Supervising and partnering with the Digital Director, who manages all digital
and online
content, to maintain strategic messaging across official channels while
collaborating with Progressive Caucus staff;
●Working collaboratively with the District Office to ensure a consistently strong
local/state media presence while collaborating with the legislative team on a daily
basis;
● Participating in the senior team along with the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of
Staff, District Director and Legislative Director.
This is a senior level position. Applicants must have a proven track record of
working with the press, and a minimum of two years of experience as a press
secretary or communications director is required. Previous experience on
campaigns (political, legislative, or issue-based) and on Capitol Hill is preferred.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include the following in their application:
●Résumé
●Cover letter
●Three writing samples including an op-ed or speech and a statement
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-603-22

Congresswoman Judy Chu (CA-27) seeks an organized and creative
communications professional to join the Washington, D.C. team.

Page 15 of 28

The Press Assistant/Digital Manager will assist the Communications Director
in all aspects of the office’s robust communications operation for an active
member and CAPAC Chair. The Press Assistant/Digital Manager will be
responsible for managing and creating content for member’s social media
platforms and website; graphic design; video filming and editing; daily press
clips; managing in-district media relations, drafting releases, newsletters, video
scripts, talking points and advisories; and organizing and staffing press events.
The ideal candidate will be creative, take initiative, have a strong proficiency in
crafting digital content, experience coordinating with media, and be a detailoriented team player able to solve problems and handle multiple tasks at once.
Successful candidates can use Adobe Creative Suite programs like Photoshop,
Premiere, and Illustrator; and understand graphic design, video production, and
photography (including use of professional equipment).
Qualified candidates will have at least one to two years of political, campaign or
advocacy communications experience. California ties are a plus.
Interested applicants should e-mail 1) a resume, 2) a cover letter, 3) two brief
writing samples, and 4) a digital portfolio in one PDF document
to CA27jobs@gmail.com with the subject “Press Assistant/Digital Manager:
LAST NAME.”
This position is based in our Washington D.C. Office with flexible remote work
options on non-session days. Salary is $50,000-60,000, commensurate with
experience.
The office prioritizes building a diverse team; women, people of color, LGBTQ+
people, Veterans, and members of other minority or marginalized groups are
strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls or drop-ins
MEM-602-22

Senior Midwestern Appropriator seeks an experienced and motivated
Communications Director for their fast-paced, collaborative, Washington, D.C.
office.
The Communications Director is responsible for leading the development of the
Member’s message, working closely with local and national media, and devising
creative avenues through which to convey the Member’s accomplishments and
priorities.
Key responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
1.Managing local and national media relationships, responding on the record to
requests, and coordinating interviews
2.Drafting and issuing press releases
3.Monitoring the news and flagging relevant press and clips for the Member
4.Crafting talking points, speeches, and background memos for events
Page 16 of 28

5.Overseeing social media platforms
Key skills and knowledge include:
1.Strong oral and written communications skills
2.Creativity, good-judgement, and the ability to think quickly and work
collaboratively
3.Thorough attention to detail and an interest in thinking outside the box
4.Understanding of local and national political issues
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least two years of
relevant communications experience and be well-versed in producing content for
print, broadcast, and online media. Qualified candidates will have a strong
understanding of the legislative process and congressional issues. Hill experience
preferred but not required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Diverse candidates are encouraged
to apply. Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and writing
sample to midwestern.resume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-601-22

The Office of Congresswoman Stacey E. Plaskett, member of the Agriculture
Committee and Ways and Means Committee is seeking an experienced
Scheduler/Director of Operations to join a fast paced and dynamic team in the
Washington, DC office.
Candidates must have at least 1 year scheduling experience for a Member of
Congress exceptional organizational skills, attention to detail, and an ability to
manage competing demands. Scheduler will be expected to manage conflicting
requests, anticipate Member’s needs when balancing multiple tasks and exercise
sound judgment when scheduling meetings, events, and travel. Effective and
confident communication skills are required. Capitol Hill or other relevant
administrative, operations, or scheduling experience is strongly preferred. Start
date for successful candidate is within the December/early January timeframe.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Maintaining and managing the Member’s daily and long-term DC, district, and
national schedule.
•Responding to all incoming meeting and scheduling requests.
•Coordinating travel and booking flight and lodging reservations for Member and
staff.
•Communicating key information and scheduling changes to the Member, staff,
and effected stakeholders in a timely and efficient manner.
•Overseeing coordination with other Member offices, Committee staff,
Leadership offices, the White House, and Executive Departments and federal
agencies.
•Coordinating with the District Director and district staff on scheduling in-district
Page 17 of 28

events.
•Compiling the Congresswoman’s daily briefing materials and coordinating with
legislative and press staff on materials needed for meetings and events.
•Coordinating with campaign and non-official staff on political scheduling
requests and the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation (CBCF).
•Assisting the Chief of Staff, Legislative Correspondent, and Staff Assistant with
office operations.
•Other duties, as assigned, including serving as a secondary driver on an as
needed basis.
• Transportation not required but preferred to facilitate driving Member in DC.
• The position requires flexible hours and availability by phone as needed.
Salary will be commensurate with experience. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age, disability,
military status, marital or parental status.
Qualified candidates should submit their applications (resume, cover letter,
references, and three writing samples) to VI.Resume@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler/Director of Operations” in the subject line.
No calls please. Individuals selected for an interview will be contacted.
MEM-600-22

IMMIGRATION CASEWORKER (NEW YORK DISTRICT OFFICE)
Rep. Adriano Espaillat (NY-13) seeks an organized, knowledgeable, and
passionate professional to join the District Office team. Successful candidates
will be collaborative team players who enjoy taking initiative, solving problems,
and thinking creatively. New York City ties are a plus. This is a Full-time
position. This is not an entry-level position.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Works closely with the Congressman, Chief of Staff and District Director to
provide constituent services
• Serves as a representative on behalf of the Member to respond to local
immigration updates
• Stays informed about relevant immigration issues in the district
• Provides constituent assistance, answer related casework correspondence, and
provide regular updated communications with constituents
• Acts as a liaison to federal government entities and immigration agencies on
behalf of constituents
• Evaluates casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or
Congressional oversight, and advises accordingly
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
• Local, state, or congressional work experience and prior immigration casework
and/or immigration related services experience
Page 18 of 28

• Bilingual and speak English and Spanish fluently
• NY-13 District, or NYC ties are a plus
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
• Prioritizes and manages multiple tasks under tight deadlines
• Ability to work well under pressure, manage multiple deadlines and accept
performance-based criticism and direction
SALARY & COMPENSATION: $60,000+ annually depending on experience
plus bonus. Full package includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan
payment (terms apply), and paid family leave.
WORKING CONDITIONS: Our office has been modified to meet COVID-19
facility requirements and constituent meetings are held by appointment only.
HOW TO APPLY: Please submit your resume
to espaillat_jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Immigration
Caseworker”.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-599-22

DIGITAL MEDIA MANAGER
REPORTS TO: Communications Director
Rep. Adriano Espaillat (NY-13) seeks a Digital Media Manager based in his
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include: managing the Congressman’s
social media pages, writing engaging social copy, and making creative digital
content, including graphics and videos.
Additional responsibilities include maintaining the Congressman’s website,
compiling daily press clips, managing the Office’s constituent correspondence
program, running virtual discussions and livestreams across social media
platforms, and supporting the Communications Director by drafting written
materials (press releases, statements, e-Newsletters, etc.) as assigned.
The ideal candidate will also have experience making graphics and videos with
Adobe Creative Suite or similar software, be proactive, detail-oriented and
possess strong written and verbal communication skills.
SALARY & COMPENSATION: $65,000+ annually based on experience plus
bonus. Full package includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan
payment (terms apply), and paid family leave.

Page 19 of 28

WORKING CONDITIONS: Our office has been modified to meet COVID-19
facility requirements and constituent meetings are held by appointment only.
HOW TO APPLY: Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume,
and a portfolio of writing and digital samples (including graphics)
to Espaillat.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Digital Media Manager”.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. We value diversity, equity and inclusion, and strongly encourages
candidates to apply who have relevant lived experience and/or have been directly
impacted by the Congressman’s policy portfolio. Candidates with New York City
ties and Spanish fluency are highly encouraged to apply.
MEM-596-22

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) seeks an experienced
individual to serve as his Director of Operations.
This individual will also serve as the Office Manager and Intern Coordinator.
Position duties include, but are not limited to: maintaining Member’s
Washington, DC calendar, managing all incoming meeting requests and
invitations, coordinating travel and logistics, processing office invoices for
vendor payment, maintaining stock of office supplies, overseeing the day-to-day
operations of the office, processing/scheduling all incoming tour requests,
managing the office’s internship program, and other duties as required.
Applicants should be well-organized, possess a keen attention to detail, work well
in a fast-paced environment, and have strong interpersonal skills. Commensurate
with experience. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
Please submit resume and cover letter to gopwesternjobs1776@gmail.com

MEM-595-22

Senior Legislative Assistant or Counsel – Financial Services
Senior Democratic House Member seeking to hire Legislative Assistant to
manage and support the Member’s responsibilities for the House Financial
Services Committee, which will likely include serving as the top Democrat on a
subcommittee of the FSC.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience in financial services issues.
Other areas of responsibility may include consumer protection, small business,
tax, in addition to supporting the member’s assignment to the Committee on
Financial Services. Experience with Wall Street regulation a major plus.
Responsibilities include monitoring and drafting legislation, representing the
Member in meetings/briefings, preparing materials for committee hearings and

Page 20 of 28

markups, maintaining relationships with advocacy groups, interfacing with
government agencies, and other tasks and assignments as needed.
The successful candidate will possess excellent writing written and oral
communication skills, a solid understanding of the legislative process, and a
proven ability to work effectively in a fast-paced office. Law degree/bar
membership a plus, but not required. This is a mid- to senior-level position in the
office.
Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to congressjob2022@gmail.com
MEM-591-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks highly-motivated, detailoriented Staff Assistant with excellent written and oral communication skills for
DC office.
Responsibilities include: driving the Member, general reception duty, handling
tour and flag requests, processing constituent correspondence, addressing
constituent matters, assist in managing interns, and assisting the Member and
staff in all functions of the office.
Daily access to an automobile preferred – with a valid driver’s license and good
driving record.
Previous Hill experience as an intern or staff assistant preferred but not necessary.
Southern California ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two references with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-590-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
Page 21 of 28

media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill, and fluency in Spanish is preferred. They
must be highly organized, proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political
judgment and instincts, and possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading
skills.
• Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
• Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
• Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-587-22

The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director.
The LD will help drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing
and implementing the strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals;
supervise and mentor the legislative staff while advising on the
Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own legislative
portfolio, which will include work on the Black Maternal Health Caucus.

Page 22 of 28

The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior
leadership team to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall
operations. The LD will also help ensure coordination between DC and district
offices on important legislative updates and district-based events and projects.
This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill experience and knowledge of
the legislative process are required. The successful applicant will have crisp and
thorough written and oral communications skills, an entrepreneurial and selfstarting attitude, strong attention to detail, creativity, and be a team player.
Supervisory experience and expertise on healthcare policy is strongly preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov.
Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with North
Carolina ties. Due to the volume of applications, we receive, we will only contact
you if we decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct
emails, or walk-ins.
MEM-586-22

Legislative Assistant
Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant
to join her Washington, D.C.-based legislative team. The Legislative Assistant
will help implement the Member’s agenda within the Appropriations Committee
and across authorizing committees, and manage a portfolio including but not
limited to health care, transportation, and infrastructure issues.
This is not an entry-level position and sound policy judgement is required.
Candidate should have a strong track record of translating policy priorities into
successful legislative outcomes and developing proactive relationships with onand off-Hill stakeholders. Candidate will be expected to frequently brief and staff
the Member and demonstrate strong verbal communication skills.
Candidate should also be coachable, responsive to feedback, and enjoy working
in a team-first, collaborative work environment. Candidate will work directly
with the Congresswoman, Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and intra- and
inter-departmental peers to advance the Congresswoman’s authorizing and
appropriations priorities. Nevada ties are a plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
Page 23 of 28

discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply send in PDF format a resume, cover letter, writing sample of 1,000
words or fewer, and three references (including name, current title and
organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Assistant.”
MEM-585-22

DC Scheduler
Congresswoman Susie Lee (D-NV) seeks a highly organized, good-humored,
hard-working Scheduler to develop, coordinate, and manage all aspects of the
Member’s daily and long-term schedule and logistics in DC.
The DC Scheduler will report to the Chief of Staff and work closely with the
Member, DC staff, and District staff, including a District-based scheduler
responsible for in-district scheduling. The ideal candidate will have prior
scheduling experience on the Hill, and salary is commensurate with experience.
This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
invitations and scheduling requests, coordinating travel for the Member,
compiling the Congresswoman’s nightly briefing materials, and providing
operational support for the office, including but not limited to facilitating
Member to Member and stakeholder outreach, coordinating internal and external
events, and assisting with onboarding process for staff and interns.
Strong candidates will have excellent attention to detail, communicate quickly
and effectively both internally and externally, strong conflict-resolution skills,
and thrive in a fast-paced work environment. The position requires the ability to
multi-task, work well under pressure, and the flexibility to be responsive to
urgent scheduling needs on nights and weekends.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Candidates should submit in PDF format a resume, cover letter, writing sample of
1,000 words or fewer, and three references (including name, title and
organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the candidate)
to nv03resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: “Full Name – DC
Scheduler.”

Page 24 of 28

MEM-583-22

The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking an experienced
Legislative Assistant to manage his telecommunication, transportation, and
Natural Resources Committee issue portfolio.
The ideal candidate is a current Legislative Assistant who has been a full-time
LA for 2+ years, and has handled appropriations requests, staffed committee
assignments, and has a proven legislative track record for their Member.
Experience working with other Member offices, advocacy groups, industry
associations, etc., with the goal of creating a successful coalition to pass a
bill/amendment, is preferable. Given that this position works closely with district
issues and district stakeholders, the person who fills this position must have a
self-starter mentality and strong interpersonal skills. This position will be highly
involved in the telecommunications policy area, including managing the
Member’s responsibilities on the Rural Broadband Caucus and Rural Broadband
Task Force.
The position will also be expected to work routinely with state and federal
transportation stakeholders to address the unique transportation issues of the
district, which require an independent approach to addressing the issues and
curating solutions. The ideal candidate needs to be self-motivated and possess the
ability to take proactive and creative initiative on assigned policy areas.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to Carolyn.King@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject
line.

MEM-582-22

Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s District Office has an immediate need to hire a
full-time Field Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team in Orange County.
Basic Functions
The Field Representative serves an important role in the Member’s Congressional
District, acting as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents. They are responsible for strengthening community
relations and assessing casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or
Congressional oversight.
Duties
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative briefs the Member in preparation for district meetings with
constituents and acts as the representative for the Member by attending events
and meetings. This includes public speaking and certificate presentations.
The Field Representative will:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
Page 25 of 28

•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
•Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
•Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
Requirements
•Expertise developing and executing a community relations strategy
•Experience in maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders
•Political savvy and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible scheduling, including nights and
weekends
•Constituent service oriented; patient empathetic, and desire to help constituents
Position Qualifications/Education
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public
service and familiarity with Orange County is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline
Salary range is $49,000-$57,000. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to
Stephanie Hu, District Director, Office of Congresswoman
Steel Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-575-22

Senior Legislative Assistant: Congressman Mark DeSaulnier (D-CA), member
of the Education and Labor Committee and Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee, seeks a Senior Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse legislative
portfolio including committee work.
Duties include identifying and advancing policy proposals, committee hearing
and mark-up preparation and staffing, building relationships with district and
federal stakeholders and advocacy organizations as well as agency and
congressional staff, briefing the Congressman and drafting legislative memos,
policy background, and constituent correspondence. Title is negotiable based on
candidate’s experience.

Page 26 of 28

Ideal candidate will be a strategic, detail-oriented thinker with experience
formulating and advancing legislation. Successful applicants will have excellent
organizational, research, writing, and communication skills, and have working
knowledge of House processes and procedures.
Candidates should possess the ability to concisely communicate and have strong
time management skills and a willingness to work in a team environment.
Knowledge of California a plus. This is not an entry level position -- prior
legislative experience on Capitol Hill is preferred.
Office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation. Candidates from
diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should send resume and cover letter
to DeSaulnierResumes@gmail.com.
MEM-550-22

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public.
The Policy Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
Page 27 of 28

and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player. This is
not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-546-22

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced and well-organized Scheduler for the Representative’s Washington,
D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
● Developing, coordinating, and managing all aspects of the Representative’s
daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the district, as well as tracking,
evaluating, and responding to all invitations and scheduling requests;
● Coordinating all travel for the Representative and her staff and other logistical
support tasks as required;
● Working closely with and supporting the Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of
Staff/District Director, Legislative Director and Communications Director to
ensure smooth daily schedules and operations.
The ideal candidate will be:
● Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
● A hard worker with excellent attention to detail;
● Adept at juggling complex schedules, competing priorities;
● Able to anticipate problems, seek solutions, and effectively communicate them
to the Representative and her staff;
● Able to work long hours, including some nights and weekends;
● Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter, and
references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

Page 28 of 28

