House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 10, 2017

MEM-192-17

Republican office seeks a motivated individual for the role of Staff Assistant.
Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering phones, scheduling and
leading tours, and responding to constituent requests for general information
and other inquiries. This position requires oversight in maintaining the front
office and assisting with various administrative duties. The Staff Assistant must
maintain a good relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents. He or
she must be willing accept performance based criticism and direction while
working well under pressure. As with any job on Capitol Hill, the applicant
must be open to having a flexible schedule. Salary is commensurate with
experience. Previous Hill experience and ties to Virginia preferred but not
required. Please send cover letter, résumé, and any recommendations to
GOPapplicant@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-191-17

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant
for the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include managing the
Congressman’s D.C. schedule, tracking and responding to invitations, and
maintaining accurate lists of annual meetings and long-term planning. The
Page 1 of 6

Scheduler/EA is also responsible for management of the intern program and
junior staff, vouchering, reimbursements and budget tracking. The position
will also involve management of office equipment and purchasing. Please
send cover letter and resume to dcscheduler1@gmail.com. Salary
commensurate with experience.
LC-001-17

The Office of the Legislative Counsel is a nonpartisan office of the United
States House of Representatives that assists the Members and committees of
the House with the drafting of legislation. The Office does not advocate the
adoption or rejection of any particular proposal or policy and provides
assistance on an impartial and confidential basis. The Office is an Equal
Opportunity Employer. Employment with the Office is at-will.
Major Duties
The Legislative Research Analyst I in the Office of the Legislative Counsel
is responsible for carrying out the following:
• Prepare comparative prints for the Office and the House using specialized
software to show changes that bills make to laws and amendments make
to bills, and changes between versions of the same document.
• Manage and update a database of Public Laws and compilations of
Federal laws.
• Research provisions of Federal law and its amendatory history to compile
the amendments made to the Federal law into the up-to-date form of the
Federal law.
• Advise attorneys in the Office on technical amendatory issues arising in
legislative drafts.
• Work cooperatively with teams both inside and outside of the Office in
the development, improvement, and testing of specialized software used
by the Office to carry out the duties of this position.
• Perform additional tasks as needed.
Requirements
• Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience.
• Knowledge of, and experience with, various information and office
systems, including word processing, email, spreadsheet, and database.
• Ability to work both independently and in teams.
• Ability to work with short deadlines and handle multiple, ongoing projects
while providing high quality results.
• Ability to focus on the task at hand.
• Excellent written and oral communication skills, including command of
English grammar, spelling, and punctuation.
• Able technically to participate in software development and improvement.
• Willingness to learn and ask questions.
• Willingness periodically to work longer than a normal workday and on
weekends.
• Experience working with XML is a plus.
Page 2 of 6

•
•

Experience using legislative research tools, including Congress.gov and
UScode.house.gov, is a plus.
Knowledge of copy editing is a plus.

Applicant Instructions: Interested applicants should email a resume, cover
letter, and references to legcoun@mail.house.gov with Legislative Research
Analyst I job opportunity in the subject line. No phone calls, please.
MEM-188-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a systems manager for his
Washington office. Texas contacts a plus. Excellent technical, written, and
oral communication skills required. Send resume, brief writing sample, and
three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use title on your email:
Systems Manager Application. No drop-ins please

MEM-180-17

Congresswoman Alma Adams seeks a District Liaison for her Charlotte, NC
district office. Successful candidates will have familiarity with federal
agencies, excellent written and oral communication skills, the ability to
exercise discretion and independent judgment, and will be teamoriented. Additionally, a strong knowledge or connection to Mecklenburg
County is a plus. Core responsibilities include answering casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents, managing and
navigating constituents’ casework through federal agencies, attending and
participating in community meetings and events, including some evenings and
weekends, and assessing casework and community activities for matters
warranting legislative action.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter and resume to
nc12scheduler@mail.house.gov.

MEM-176-17

House Republican seeks qualified Legislative Assistant to oversee various
issues including health care, education, oversight, and social issues, etc. The
Legislative Assistant, together with legislative staff advises the Congressman
on all legislative areas. This position assists in the development of policy,
communications and legislative initiatives. Excellent writing and
communication skills required.
Desirable Skills
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization
and procedures;
• Ability to perform essential job functions above;
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
• Provides necessary organization, leadership and motivation to excel in
given tasks;
• Excellent oral and written communications skills;
Required Certifications
Page 3 of 6

2 years Hill experience required with strong knowledge of health care issues.
Please send resumes to: employment1776@gmail.com.
MEM-175-17

South Florida Progressive Democrat seeks a District Director to oversee all
outreach and constituent services within the district. This individual will: act
as the Member's primary liaison to all government, community and constituent
groups and civic leaders; monitor developments, opinions and concerns in the
district and update the Member accordingly; attend civic meetings, community
gatherings, and other events, representing the Member when needed; direct the
work of district outreach, case managers and other district staff in support of
the office’s outreach plan; as well as other administrative and management
duties assigned.
The ideal candidate will have excellent oral and written communications skills,
demonstrate initiative, including a proven capability to generate new ideas, and
the ability to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment.
Qualified applicants will have several years of experience in government
and/or community outreach, media relations, solid ties to the district and
South Florida, and a strong knowledge of local issues, geography and
demographics. Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter, resume,
references, to repdwsresumes@gmail.com with the subject line “District
Director.” No phone calls or drop-bys, please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or
sexual orientation.

MEM-173-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a senior legislative aide with a
minimum of three years of Hill experience. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Advanced degree a
plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three references to
DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use title on your email: Senior LA
Position. No drop-ins please.

MEM-172-17

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a
health care professional with expert knowledge of health care quality and
safety, care coordination, integrated health care systems, and health care
administration. This position involves examining agency health care
activities and composing analytical documents and policy recommendations
in an extremely fast-paced environment. The ideal candidate will have
developed this experience in a clinical setting (specializing in care
coordination or health care informatics), with strong analytical skills and
management experience. A health care-related investigatory background is
preferred, but not required. Veterans with requisite experience are strongly
encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send their (1) cover letter,
(2) resume, (3) references, and (4) writing sample of a clinical, analytical, or
Page 4 of 6

policy nature to VAR.Resumes@Mail.house.gov with “Health Care
Investigator” in the subject line. No walk-ins, please.
MEM-169-17

Senior member of House Oversight & Government Reform Committee seeks
a Senior Legislative Assistant to handle the full committee and relevant
portfolio of legislative issues. Candidates must have a minimum of 2 years of
experience at the Legislative or Senior Legislative Assistant level.
Additionally, candidates must have a track record of drafting bills and
amendments. This is not an entry-level position. Please email resume and
cover letter to mi14district@gmail.com.

MEM-168-17

Pacific Northwest Democrat seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities included managing and maintaining
the Member’s daily and long-term calendar both in the district and in D.C.,
working with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between
commitments, ensure the Member is provided with briefing materials for each
event and meeting, driving the member to events, and performing other duties
as required. Capitol Hill and/or executive assistant experience preferred. A
driver’s license is required. PNW ties are a plus.
The ideal candidate would be detail-oriented, able to juggle multiple tasks at
once, have excellent interpersonal skills, be a problem solver, and understand
the logistics of travel among various time zones. Position can involve long
hours and availability by phone on weekends and evenings.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume to
Heck.Resumes@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins or phone calls.

MEM-145-17

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative assistant focused on economics to join our
Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. He or she will be
expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues, including budget and
appropriations, commerce, defense, housing, social welfare, and taxation.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. He or she must
demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom,
the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Page 5 of 6

Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. A degree in economics or at least
two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience
is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
This job opportunity was first posted late last year, but no interviews were
conducted. Previous applicants still interested in this opportunity should
resubmit their materials, as previous submissions will not be considered.

Page 6 of 6

