________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 8, 2021

MEM-036-21

The Democratic staff of the House Natural Resources Committee (HNRC) seeks
an organized, enthusiastic, and detail-oriented Staff Assistant (SA). Candidates
should be passionate about issues within the Natural Resources Committee’s
jurisdiction, possess basic knowledge of the Committee process, have excellent
time management and multitasking skills, and display an active willingness to
learn.
The SA for the Democratic staff of the Natural Resources Committee oversees
day to day administrative duties, carrying out miscellaneous projects for senior
staff, corresponding with constituents, and serving as Intern Coordinator. The SA
will work directly with the Counsel’s Office, the Director of Legislative
Operations, and the Chief Clerk to track legislation, prepare for Committee
meetings, and create reference materials for staff and Members of Congress.
Preferred qualifications: Candidate demonstrates an awareness and sensitivity to
the needs and concerns of individuals from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and
orientations. Understands how HNRC issues intersect with racism, economic and
social inequality in the U.S. and is passionate about working to dismantle these
systems. Contributes to recruiting, hiring, developing, and retaining a diverse and
inclusive workforce.
Full job description and instructions on how to apply can be found
here: https://naturalresources.house.gov/contact/job-postings
Page 1 of 8

MEM-035-21

Legislative Assistant - Congressman Mark DeSaulnier (D-CA) seeks a
Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse portfolio of issues. Candidates should
have excellent research, writing, and communication skills. Duties include
identifying and advancing policy proposals, committee hearing and mark-up
preparation, meetings with stakeholders, and assisting with constituent
correspondence.
Successful candidates should possess strong interpersonal skills and a willingness
to work in a team environment. This is not an entry level position and prior
legislative experience on Capitol Hill is required. California ties preferred. Office
is an equal opportunity employer.
Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
to DeSaulnierLegAssistant@gmail.com

MEM-034-21

STAFF ASSISTANT – Progressive Northeastern House Democrat seeks Staff
Assistant for Capitol Hill office front desk duties (currently remotely executed),
including answering phones, having initial contact with constituents, managing
D.C. office interns, processing flag and tour requests, and other office-supporting
administrative tasks. Helping the Legislative Correspondent with letter-writing is
also a significant part of the job.
Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and a brief writing sample
(1-2 pages) to democratic.hilljob@gmail.com. Office is an Equal Opportunity
Employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment. Women and candidates of color are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-033-21

Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18), a member of the House
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (HPSCI) and member of House
leadership, seeks an aggressive and detail-oriented communications director to
serve in his Washington, D.C. office.
The position will manage or oversee all aspects of a busy and proactive
communications shop by writing press releases, advisories, statements; serving as
the Member’s spokesperson; managing communications strategy; and developing
relationships with members of the local, state, and national media.
The position also manages a digital staffer, legislative correspondent, and press
fellow. This is not an entry level position. Candidates should have at least three
years of previous political communications experience, relationships with the
Congressional press corps and familiarity with national security and
transportation issues are encouraged. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages people of all identity groups to apply.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, writing samples, and

Page 2 of 8

professional references to ny18resumes@gmail.com.
MEM-032-21

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff, seeks a Professional
Staff Member for the Health Subcommittee to work on issues within the
subcommittee’s public health jurisdiction. This is not an entry level position.
Responsibilities will be leading a public health issue portfolio, including drafting
and negotiating public health legislation, preparing for hearings and markups,
writing letters and talking points, preparing background materials for Members
and staff, and supporting Members of the Committee.
Qualified candidates must have at least 4 years of health policy-related
experience and be knowledgeable in public health issues related to the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), National Institutes of Health (NIH),
Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA), and other public health
agencies and programs within the Committee’s jurisdiction.
Qualified candidates should also have a strong understanding of the Committee
process and procedures of the House of Representatives and an ability to perform
under short timelines and in a high-pressure environment while juggling
competing priorities. Excellent writing and analytical skills are required.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Please submit a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and at least two
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line Public
Health PSM Candidate.

MEM-029-21

Chairman Ro Khanna is seeking a staff director for the Subcommittee on
Environment, Committee on Oversight and Reform.
The staff director will manage a small team and be responsible for: developing an
oversight and investigation plan; holding periodic oversight hearings; conducting
investigations of governmental and non-governmental entities; drafting official
letters, memoranda and investigative reports; publicizing activities and
investigative findings; coordinating with the full committee.
Successful candidates will have a J.D. (preferred); experience with investigations
and/or enforcement actions in environmental protection, energy policy, and
sustainable development. Previous federal or state government experience is
preferred. In addition, candidates must have supervisory experience, excellent
oral and written communication skills, careful attention to detail, and availability
to work non-traditional hours on occasion. Digital and mass media experience is
a plus.
The jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes: global climate change;
environmental protection, public lands, endangered species, air and water quality;
Page 3 of 8

oceans; public health; conservation; international agreements; energy policy,
research and development; and oversight and legislative jurisdiction over
regulatory affairs and federal paperwork reduction. The Oversight and Reform
Committee is the principal oversight committee in the House of Representatives.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, veterans and
LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Please submit cover letter, resume and writing sample
to reprokhannaca17@gmail.com with the subject line as “Environment
Subcommittee Staff Director.”
MEM-026-21

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability
Assistance and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Attention to detail.
DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with full Committee hearings on matters within Subcommittee
jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
Page 4 of 8

•Reviewing the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and
other publications for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Minority agenda, briefing of Members, and
development of questions;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Drafting remarks for Ranking Member and suggested questions for hearing;
•Preparation of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee Ranking
Members on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Ranking
Member, Staff Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee
staff, as needed.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send résumés only to the following e-mail
address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “DAMA Republican Research
Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-025-21

POLICY ADVISOR – Congressman Jerry McNerney (CA-09) seeks an
experienced and proactive legislative staffer to handle the energy and
environment portfolio and his related work on the House Energy and Commerce
Committee and the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, in
addition to other issues.
This position offers many opportunities to help drive policy in areas that are
among the Congressman’s top priorities.
Responsibilities include crafting and advancing legislative initiatives, preparing
and staffing the Congressman for committee activity, meeting and working with
stakeholders, closely monitoring policy developments, and drafting talking
points, floor statements, press-related materials, and briefings.
Candidate must be detail-oriented, have excellent written, verbal, interpersonal,
and time management skills, and work well in a collaborative, fast-paced
environment.
This is not an entry-level position; candidates should have 3-5+ years of Capitol
Hill experience, including relevant legislative experience and a strong command
of energy and environmental issues.

Page 5 of 8

Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and California ties
are a plus. Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two
writing samples to McNerneyResumes@mail.house.gov.
MEM-024-21

Legislative Director
The Office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson seeks a legislative director.
Responsibilities will include advancing legislative priorities and supporting the
member’s work on the Education and Labor and Transportation and
Infrastructure committees.
The ideal candidate will have substantial experience working on a variety of
issues, including education, health, employment, labor, transportation,
appropriations, housing, and other issues affecting majority-minority
communities. Strong academic credentials, committee experience, and proven
leadership skills are required. Moreover, the candidate should possess strong oral
and written communication skills, the ability to work well under pressure,
extensive knowledge of the legislative process, and be available to work long
hours.
This is not an entry-level position; only candidates with previous Hill experience
and proven knowledge of legislative and political processes will be considered.
Law degree and previous experience serving as a legislative director or senior
policy staff are strongly preferred.
Minorities and candidates with Florida ties are encouraged to apply. Submit your
resume, cover letter, and three writing samples
to FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Director” in the
subject line.

MEM-021-21

The Committee on Energy and Commerce Majority is seeking a diligent,
energetic and creative person to serve as Counsel focusing on energy issues
within the Committee’s jurisdiction.
Responsibilities will include providing legal analyses, drafting legislation,
preparing hearings, staffing markups, writing memos and statements, and
coordinating with stakeholders and member offices.
Ideal candidates must have a law degree, demonstrate in-depth understanding of
energy policy issues, and possess some public policy experience. Knowledge of
issues within the jurisdiction of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and
the Department of Energy is particularly helpful. Strong writing skills are
essential.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample
to ecdenergyjobs@mail.house.gov. The Committee is an equal opportunity

Page 6 of 8

employer and strongly encourages minorities, women, veterans and LGBTQ
candidates to apply.
MEM-011-21

Congressman Dwight Evans (PA-03) – is seeking an individual with substantial
legislative, policy and staff management experience to join his team as
Legislative Director.
Responsibilities include managing and implementing the member's legislative
priorities and his work on the Ways and Means and Small Business Committees.
The Legislative Director will supervise a talented legislative staff, proactively
promote the office legislative and policy agenda, manage a personal legislative
issue portfolio and perform other duties as assigned.
Candidates must possess very strong communication, writing and analytical skills
as well as a demonstrated ability to manage and mentor staff. The candidate must
also demonstrate experience in strategic planning and have experience
formulating plans for advancing legislation. The ideal candidate will be highly
motivated, detail oriented, creative, resourceful and passionate about public
service. The candidate must have prior Hill experience beyond internships.
The candidate should also demonstrate excellent writing, verbal and
organizational skills. Ties to Philadelphia are a plus as well as familiarity with
health care, housing and small business federal policy.
Qualified applicants should email a resume, cover letter and two writing samples
to PA03.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director” in the subject
line.

MEM-010-21

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff (majority)
seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized staff assistant for fastpaced committee office.
Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front office such as receptionist
duties, answering phones, greeting visitors, ensuring that office and meeting
rooms are kept in order, supporting staff in preparations for committee events
such as hearings, markups, meetings, and events, delivering documents and
obtaining signatures on letters, training and supervising interns, handling and
sorting incoming mail, maintaining both digital and paper records and files,
maintaining office supplies and mastering basic equipment operations, assisting
other staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and other
duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, attention to detail, professionalism, exceptional time management skills,
and an ability to work collaboratively. All applicants will be considered without
regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
Page 7 of 8

status), gender identity, disability, or age. Hill experience preferred but not
required.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov
MEM-008-21

Midwestern Republican office is looking for a Legislative Assistant.
Responsibilities will include drafting and advancing legislation; preparing talking
points, vote recommendations, and other legislative materials; monitoring and
analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings; and representing the
Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.
Portfolio of issues will include Agriculture, Trade, Labor & Pensions, Energy &
Environment, and others as needed. Successful candidates must be proactive,
possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail, and be interested
in working in a fast-paced office environment. Candidates should have at least
one year of agriculture policy experience.
Interested applicants should email a resume and cover letter with Legislative
Assistant in the subject line to RepJobResume@gmail.com. No phone calls or
drop-ins.

Page 8 of 8

