________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 10, 2022

MEM-015-22

Committee Seeks Digital Director: The Democratic Staff of the House
Committee on Budget is seeking an experienced and motivated Digital Director
to join the Communications team.
The individual selected will have strong writing skills and the ability to translate
complex issues and topics for audiences across platforms and medias. This
position is based in Washington, D.C. and will work closely with the
Communications Director and help manage a Digital Press Secretary.
Responsibilities include developing and honing a proactive digital strategy,
crafting engaging content for all social media channels, creating social media
toolkits for the caucus as needed, developing graphics and videos, tracking social
media analytics, streaming live events, managing the committee’s website and
social media pages, and working with the Communications team to identify new
ways to engage with press and digital audiences. The position may require work
outside standard office hours.
This is not an entry level position. Qualified candidates will have at least 3 years
of digital experience, excellent writing skills, a keen attention to details,
proficiency in graphic design, an ability to leverage social media and news trends
to take advantage of opportunities for social engagement, and a passion for
thinking creatively about how to translate complex ideas into compelling visuals.

Page 1 of 15

Applicants should also have experience with Adobe programs (Photoshop,
Illustrator, LightRoom, Premiere Pro, Audition, and After Effects) and a working
knowledge of HTML. Ability to work well with others, manage competing
priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines are a must.
The starting salary for this position is $70,000 but is commensurate with
experience. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter describing their fit for the role, a
resume, a writing sample, and three digital work products to BudgetDemocrat.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Digital Director” in the subject line. No
calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-013-22

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Scheduler for her Washington,
DC office.
Primary responsibilities include managing the Member’s daily and long-term
schedule in DC and in the district; evaluating and responding to all incoming
meeting and event requests; booking travel; coordinating logistics for events;
communicating key information regarding the schedule to staff; working closely
with the Member and Chief of Staff to ensure smooth daily operations; and other
administrative duties as assigned. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, able
to multi-task, and have a positive attitude.
This is not an entry level position and previous scheduling experience is
preferred. Connecticut ties are a plus, but not required. Minority candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested parties should email a cover letter, resume, and two references in a
single PDF to ct05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: Full
name – Scheduler. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-011-22

Republican Natural Resource and Judiciary Member office seeking a
Communications Director to develop and lead a communications plan and
manage all media operations for the Member’s outreach and legislative items.
This includes but is not limited to pitching and booking local and national media.
Grow strong local and national press relations. Formulate talking points and
speeches. Create daily social media content, statements, press releases, media
advisories, radio ad scripts, op-eds, and the newsletter. Maintain updates to
Member’s website. Generate and oversee a communications budget strategy that
consists of digital ads, radio ads, mass mailers and telephone town halls.
The ideal candidate is detail-oriented, hands-on, a strong writer, a team player,
and can work under tight and simultaneously competing deadlines.
Page 2 of 15

Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to: ResumesOR@mail.house.gov
MEM-009-22

Congresswoman Katie Porter (CA-45) seeks a creative and hard-working
Legislative Director to coordinate and oversee the office’s legislative agenda,
advise the Member on legislative activities and lead our legislative team.
Qualified candidates must have a demonstrated ability to manage and mentor
staff, think strategically, work collaboratively, and have experience in
formulating strategic plans for advancing legislation. Extensive knowledge of
House legislative processes and procedures, excellent organization and
communication skills, and the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines
is required.
This position is based in Washington, DC with occasional required travel to the
district and reports to the Chief of Staff. This is not an entry-level position, JD
preferred.
Interested parties should email a resume, cover letter, and references
to ResumesCA45@mail.house.gov
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
•Manage and support legislative team
•Monitor House floor and Committee activity, including overseeing committee
questioning
•Serve as primary legislative liaison to House Leadership offices and CPC
•Manage legislative portfolio for the Congresswoman that includes campaign
finance, financial services, housing, consumer protection, antitrust, privacy,
technology, small business, and taxes
•Provide the Congresswoman with vote recommendations and manage all voting
decisions and voting processes
•Identify and pursue legislative opportunities for the Congresswoman, including
sponsoring or co-sponsoring bills and drafting and co-signing letters
•Draft constituent correspondence, oversight letters, op-eds, talking points,
legislation, and other written material related to issue area portfolio
•Communicate with the district staff to help them amplify legislative work locally
•Support the District Office in writing speeches and memos for in-district events
•Review and approve legislative correspondence written by the Legislative
Correspondent and Staff Assistant
•Project manage projects and events, including in district and in issue portfolio
•Ability to work irregular hours and weekends, as needed, to accommodate the
legislative calendar
•Other duties as assigned by the Chief of Staff
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
Page 3 of 15

expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, veterans, people of color, and LGBTQAI+ candidates
are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-008-22

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-53) is looking for a detailoriented, efficient, and ambitious Staff Assistant for the Washington, D.C.
office.
The primary responsibilities are driving and staffing the Congresswoman. Other
responsibilities include managing the front office – answering phones, greeting
visitors (when we are able), conducting and organizing tours (when we are able),
and supervising interns – as well as assisting the Director of Scheduling and
Operations with daily tasks, assisting with the office mail program, and other
administrative duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will have good judgment, common sense, a good sense of
humor, and solid writing skills. They will be able to anticipate the needs of the
principal and problem-solve on their feet. They will also be calm under pressure
and around elected officials.
This is not a 9-5 job; some nights and weekends will be required. Ties to San
Diego and bilingual skills are preferred; a valid driver’s license, daily access to a
vehicle, and a good driving record are required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume with “Jacobs - Staff
Assistant” in the subject line to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov by 5pm ET
on Wednesday, January 12, 2022. Priority will be given to earlier applications.
The Office of Congresswoman Jacobs is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status.

MEM-006-22

Congressman Dan Kildee seeks a full-time Staff Assistant in his Washington,
D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing the front office, greeting visitors, processing
tour and flag requests, filtering incoming mail and social media messages,
answering telephone calls and other constituent requests, supervising and
coordinating the internship program, assisting the Chief of Staff in their official
responsibilities, and other duties as assigned.
Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills, a selfstarting personality, a desire to continually learn, and an eagerness to work in a
collaborative office environment. Applicants should be detail-oriented and
possess strong organizational skills. Michigan ties are a plus.
Page 4 of 15

Please send a resume and cover letter to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com with the
subject line "Staff Assistant Application." Please no walk-ins or phone calls. This
office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages all qualified candidates to
apply.
MEM-005-22

Senior Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee is looking for an
experienced LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR/ECONOMIC POLICY ADVISOR
to handle the day-to-day management of the Member’s legislative portfolio as
well as issues including agriculture, appropriations, energy, financial services,
small business, taxation, telecommunication, and transportation.
Excellent knowledge of the legislative process and at least five years of Hill
experience in a policy-making role is required. Law degree preferred. Ideal
applicants also should be creative, proactive, and self-motivated; possess
outstanding writing, verbal, and interpersonal skills; and have the ability to
operate effectively under pressure and work well as part of a team.
Please send your resume, cover letter, and brief writing sample (no more than two
pages) to ga02.resume@mail.house.gov. Deadline for application is COB Friday,
January 14, 2021. This is NOT an entry-level position.

MEM-004-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks highly-motivated, detailoriented staff assistant with excellent written and oral communication skills for
DC office.
Primary responsibility is driving the member. Other responsibilities include;
general reception duty, handling tour and flag requests, processing constituent
correspondence, addressing constituent matters, assist in managing interns, and
assisting the Member and staff in all functions of the office.
A valid driver’s license, daily access to an automobile and a good driving record
are a necessity. Previous Hill experience as an intern or staff assistant preferred
but not necessary.
Southern California ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two references with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

Page 5 of 15

MEM-003-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated individual to assume the role of Press Secretary|Digital Director.
The person chosen for the position will work closely with the Communications
Director to develop and execute the Congresswoman’s long-term
communications plan. They will be charged with overseeing the communications
schedule, managing the Member’s digital media accounts, and working with local
and national reporters.
The Press Secretary|Digital Director will be responsible for a wide range of
critical functions, including developing original social media content, designing
graphics, editing and posting videos, maintaining the office’s website, and
managing media lists. Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director
with drafting news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds and other materials.
Qualified applicants must have strong writing, editing, proofreading skills and be
proficient in photography, video recording and editing. They must be detailoriented, news savvy and able to work in a fast-paced, demanding work setting -a sense of humor and ability to be a team player is a must.
Spanish fluency preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous experience in press or relevant social
media experience is required. Experience with Adobe Creative Cloud Products
are a plus. Southern California|Los Angeles ties are a plus.
Successful applicants will need to demonstrate their writing ability by completing
a writing and editing test.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter including salary requirements, and
two writing samples with “Press Secretary” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-002-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly talented and
motivated individual to serve as a Legislative Assistant|CHC Liaison in
Washington, DC House office - with the primary responsibilities of handling the
Member’s immigration, foreign affairs, military, and criminal justice, Homeland
Security Committee work, and serve as Member’s liaison to the Congressional
Hispanic Caucus (CHC). Candidates must have a proven record of proposing
legislation, developing amendments, and leading on letters.
Primary responsibilities include:
Page 6 of 15

•Drafting legislation and amendments and advancing them through various
legislative vehicles;
•Preparing hearing binders and questions for witnesses for Homeland Security
Committee hearings;
•Drafting talking points, vote recommendations and other materials;
•Monitoring and analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings,
news stories and other relevant info; and
•Representing the Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.
Candidates must have an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in a
fast-paced work environment. Strong organizational and time management skills,
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a keen attention to detail
are required.
Spanish language skills preferred. Southern California ties a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two references with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-001-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
Page 7 of 15

and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
• Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
• Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
• Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
• Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidate should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-596-21

Senior Midwest Democratic Member seeks a military legislative assistant to
manage the member’s defense, homeland security, foreign affairs, and other issue
areas as assigned.
Responsibilities include developing and planning legislative initiatives,
monitoring legislative developments in-portfolio, managing appropriations
requests, implementing a robust foreign affairs caucus presence, staffing
committee hearings and markups, drafting cosponsor and vote recommendations,
writing policy memos and talking points, working directly with stakeholders and
constituents, and other duties as necessary.
This is not an entry-level position, at least 3 years of Hill experience is required.
Experience in appropriations is highly preferred. Ohio connections a plus.
Candidates must have excellent written and verbal communication skills, be a
self-starter, and work well as part of a collaborative team in a fast-paced office.

Page 8 of 15

Interested applicants should e-mail 1) a resume, 2) a cover letter, and 3) a 1-2
page writing sample to midwestern.resume@mail.house.gov with the subject
“Kaptur MLA”.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, veterans, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-595-21

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-04), member of the
Committees on Ways and Means, Armed Services, and Budget seeks highly
motivated, experienced Legislative Assistant.
The Legislative Assistance will implement Member’s legislative agenda within
the Ways and Means Health, Social Security and WorkFam Subcommittees, as
well as manage a legislative portfolio including but not limited to immigration,
and labor.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•Drafting and analyzing legislation
•conducting research;
•drafting policy memo, talking points, and remarks;
•meeting with constituents and stakeholders; and staffing hearings
The ideal candidate must have:
•Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate effectively with
people from diverse racial, ethnic, socioeconomic, and gender backgrounds
•Strong analytical writing skills and oral communication skills
•Ambitious, collaborative, self-starting, creative, thorough and inquisitive
•Strong organizational skills and ability to manage multiple priorities at once
•Ability to work well independently and as a member of a highly integrated and
diverse team.
This is not and entry-level position; Hill experience is strongly preferred, but not
required, Nevada ties are preferred. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Individuals who can fluently read
and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other languages beside English are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applicants should send a resume, writing sample
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “NV-04 Legislative Assistant_Last name,
First name” in the subject line.

Page 9 of 15

MEM-594-21

Job Announcement: Field Representative
Southern California Republican Member of the House
Are you looking for an exciting and fast-paced career in public service? A
Southern California Republican has an immediate need to hire a full-time Field
Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to
join our high-energy team.
Basic Functions
The Field Representative serves an important role in the Member’s Congressional
District, acting as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents. They are responsible for strengthening community
relations and assessing casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or
Congressional oversight.
Duties
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative briefs the Member in preparation for district meetings with
constituents and acts as the representative for the Member by attending events
and meetings. This includes public speaking and certificate presentations. The
Field Representative will:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
•Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
•Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
Requirements
•Expertise developing and executing a community relations strategy
•Experience in maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders
•Political savvy and comfort navigating complicated situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including nights and
weekends
•Constituent service oriented; patient empathetic, with a desire to help
constituents
Position Qualifications/Education
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with Orange County is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline

Page 10 of 15

Salary starts at $3,500 per month. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to
Stephanie Hu, District Director
Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-591-21

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (D-CO) seeks a Deputy Communications
Director/Digital Director with extensive digital experience to be based in her
Washington, D.C. office.
The position reports directly to the Communications Director and is responsible
for assisting in all aspects of the press shop’s day-to-day responsibilities –
including, but not limited to: compiling daily news clips, drafting speeches,
talking points, op-eds, news releases and weekly newsletters, and pitching events
to members of the media. The position is also responsible for managing the
Congresswoman’s various social media accounts, developing creative new
content to enhance her social media presence, including graphics and videos, and
maintaining her website.
This is not an entry-level position, prior experience is required (2+ years of
experience working with various digital platforms, maintaining websites, and
managing social media accounts for a political candidate or elected official is
preferred). Colorado ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to DeGette.Employment@mail.house.gov. Please put “Deputy
Communications Director/Digital Director” in the subject line. Deadline to apply
is: January 20.

MEM-586-21

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Oversight and Investigations
Subcommittee is seeking a mid-level Professional Staff or Counsel to work on
oversight issues related to the Committee’s broad jurisdiction for the
Committee’s Democratic staff. Prior familiarity working for or with Congress
and area(s) of expertise under the Committee’s jurisdiction—including
environment, energy, health care, public health, or consumer protection—is
required.
Responsibilities include staffing congressional hearings; assisting in the
management of investigations of governmental and non-governmental entities;
conducting research, document review, and analysis; aiding in the drafting of
official letters, memoranda, and investigative reports; and helping to coordinate
Page 11 of 15

with other subcommittees of the full Committee.
The successful candidate will be a detail-oriented and proactive self-starter with
strong communication and writing skills. A minimum of five years of work
experience is required. An advanced degree is preferred but not required, as
experience within the areas of the Committee’s jurisdiction may be equally
relevant. Salary is commensurate with experience in the $80K–$90K range.
People of color, veterans, women, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “E&C OI Professional
Staff/Counsel.”
MEM-583-21

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Staff Assistant for her
Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include welcoming office visitors, answering telephone calls,
coordinating flag and tour requests, sorting and processing constituent
correspondence, and other administrative duties as assigned. The ideal candidate
will be detail-oriented, able to multi-task and have a positive attitude.
Connecticut ties are a plus, but not required. Minority candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Interested parties should email a cover letter, resume, writing sample and two
references in a single PDF to ct05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following
subject line: Full name – Staff Assistant. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-582-21

The U.S. House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs (Republican Staff) is looking to
hire a new Staff Assistant/ Full Committee Legislative Coordinator.
The front office Staff Assistant and Legislative Coordinator would report directly
to the Full Committee Deputy Staff Director and should have excellent oral and
communication skills, strong organizational skills, attention to detail, a positive
attitude and ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others, and a
sense of humor.
Qualified candidates please send résumés only to the following e-mail
address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “HVAC Republican Staff
Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins.

Page 12 of 15

Your résumé will be reviewed to determine if you are among the most qualified
candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an
interview.
MEM-578-21

Conservative Colorado member seeks Press Secretary to work under
Communications Director for fast-paced office with strong social media presence.
Skills in graphic design and digital media strongly preferred.
Email co04.resumes@gmail.com with a resume.

MEM-577-21

Conservative Colorado member seeks Deputy Chief/Counsel for judiciary
committee portfolio with an emphasis on tech and antitrust issues. Law degree
strongly preferred but not required. Comfort with a fast-paced, intense work
environment a must.
Email co04.resumes@gmail.com with a resume.

MEM-574-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Clerk/Special Assistant to the Staff Director to support the Chief Clerk and Staff
Director.
The candidate will be responsible for administrative tasks, including but not
limited to, processing oversight mail, scheduling staff director’s meetings,
managing the hearings calendar, managing hearing correspondence, co-leading
the transcript review process, preparing hearing invitations, tracking hearing
submissions, and documenting member and/or staff attendance.
The qualified candidate will be extremely organized, have editing skills, be
attentive to detail, be hardworking, innovative, and able to handle assigned tasks
in a demanding, fast-paced office. Ideal candidates will have a bachelor’s degree,
1-2 years of administrative experience, and congressional experience is preferred,
but not required.
To apply, applicants must submit a cover letter and resume
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Clerk/Special Assistant to the Staff
Director” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with education and
experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

Page 13 of 15

MEM-561-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform,
Subcommittee on Economic and Consumer Policy, Democratic (Majority) Staff –
Counsel
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. The Subcommittee on Economic and
Consumer Policy conducts investigations, writes reports, and holds hearings on a
wide range of issues affecting consumers (e.g., marketing e-cigarettes to children;
the presence of lead and other toxic metals in baby food).
The ideal candidate will be a strong writer with prior investigative experience and
a demonstrated interest in consumer protection. Responsibilities include
developing ideas for investigations, drafting document requests, reviewing
documents, interviewing witnesses, writing reports, and preparing for hearings.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Economic and Consumer Policy” in the subject line. Please use the following
formats for file names: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.CoverLetter.”

MEM-539-21

Nevada’s 4th District Democratic Member of Congress seeks a highly organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for a position in our North Las Vegas,
Nevada District office. Candidates must be comfortable working with the public,
have excellent oral and written communication skills, problem solving abilities.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests, answering
phones, conducting tours, overseeing an active mail program;
•Sorting/batching correspondence, drafting correspondence and ensuring a swift
turnaround time;
•Responding to constituent mail, keeping abreast of legislative developments, and
meeting with constituent groups;
•Assisting District Representatives as needed, and
•Perform all other duties as assigned and required
The ideal candidate will be/must have:
•Passionate about public service and committed to democratic values;
•Strong writing, communication skills and be detail-oriented;
•Have advanced experience with spreadsheets and forms,
•A poised, confident, self-starter, and team-player with a sense of humor; and
•The ability to work in a high-paced environment.
Page 14 of 15

•The ability work weekends and holidays
•Have reliable transportation, auto insurance and a clean driving record
•Currently enrolled in an ungraduated degree program at a college or university
or have a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in the related fields of human services
or social work, and a minimum of one-year relevant experience in community or
human services.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Spanish language skills and District ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, one writing sample and
three professional references in a single PDF file. Email submissions to the
Director of Administration, nv04resume@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-DSA-2 __last name, First name".
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 15 of 15

