House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 23, 2015

MEM-401-15

The Office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson (D-FL-24) seeks a
Legislative Director with substantive Hill experience and a great personality.
The ideal candidate is very organized, detail-oriented, and able to work in a
fast-paced, positive team environment. Candidates must have a complete
understanding of floor and committee procedures, possess sharp political and
legislative instincts, and be an excellent writer. Applicants should
demonstrate the ability to execute legislative plans in close coordination with
the district office and the communications team.
Please email a cover letter, resume, references, and writing sample to
FL24Applications@gmail.com, with “Legislative Director” in the subject
line, by November 30, 2015. Please, no drop bys or phone calls.

MEM-379-15

Democratic Congressional Oversight Subcommittee is seeking an energetic,
thoughtful investigator with outstanding written and oral communications
skills. Must be self-motivated, diligent, team player adept at conducting
Page 1 of 3

extensive research, quickly summarizing key issues and able to juggle
multiple tasks. Investigations include a wide range of subjects including
energy and environmental topics and issues that impact federal science, space,
and homeland security programs. Strong awareness of environmental and
public health issues preferred. Attorneys with oversight experience
encouraged to apply. Candidate should be comfortable briefing Members of
Congress, interviewing federal officials and writing substantive investigative
reports. Ideally, candidate is experienced at uncovering allegations of waste,
fraud, abuse and mismanagement and is curious, driven and good natured.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This
position will close on December 1, 2015.
MEM-368-15

New England Democrat seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highlyorganized Staff Assistant for Washington, DC office. Responsibilities
include managing front office operations, overseeing intern program, serving
as confidential assistant to Chief of Staff and Member, driving Member to
meetings and appointments, supporting Member’s daily activities, providing
assistance to scheduling and legislative teams, and other tasks as assigned.
Access to a vehicle and a clean driving record is required. New England ties
preferred. Applicants should submit cover letter, resume, and brief writing
sample to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-bys.

MEM-354-15

Investigator (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced investigative professional for an investigator position. The
Committee’s investigator is responsible for assisting the Committee in all
aspects of its investigative work, including researching and reviewing public
data sources, forensic research, document review, data collection and
analysis, and preparing for and participating in witness interviews. This is a
nonpartisan position which requires the ability to assist with impartial
investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding organizational, research, and analytical skills, as well as
the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise
before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is
desirable: government ethics, criminal law, civil litigation, administrative
investigations and adjudications, depositions, investigative journalism, or
financial accounting. Experience with document review/management
platforms and/or online research services (Lexis/Nexis, Westlaw, CLEAR)
also preferred. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume,
cover letter, and a short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please
include the phrase “Investigator” in the subject line.

MEM-331-15

House Committee Democratic staff seeks a detail-oriented Committee Clerk/
Administrator to handle committee legislative clerk responsibilities as well
as office administrator/payroll work. Hill experience strictly required,
preferably 2+ years -- this is not an entry-level position. Committee
legislative clerk, hearing coordination, or similar experience strongly
Page 2 of 3

preferred, familiarity with Congressional payroll and Hill office
administrative work a strong plus. Please e-mail your résumé and cover letter
to demcommitteejob@mail.house.gov. No phone calls, please.

Page 3 of 3

