House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 20, 2020

MEM-204-20

PRESS/DIGITAL ASSISTANT:
Congressman Harley Rouda (CA-48) seeks a Digital/Press Assistant to
execute an aggressive communications strategy.
Interested applicants should be innovative, detail-oriented, extremelyonline™, and a team-player passionate about good governance. Orange
County/California ties are a plus.
Responsibilities:
•Drafting social content
•Producing creative content, including graphics, videos, photos, and live
streams
•Coordinating digital messaging with key stakeholders
•Monitoring online trends, new tools, and digital opportunities for the office
•Assisting with rapid response communications
•Editing and managing website
•Drafting speeches, Op-Eds, and newsletters
Qualifications:
•Enthusiasm about Congressman Harley Rouda's work, connecting with
Page 1 of 18

constituents, and digital communication
•Prior political communication work (or similar experience)
•Strong traditional and digital writing
•Experience with Adobe Creative Suite or comparable graphic and video
editing software and/or a CRM system preferred
•Ability to problem-solve and proactively drive projects
Please e-mail a cover letter, resume, and examples of digital and written work
to CA48resumes@gmail.com. Put Press/Digital Assistant and your last name
in the subject line.
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and
minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-203-20

New York Democrat seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and
long term calendar in D.C., working with other team members to balance the
Member’s time between commitments, ensure the Member is provided with
briefing materials for each event and meeting, and performing other duties as
necessary.
Responsibilities also include reviewing meeting requests, arranging travel
to/from Washington, DC, general administrative tasks and assisting on some
legislative issues. Capitol Hill and/or executive assistant experience for an
elected official preferred. New York ties are a plus.
The ideal candidate would be a self-starter, detail-oriented, able to juggle
multiple tasks at once, have excellent oral, written and interpersonal skills, be
a problem solver, and most importantly have a sense of humor. Position can
involve work at night and on weekends.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume to
ny03.resumes@gmail.com and list “Scheduler” in the subject.

MEM-200-20

North Bay Democratic Member of Congress seeks a motivated, organized,
and affable person to serve as a field representative/caseworker in the
Representative’s main district office.
This position acts as a liaison to federal, district, and local agencies for the
Congressman and constituents and answers casework correspondence and
verbal communications with constituents.
Page 2 of 18

Candidates must be comfortable working with the public, have excellent oral
and written communication skills, problem solving abilities, and have
completed a bachelor’s degree or equivalent. Work experience is preferred
and strong academic credentials are required.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a
liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
*Informs the Congressman and the District Director of all happenings in his
or her assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting
with constituents;
*Handles casework assignments;
*Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or
groups to form effective relationships for the Congressman;
*Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Scheduler;
*Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Congressman with constituents;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
*Full-time experience preferred; strong academic credentials required;
extensive community relationships desired.
*Bilingual: English/ Spanish is preferred but not required
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong oral and written communication skills;
*Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
*Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman
is involved;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, procedures, and computer
applications.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment, but the Field
Representative will often need to attend and participate in meetings and
Page 3 of 18

public functions out of the office including evenings and weekend events.
Noise levels are usually moderate; and
*Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
*Work is currently remote due to COVID-19
E-mail a resume and cover letter to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “CA02 Field Representative/Caseworker.”
MEM-199-20

The Democratic staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a Staff
Assistant.
Candidates should have excellent organizational skills and strong research,
writing, and communication skills. Responsibilities include overseeing
Committee hearing and markup logistics -- which often include being
physically present, serving as assistant clerk during markups, providing
administrative and research support to Chief of Staff and Staff Director/Chief
Counsel, coordinating Staff Director/Chief Counsel’s calendar and the
Committee calendar, co-managing the intern program, and managing
Committee administrative needs.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.
The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and
include “Staff Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-198-20

Rep. Katie Porter (CA-45) seeks a highly organized, detail-oriented, and
resourceful individual to serve as Staff Assistant in the DC office. The
applicant must be able to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment
and have strong interpersonal skills. This position part of the legislative team.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
•Answer incoming phone calls to log opinions, to connect staffers to outside
stakeholders, and to direct callers to appropriate resources
•Enter incoming constituent messages from mail and voicemail into the
database (IQ)
•Organize incoming digital messages in IQ into batches
•Draft form letters responding to constituent concerns
•Manage incoming student letters for the Congresswoman to reply to with
personalized responses
•Respond to constituent messages through phone calls, emails, or handwritten
Page 4 of 18

notes as needed
•Assist legislative team with researching data and information
•Draft co-sponsor requests, meeting memos, talking points, and remarks for
the Congresswoman as needed by legislative team.
•Manage the office’s flag request program
•Coordinate with the district office to distribute books to schools through the
Library of Congress Surplus Books Program
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity
of our employees.
To apply, send a cover letter and resume; to ResumesCA45@mail.house.gov
with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
MEM-197-20

Rep. Katie Porter (CA-45) seeks a highly organized, detail-oriented, and
resourceful individual to serve as a Scheduler in the DC office. The applicant
must be able to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment and possess
strong interpersonal skills.
The Scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and long-term
schedule in DC, coordinate the Member’s travel, serve as a staff liaison with
the Member, and assist with administrative office functions as assigned.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
•Adding approved events to the calendar to create balanced and prioritized
days
•Managing the Congresswoman’s calendar with relevant details and
information
•Coordinating with staff to ensure memos, talking points, and relevant
documents are provided for events and meetings
•Booking all travel arrangements for the Congresswoman
•Creating and sending daily tick tocks to give the collective team
Congresswoman’s next day schedule
•Compiling all documents into the nightly Book
•Tracking documents that need to be reviewed and approved by the
Congresswoman
•Managing incoming scheduling requests, collecting relevant info, and staff
input and then presenting to the Congresswoman for final decision
•Collecting and processing the Congresswoman’s expense reimbursements
•Making sure any office or equipment issues are resolved for the
Congresswoman
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender

Page 5 of 18

identity or expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity
of our employees.
To apply, send a cover letter and resume; to ResumesCA45@mail.house.gov
with “Scheduler” in the subject line.
MEM-194-20

The District Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark (MA-5) is
currently accepting applications for the position of Staff Assistant.
The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, processes mail,
assists with constituent casework, drafts correspondence, and performs other
administrative duties as needed. The Staff Assistant will also be responsible
for overseeing a robust internship program, including recruiting, interviewing,
hiring, and supervising interns.
This role requires impeccable judgment and the ability to prioritize myriad
tasks. The ideal candidate should be personable, organized, and detailoriented. Applicants must possess excellent verbal and written
communication skills and the ability to work cooperatively with others.
This is a full-time position. Office staff are currently working remotely to
mitigate the spread of COVID-19.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ+ persons are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Essential Job Functions:
•Manages the office intern program ensuring smooth front office operational
duties
•Works with constituent services representatives to ensure efficient casework
intake using the office’s internal database
•Assists persons who have appointments with the Member or other staff
Members and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the
Members’ appointments are on time
•Maintains literature regarding the district and House offices for distribution
to visitors
•Coordinates the filing and indexing of all correspondence
•Signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to the office to
appropriate staff members in a timely matter
•Provides orientation and training for new staff
•Supervises the reception desk, mail operations, and the administrative files
•Assumes responsibility for overall office appearance and layout
•Maintains the office answering machine or voice mail
Page 6 of 18

•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices
•Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls
relating to casework
•Performs other duties as assigned
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing
samples to Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov.
All materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-191-20

The Communications Director manages and coordinates the messaging and
communications activities, including media contacts, for the Member and the
office. Traditional and digital communications including emails, social media
posts, and website updates fall within the management of the
Communications Director. The position reports to the Member and Chief of
Staff.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
*Acts as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
*Develops and implements media, communications, and public relations
strategy for the Member;
*Remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which
the Member may speak or be questioned;
*Evaluates current events and media reports in the District and the nation for
their impact on the Member;
*Provides ideas and advice on the effect, in the media, of the Member's
actions and legislative activities;
*Writes speeches for the Member;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, media, and
constituents;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s degree in journalism, public relations, or a closely related field;
strong academic credentials; and at least 5 years of professional media
experience. Graduate degree preferred. Alternatively, 15 years of related
experience or training may suffice.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
*Strong communication skills;
*Thorough understanding of digital, print, social and broadcast media;
*Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, procedures, and organization
of the House;
Page 7 of 18

*Knowledge of current issues and events in which the Member is involved;
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the representation
of the Member's position on policy issues;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications; and
*Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Power Point, Access, and Excel.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in a normal office environment. Noise levels are
usually moderate; and
*Works in small a workstation without an expectation of privacy.
To apply, please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
MD07employment@mail.house.gov
MEM-190-20

The Legislative Director advises the Member on all legislative areas. This
position assists in the development of policy positions and legislative
initiatives and manages and supervises the office's legislative staff. The
position reports to the Member and Chief of Staff.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS REQUIRED:
*Ensures that the legislative staff is properly focused on carrying out the
Member's legislative goals and works to formulate positions on legislative
issues;
*Monitors legislative activity on the House floor and handles long-term and
short-term legislative planning for the Member and oversees the progression
of bills with which the Member is involved as they move from Committee to
the floor;
*Recommends strategies and tactics on bills and positions;
*Assigns legislative staff areas of responsibility, monitors and evaluates the
work of legislative staff, trains and supervises legislative staff, and ensures
that legislative staff complies with office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Schedules and directs legislative staff meetings and meets with groups of
constituents or other office visitors, as necessary;
*Recommends co-sponsorships of legislation to the Member, writes and
reviews legislative memos, and recommends hiring of legislative staff, with
approval of the Chief of Staff and the Member, when necessary;
*Oversees activities of the D.C. office in the absence of the Chief of
Staff/Administrative Assistant;
*Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the District,
legislation in which the Member is a principal sponsor, or legislation on
which the Member is a cosponsor;
*Monitors and reports on Floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff;

Page 8 of 18

*Coordinates responses to all legislative mail and assists organizations and
constituents in the District with federal matters;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff and
constituents and accepts performance-based criticism;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends and
meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress; performs other duties as
assigned.
Supervisory: Directly supervises between 2 and 4 legislative employees.
Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training legislative staff;
planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding
and disciplining employees; addressing complaints; and resolving problems.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s degree; strong academic credentials; graduate degree preferred.
Alternatively, 10 years of related experience or training in management
and/or legislation or equivalent similar experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
*Thorough knowledge of Members’ Congressional Handbook and House
Rules;
*Ability to perform essential job functions above;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Provides necessary organization, supervisory, leadership and motivation to
supervise the legislative staff;
*Possesses excellent oral and written communication skills along with
knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures; knowledge of office
computer applications including proficiency in Microsoft Word, Power Point,
Access, and Excel.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate; and
*Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
To apply, please submit resume, cover, letter, and two writing samples to
MD07employment@mail.house.gov
MEM-187-20

The House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee (DPCC)
seeks a Digital Director to help design and execute a proactive digital

Page 9 of 18

messaging strategy for the DPCC and assist with the digital reach of House
Democratic offices.
Strong video editing skills required. Responsibilities include but are not
limited to: creating graphics and custom videos on a regular basis; managing
relationships with digital media outlets and identifying new audiences for
House Democrats to reach online; managing all digital platforms of the
DPCC; drafting sample digital content to be used by other Democratic
offices; maintaining and updating websites; tracking analytics; and offering
new, proactive ideas for growing the DPCC’s digital presence and supporting
House Democrats.
Successful candidates will be creative, proactive, team players, who are able
to successfully manage multiple tasks at once. They will have previous
experience and passion for creating video and graphic content and familiarity
with Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Premiere, Illustrator), Final Cut Pro or
other comparable tools. HTML/CSS knowledge a plus.
They will have a strong understanding of the digital media landscape and the
latest digital trends and the ability to identify opportunities to reach new
audiences online. Existing relationships with digital media outlets, podcasts,
YouTube shows and influencers is a plus.
The position will report to the executive director of the DPCC and work
collaboratively with Chair and Co-Chair staff and other leadership staff. Nontraditional work hours are expected.
This is not an entry-level position.
We are equal opportunity employers; we do not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Qualified applicants should email a cover letter, resume, an original video,
and an original graphic they are proud of to DPCC@mail.house.gov with
"Digital Director" in the subject line.
MEM-185-20

“Democratic Leadership office seeks an energetic, highly motivated
individual to serve as a Press Assistant in a fast-paced environment.
The job primarily involves distributing daily press clips, managing the press
internship program, drafting preparation materials for media hits and serving
as a logistical point of contact for press conferences.
The Press Assistant will report directly to the Deputy Press Secretary.
Candidates must be proactive project supervisors, excellent writers, diligent
Page 10 of 18

organizers and have great attention to detail. Candidates with proficiency in
Spanish are strongly encouraged to apply.
This office is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and
inclusive workforce and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color,
age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability.
Women and minority applicants are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send PDFs of your resume, cover letter, one writing sample
and three professional references to DemCaucus.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
your name and “2020 Press Assistant Application” in the subject line.
Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins please.”
MEM-181-20

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (D-CO) seeks a Communications Assistant
with extensive digital experience.
The position reports directly to the Communications Director and is
responsible for assisting in all aspects of the press shop’s day-to-day
responsibilities, including: daily media monitoring, drafting and editing news
releases and newsletters, and pitching media events.
The position is also responsible for maintaining the Congresswoman’s
website, managing her various social media accounts and coming up with
creative new ways to enhance her new media presence.
This is not an entry-level position; ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of
experience working with various digital platforms, developing websites,
editing videos and managing social media accounts for a political candidate or
elected official.
Previous Capitol Hill or campaign experience is preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to Ryan.Brown@mail.house.gov.
Please put “Communications Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-179-20

Midwestern Republican office is looking for a Legislative Assistant.
Responsibilities will include drafting and advancing legislation; preparing
talking points, vote recommendations, and other legislative materials;
monitoring and analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings;
and representing the Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.

Page 11 of 18

Portfolio of issues will include Healthcare, Education, Second Amendment,
Homeland Security, Oversight and Government Reform, and others as
needed.
Successful candidates must be proactive, possess exceptional organizational
skills and attention to detail, and be interested in working in a fast-paced
office environment. Candidate must be professional and able to protect the
integrity of personal and confidential information.
Candidates should have at least one year of policy experience. Interested
applicants should email a resume and cover letter with Legislative Assistant
in the subject line to RepJobResume@gmail.com.
No phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-178-20

Rep. Robert C. “Bobby” Scott (VA-03) seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent for his personal office, to assume the responsibilities of
managing the front office, greeting visitors and managing the mail program.
Daily tasks include answering telephones, conducting and organizing tours,
processing flag requests and performing other administrative tasks as
required. Management of the mail program will include answering constituent
correspondence, conducting any research necessary to formulate an adequate
response, developing and maintaining a collection of prepared text for use in
responding to constituent mail, drafting and updating form letters to respond
to a large number of letters on the same issue, as well as providing assistance
and training to interns as needed.
Successful candidates will be given the opportunity to oversee a small
legislative portfolio. Applicants should be highly-motivated, detail-oriented
professionals with strong organizational and time-management skills, as well
as having a positive attitude, and take pride in their work. Applicants with ties
to the 3rd Congressional District of Virginia are strongly encouraged to apply.
Hill Experience and proficiency in Intranet Quorum (IQ) preferred.
Please e-mail cover letter and resume to jobs.va03@mail.house.gov.
Absolutely no phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins, please.
The Office of Representative Robert C. “Bobby” Scott is an equal opportunity
employer committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse
work environment.

MEM-175-20

“Democratic Leadership office seeks an innovative, diligent and solutionsoriented individual to create, manage and track the success of digital and

Page 12 of 18

social media campaigns and messaging, maintain a weekly posting schedule
for all social media platforms and assist the Digital Director as-needed.
The Digital Manager is responsible for crafting social media content along
with managing digital projects with a focus on opportunities for growth and
expansion. The Digital Manager will also assist and serve as a thought partner
on implementation of social media, design, cross-departmental projects asneeded and other critical Caucus projects.
The Digital Manager will also supervise the Digital Assistant and department
interns including reviewing and editing content, providing feedback and
serving as a cross-team editor on digital and written content. The Digital
Manager will report directly to the Digital Director. Candidates must be
proactive project managers, excellent writers, meticulous proofreaders and
have at least two years of experience managing digital campaigns and/or
social media programs in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates with strong proficiency in photography, audio/video editing,
Adobe Creative Suite products (e.g. InDesign, Photoshop, Premiere Pro and
Illustrator) are strongly encouraged to apply. Fluency with social media
platforms including Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat is required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and
inclusive workforce and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color,
age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability.
Women and minority applicants are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send PDFs of resume, cover letter, social media writing
sample and digital portfolio / website links and three professional references
to DemCaucus.Jobs@mail.house.gov with name and “2020 Digital Manager
Application” in the subject line.
Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins please.”
MEM-157-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire a Research
and Data Analyst. In this capacity the Analyst will be responsible for leading
data and research collection and analysis for the Office of Diversity and
Inclusion.
This individual will lead the development of the required diversity report,
maintain key metrics and key performance indicators for the Office, and serve
as a resource for external and internal diversity best practices.
This individual will also serve as the project manager for any consultants
and/or contractors with whom the Office may engage to support the
Page 13 of 18

completion of the diversity report and to develop relevant diversity and
inclusion-based training, in collaboration with the Congressional Staff
Academy.
Key Responsibilities:
• This staffer will assist in the translation of research findings into materials
that staff can effectively utilize in their engagements with Members and
Member offices.
• Provide research support on diversity and inclusion studies, techniques and
tools.
• Serve as project manager for the diversity report and, where necessary,
direct and coordinate activities of external consultants.
• Research and study best practices for retention and growth in House
employing offices.
• Lead data tracking and reporting with a focus on performance and results.
• Prepare regular updates and briefing documents on research that is relevant
to House employing offices.
• Assist with the development and delivery of training sessions and, as
needed, conduct presentations at professional conferences and meetings.
Qualifications:
Master’s degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field; or equivalent
level of experience providing technical assistance, data collections and/or
research.
• Must have knowledge and experience in diversity, equity, and inclusion
research efforts, ideally with a strong background in curriculum development.
Current working knowledge of coalition functioning, evaluation and research.
• Quantitative and qualitative evaluation and research skills.
• Expertise using relevant software.
• Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a
diverse team.
• Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on
assignment.
• Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
• Extensive computer skills, including data input.
Interested candidates should send an email to Diverse.House@mail.house.gov
with “Research and Data Analyst” in the subject line and. Women, minority,
veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-155-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire two (2)
Professional Staffers of Member and Candidate Services. The professional
Page 14 of 18

staffers will be responsible for corresponding and providing direct support to
House employing offices in the areas of diversity and inclusion training,
consulting and applicant placement.
These individuals will also be responsible for corresponding and providing
direct support to candidates by providing applicant coaching and preparedness
services.
Position requires exceptional interpersonal skills, a hospitality-minded
approach, excellent organizational skills and attention to detail. The ideal
candidate will have experience working on Capitol Hill and will bring
experience in office administration, database system management, program
management and event planning.
Key Responsibilities:
• Establish relationships with House employing offices.
• Determine Member office staffing needs through initial assessment and
ongoing meetings.
• Drive increased participation in programs and services.
• Create and maintain diversity and inclusion resource materials (diversity and
inclusion handbook, best practice documents, etc.) for dissemination to House
employing offices.
• Database management for candidate selection and placement.
• Conduct initial assessment for applicants including resume reviews and
advising.
• Conduct mock interviews and exit interviews for applicants.
• Represent the Office at internal and external engagements as needed.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree and a combination of knowledge and experience in
diversity and inclusion issues in the public and/or private sectors. The
individual must be a self-starter with a history of working collaboratively with
a diverse cross section of stakeholders. Experience in building consensus and
gaining support around challenging issues.
• Experience with program management and implementation.
• Experience with computers and working knowledge of Word, Excel, and
social media.
• Management experience in hiring, and supervision of staff.
Interested candidates should apply by following the instructions
here https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/84?c=house
Candidates will be asked to upload a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Page 15 of 18

Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-154-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking a Communications
Manager. The communications manager will be responsible for helping to
“tell the story” of the office with internal and external audiences.
This individual will develop and drive communications and outreach efforts
targeting House Offices, ensuring that they are aware of the ways in which the
House Office of Diversity and Inclusion can support diversity objectives.
This individual will also help to communicate the diversity “business case,”
and support writing and creative needs for the Office.
Successful candidate must be results-driven and proactive in the application
of innovative and creative approaches to drive engagement with House
Offices.
Key Responsibilities:
• Responsible for the development/production of content across multiple
platforms including photography, videos, infographics, and other creative
executions for Member offices, events, trainings and research products.
• Manage the Office of Diversity and Inclusion web site, newsletter, and
social media platforms. Activity includes drafting and scheduling content,
monitoring for mentions, identifying opportunities for engagement, updating
follower lists, and keeping up with social media trends.
• Repurpose existing content and find opportunities for new content.
• Support the House D&I program with writing and implementation as
needed.
• Perform other duties and projects as assigned
Qualifications:
• Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Digital Communications,
Publishing, or Content Production.
• Have a strong knowledge of social media and content trends, and emerging
technologies and platforms. Have a working knowledge of digital and social
media metrics.
• The ideal candidate will have a background in photography and video
production and editing and have a strong focus on storytelling.
• Experience with social media community management required
• Excellent writing skills required
• Design knowledge strongly preferred
• Extensive experience handling multiple projects from ideation to final
Page 16 of 18

delivery
• Knowledge and understanding of Canva, Adobe Creative Cloud apps
including Premiere Pro, Photoshop, Illustrator, Media Encoder and After
Effects are preferred.
Interested candidates should send an email to Diverse.House@mail.house.gov
with “Communications Manager” in the subject line and include a cover
letter, resume, a writing sample, and digital portfolio.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill,
as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of
relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing
statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references.
Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:

Page 17 of 18

Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects.
A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 18 of 18

