________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 27, 2023

MEM-604-23

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) is looking for a dynamic,
full-time Community Representative for her San Diego office. Primary
responsibilities include overseeing a community outreach and federal casework
portfolio on behalf of the Office to ensure Congresswoman Jacobs can stay
connected and responsive to her constituents.
This individual would serve as the Office’s liaison to San Diego’s Asian
American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander (AANHPI) communities;
Indigenous communities; and cover issue areas, including health care and
housing – though final decisions on portfolio assignments will depend on
experience and interest.
The ideal candidate will have strong San Diego ties and experience working with
diverse communities; exceptional communication, organizational, and writing
skills; and a genuine desire to serve constituents contacting Congresswoman
Jacobs for assistance. Multilingual and previous customer service skills are a
plus.
This is not a 9-5 position and will include evenings and weekend events and
meetings.
Application instructions: Applicants should submit a letter of interest, résumé,
and a list of at least three professional references by email to the District Director,
Page 1 of 16

Paola Guzman, at SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Community
Representative - [Last Name]” in the subject line. Application materials are due
by 5pm PT on Friday, December 8, 2023; applicants selected to move on to the
next round will be contacted shortly thereafter. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
The Office of Congresswoman Jacobs is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age,
marital status, or parental status.
MEM-603-23

The office of Congresswoman Hillary Scholten (MI-03) is looking to hire a new
Legislative Assistant/Senior Legislative Assistant – title commensurate with
experience – to handle the Congresswoman’s work on the Small Business
Committee, Healthcare, Agriculture, Education, Labor, Immigration, Veterans,
the Democratic Women’s Caucus and the Child Labor Prevention Task Force.
The ideal candidate will have previous Hill experience, knowledge of the
legislative process, experience with small business and healthcare portfolios and
demonstrate strong written and verbal communication skills. The ideal candidate
will be independently motivated, able to manage multiple projects and tasks, and
work well under pressure. Michigan ties are preferred. This is not an entry level
position.
The position is eligible for transit benefits, student loan repayment assistance, and
parking. This is an in-person position, with remote work opportunities.
The Office of Congresswoman Hillary Scholten is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. We strongly value the
diversity of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds
to apply, including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA
community.
Salary: $70,000-78,000, commensurate with experience.
JOB DUTIES:
●Collaborates with the Legislative Director and Chief of Staff to formulate and
advance legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas
●Plans, coordinates, and schedules to introduce legislation in the House (or
offering it on an appropriate vehicle if it is in an amendment)
●Considers and addresses differing perspectives and opinions to navigate
conflicts and develop solutions effectively
●Tracks legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas to brief the
Member for floor work, committee work, work in the district, and outside Houserelated activities
●Provides information to generate ideas and make decisions pertaining to press,
Page 2 of 16

district events, mass mailings, and newsletters
●Provides district office staff with targeted information to assist preparation for
community events and Town Hall meetings
●Provides input to assist the Communications Director with draft speeches, press
releases, op-eds, and Congressional Record statements for the Member.
●Answers constituent letters in assigned issue areas and assists constituents with
federal matters
●Acts as a liaison with committee and Federal departments and agencies to
communicate and coordinate information regarding specific legislative matters
●Prepares briefing materials for Member in advance of committee hearings,
markups, and meetings
●Attends hearings, markups, and meetings, with the Member
All interested candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and 3 professional
references by Thursday, November 30, 2023 to scholtenjobs@gmail.com with the
subject “Legislative Assistant: LAST NAME”.
MEM-589-23

Deputy Communications Director/Press Secretary
Southwestern Democrat is seeking a dependable and highly motivated bilingual
(English/Spanish) communicator with strong writing skills and the ability to
establish a strong rapport with the press.
Qualified candidates will be responsible for ensuring the objectives and
achievements of the Member are communicated effectively in Spanish-language
mediums utilizing print, digital, and social media. This position will work closely
with the Communications Director.
Responsibilities include: Serving as the on-the-record contact for Spanishlanguage media, drafting press releases for distribution; writing talking
points/speeches/scripts; creating social media content; staffing at media events,
and assisting with other duties as assigned.
Occasional weekend work is required. Candidates must have outstanding writing
and communication skills and be willing to collaborate with various departments
to accomplish objectives while juggling multiple deadlines and projects.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (no more
than 1 page), and 2 references to SWDemResumes@mail.house.gov indicating
job posting in subject line.

MEM-588-23

TITLE: Legislative Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Majority Staff
REPORTS TO: Majority Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance
and Memorial Affairs

Page 3 of 16

CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides legislative support to Subcommittee staff and assists with duties as
assigned.
DUTIES:
• Drafting and maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities reports, and relevant
publications;
• Analyzing proposed legislation and assisting with the drafting of legislation
within the Majority agenda;
•Assisting with full Committee hearings and Subcommittee hearings on matters
within Subcommittee jurisdiction, including assisting Subcommittee staff in
organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to include determination of
Majority agenda, briefing of Members, drafting memoranda and remarks for
Chairman, and development of questions;
•Coordinating with Member staff during full Committee hearings and
Subcommittee hearings on matters within Subcommittee jurisdiction;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy;
• Requesting information from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) on
matters within the Subcommittee jurisdiction;
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
•Reviewing the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and
other publications for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Preparation of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee
Chairman on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
• Developing recommendations on VA policy and serving as a resource for
Members both on and off Committee;
• Conducting VA oversight visits; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Chairman, Staff
Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee staff, as needed.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
• At least one (1) year of full-time experience as a staffer working for Congress.
Experience working as staffer for a committee is a plus.
REQUIRED SKILLS:
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving;
•Strong verbal communication;
Page 4 of 16

•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Attention to detail.
BENEFITS : Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan •Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
•Metro or Parking Benefits
Other Information: Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is atwill. The U.S. House Page 23 of 24 of Representatives is an equal opportunity
employer. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national
origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), disability, or age.
Transportation and all related travel expenses associated with the interview and
hiring process must be paid by the applicant.
How to Apply: Qualified candidates please send their cover letter, resume, and
three (3) writing samples to the following e-mail
address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “DAMA Republican Legislative
Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-585-23

Congressman-elect Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks a Scheduler to join his office in
Washington, D.C. Candidates must have exceptional organizational and
communications skills, be detail oriented, proactive, and able to work in a fastpaced, collaborative environment.
Candidates are expected to keep the Congressman’s schedule updated, respond to
and process invitations for meetings and events in a timely manner, and manage
the Congressman’s travel plans and logistics. The Scheduler will work closely
with the Chief of Staff and District Director and may have other duties as
assigned.
Capitol Hill or other relevant administrative, operations, or scheduling experience
is strongly preferred. This is not an entry-level position. Rhode Island ties are a
plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.

Page 5 of 16

To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, a cover letter, and three references
(including name, current title and organization, phone number, email, and
relationship to the reference) to RI01AmoJobs@gmail.com, with the following
subject line: “Full Name – Scheduler.”
MEM-579-23

Staff Assistant
OFFICE OF REPRESENTATIVE MIKE LEVIN (CA 49th Congressional
District)
REPORTS TO: District Director
SUMMARY:
This position is responsible for managing the front desk and all administrative
duties of a Congressional district office. The staff member in this role interacts
regularly with constituents, responds to correspondence and verbal
communications with constituents, and occasionally staffs the Member of
Congress. This staff member is based in the Oceanside office but may be required
to travel on occasion to the Dana Point office.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Manages the front desk
*Collaborates with other district and DC-based Staff Assistant to log all incoming
mail, telephone calls, and correspondence
*Tracks office supplies
*Assists with recruiting, interviewing, training, and management of district
interns
*Oversees production and tracking of certificates and proclamations
*Screens phone calls and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district office
*Scans and sends invoices to DC office
*Maintains records of incoming grants, constituent recognition and thank you
letters
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff, and
constituents
*Performs other duties as assigned
*Takes initiative to identify needs and takes action to complete tasks required
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong oral and written communication skills
*Familiarity with local, state, and federal agencies and departments
*Familiarity with issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is
involved
*Proficiency with word processing and spreadsheets
*Professional telephone manner
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner
Page 6 of 16

*Ability to perform the essential job functions above
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
The salary for this position is $45,000 to $47,000, commensurate with
experience.
To apply: Please send resume, cover letter, and three professional references
to: CA49.applications@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
MEM-578-23

Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized, and
professional individual to serve in the role of Staff Assistant. The successful
applicant will be personable, organized, possess excellent communication and
time-management skills, the ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and
the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Daily tasks include answering phones, processing mail, assisting with constituent
requests for information, coordinating tours, and other administrative duties
supporting the Member and staff as needed. We are especially interested in
talking with tech savvy individuals familiar with Apple products, Zoom, Outlook
and WebEx.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter
to staffassistant2023@yahoo.com. No walk-in applicants or phone calls, please.

MEM-573-23

Representative Ami Bera, M.D. (CA-06) is seeking a dynamic and creative
Press/Digital Assistant to join his office. The Press/Digital Assistant will play a
key role in supporting the Communications Director in developing and
implementing the office’s communications strategy and digital outreach efforts.
This position requires a candidate who can leverage graphics, videos, and
impactful writing to enhance our online presence and engage with the
constituents in CA-06.
Ideal candidates will have Sacramento or California ties, a strong proficiency in
writing, digital skills, and photography, along with the ability to think
innovatively in order to effectively convey key messages to new audiences. A
minimum of 1-2 years of prior experience in digital outreach and graphic design
(using tools like Canva, Photoshop, etc.) is essential.

Page 7 of 16

Key responsibilities will include creating graphics and social media content,
producing videos, managing press lists, compiling press clips, drafting
newsletters for constituent outreach, drafting press materials, providing support
for Franked communications plan, and performing additional tasks as assigned.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, one writing sample, and two examples of
your graphic design or video/photography work in a single PDF document
to jobs.ca06@gmail.com with “Press/Digital Assistant – Last Name, First Name”
in the subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-570-23

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $49,382 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-556-23

Legislative Director
Congresswoman Susie Lee (NV-03) seeks an experienced Legislative Director to
join her office in Washington, D.C. In close collaboration with the Member,
Chief of Staff, and her communications and district teams, the Legislative
Director will oversee the Member’s policy agenda, particularly through her work
on the House Appropriations and Natural Resources Committees and manage her
legislative team. This position reports to the Chief of Staff and works closely with
Page 8 of 16

the COS in formulating the Member’s legislative strategy while uplifting the
legislative team in their work.
Candidate should have a strong track record of managing, training, and
supervising a team in a fast-paced environment, translating authorizing and
appropriations priorities into successful outcomes, and developing strong
relationships with on- and off-Hill stakeholders. Sound policy judgement and
firm grasp of committee, floor, and other House procedures are musts.
Candidate should have strong verbal and written communication skills fit to keep
the Member and full team consistently briefed. Candidate must be driven,
creative, good-humored, skilled at receiving and delivering feedback, and
committed to furthering a team-first, collaborative work environment. Candidate
will also oversee the office’s constituent correspondence program. Nevada ties
are a plus, as is experience with immigration, defense, foreign affairs, education,
and judiciary issues.
Applications will be reviewed as they are received, and interviews could begin
very soon, with an eye to quickly filling this position. Interested candidates are
encouraged to apply as soon as they can.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF a resume, cover letter, writing sample of 1,000
words or fewer, and three references (including name, current title and
organization, phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to nv03resumes@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Legislative Director.”
MEM-546-23

Member Services Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Member Services Director who
is exceptionally motivated, dynamic, strategic, and detail-oriented to engage with
CBC Member offices and outside partners to advance a robust member services
portfolio.
The Member Services Director will be expected to proactively build strong
relationships across CBC Member offices and develop strategic opportunities for
Member engagement advancing shared priorities. The individual will also be
expected to coordinate with CBC staff to field and respond to inquiries and
requests for support from Member offices and respond to and share external
opportunities for Member engagement as they arise.

Page 9 of 16

The Member Services Director is also responsible for assisting in overseeing all
aspects of caucus operations, logistics, designated administrative responsibilities
and to support caucus leadership.
The Member Services Director responsibilities will include:
•Conducting regular outreach to Member offices to build relationships with staff,
share opportunities for Member or staff participation in events, messaging, and
other efforts, and identify new ideas for collaboration with Member offices
•Sharing resources with Member offices and working with CBC, congressional,
and external staff to develop high-quality materials for Member office use
•Drafting regular newsletters for Member offices with relevant updates and
opportunities, as well as for external audiences to uplift Member engagement on
CBC issues
•Developing a network of external partners working on issues relevant to the
CBC and Member offices
•Maintaining staff contact information and distribution lists
•Provides orientation and training for new staff;
•Assists departing employees with necessary administrative procedures (i.e.,
returning keys, House I.D. cards, and other office property; obtaining forwarding
addresses, work files, and records);
•Supervises the mail operations and the administrative files and personnel
records;
•Assists staff in scheduling House or Capitol rooms for outside group functions;
•Organize and facilitate meetings and other strategic convenings to support
institutional
•change, policies, and programmatic work;
•Oversees operations for CBC including organizing weekly meetings and events
•Provides logistical support for all programming
•Works with the CBC personal office staffs and coordinates with the CBC
Schedulers to implement the Caucus’ priorities
•Builds and maintains databases of internal and external stakeholders
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player.
Candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of House and Senate
legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov.
No walk-ins or calls please.

Page 10 of 16

MEM-508-23

Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) seeks an exceptional, experienced
Press Secretary/Digital Director (PS/DD) to join a dynamic, fast paced team,
working out of the Washington, DC office.
Working with the Communications Director, located in the District, the PS/DD
will develop, coordinate, and implement digital and traditional media and
communication strategies that highlight the Member’s work and advance her
robust online/digital presence. Other primary responsibilities include but are not
limited to developing, editing, and producing graphics, videography, and other
creative tools to enhance messaging; fielding press requests from local and
national media; producing the Member’s newsletters; drafting releases and
advisories, speeches , and talking points.
The successful candidate will have a creative and strategic approach to visual and
graphic design, excellent oral and written communications skills, an ability to
handle multiple assignments on tight deadlines, a desire to hone the Member’s
voice, a strong collaborative approach to cross functional teaming, and a good
sense of humor. They will also have a working knowledge of the legislative
process, procedures, and organization of the House, with a proven ability to build
strong, collaborative relationships while working in a crisis-oriented environment
and handling stress appropriately. Ohio ties are a plus, but not required, but
proven effective digital and videography experience is required.
This is not an entry level position. The ideal candidate will have at least three
years of Hill and/or other communications experience in a policy or constituent
services environment with an emphasis on professional digital media,
videography, and general communications proficiency beyond the intern level.
The salary is flexible and dependent upon proven experience and expertise.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing and one creative
samples to Ohio11Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press
Secretary – Last Name, First Initial.” No drop-ins, direct emails to staff or phone
calls, please. The position is open until filled, but applications will be screened as
they are received.

MEM-468-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks one attorney with 5-10 years of experience to serve as Investigative
Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.

Page 11 of 16

The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE
•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
•Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
Page 12 of 16

•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
Page 13 of 16

•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.
MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy

Page 14 of 16

Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.
Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and
possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-305-23

DPCC COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – The House Democratic Policy
and Communications Committee seeks an experienced Communications Director.
The Communications Director will work with the Executive Director to design
and execute strategies that advance the message priorities and values of House
Democrats; create messaging guidance, event suggestions, sample releases, and
other communications tools; help Democratic offices pitch stories, hold strong
local press events, and position Members in the media; and assist in bolstering
paid communications programs in Democratic offices.
The Communications Director is also expected to assist with the planning and
execution of regular DPCC message meetings and policy dinners; support DPCC
outreach initiatives; and assist with daily tasks and long-term planning. Spanish
language fluency and experience with constituency media is strongly preferred.
Page 15 of 16

This is not an entry-level position; a strong background in communications on
Capitol Hill is required. DPCC is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate based on race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex,
gender, LGBTQ+ identification, family status, or military status. Women, people
of color, and other members of traditionally underrepresented communities are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. DPCC
will contact the best qualified candidates to begin our interview process.
To apply, please email jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with the following
application materials attached as one combined PDF: 1. Cover letter; 2. Résumé;
3. Two writing samples, with one coming from work on Capitol Hill; and 4. Two
references including name, current title and organization, phone number, email,
and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we will not
contact these references without contacting you first).

Page 16 of 16

