________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 5, 2024

MEM-353-24 The Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Budget and Ranking Member
Congressman Brendan Boyle are seeking a Communications Director to lead
the communications operation for the Budget Committee and member personal
office. This position will be evenly split between the Committee office and
personal office and will be based out of the Congressman’s Washington D.C.
office. This position will also require occasional travel to the district as needed.
Ideal candidates should:
• Have 5+ years of relevant communications experience. Senior staff level
communications experience on Capitol Hill, elsewhere within the federal
government, or experience within a national media organization will be given
preference.
• Have excellent judgement in managing and developing relationships with
communications and/or media contacts, as well as experience interacting with
reporters and members of various media outlets.
• Have experience pitching local, regional, and national media outlets on
potential stories on behalf of an elected official.
• Have the ability to fluently navigate a variety of social media, web based and
digital content platforms, and to produce content for said platforms (or supervise
the production of said content by others).
• Have experience with preparing and staffing an elected official in an event
and/or media capacity.
• Have experience with organizing media events/appearances by an elected
Page 1 of 22

official, including press conferences.
• Have excellent and demonstrable oral and written communication skills.
• Have an ability to effectively train and supervise other staff within the
communications arena.
• Be a strategic thinker, politically savvy, and ability to manage competing
priorities and develop solutions under tight deadlines.
• Have an ability to work well with others, willingness to take initiative, manage
competing priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight
deadlines.
Key Responsibilities:
• Working with the Member and senior staff to develop a broad-based personal
office and Committee based communications strategy, then executing that
strategy through the following avenues:
o Local, regional and national media (tv, radio, etc.), social media, mass
communications, as well as paid ads and digital communications.
• Managing media/communication efforts for the Member’s Washington DC and
district events.
• Working to manage, mentor, and grow the Committee’s and member personal
office communications team, focusing on staff professional development, skill
building, and efficient workflows.
• Staffing and preparing the Member for media and communications
engagements in Washington and as needed, in the district, sometimes outside of
normal business hours.
• Developing and maintaining strong relationships with local, regional and
national media contacts, as well as pitching stories to members of the media.
• Elevating and maintaining the Member’s presence in various national, regional
and local digital, print and television based media
• Drafting media advisories, press releases, statements, op-eds, speeches, talking
points, social media and other digital content, mass emails, as well as other
content as needed.
Salary offered will be competitive, evenly split between the Committee office
and member personal office, and will be commensurate with experience. This
office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values
mentorship and professional development; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds, women, people of color, and LGBTQIA+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Qualified candidates should submit
a cover letter describing their fit for the role, a resume, and three writing samples
to budget-democrat.jobs@mail.house.gov with “[NAME] – Communications
Director” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins please.

Page 2 of 22

MEM-351-24 The Democratic Staff of the House of Representatives Task Force on the
Attempted Assassination of Donald J. Trump seeks a Communications
Assistant to assist with the communications priorities and content creation of
the Task Force, including drafting press releases and social media posts, website
creation, and scheduling interviews. The Communications Assistant will report
to the Communications Director. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented,
organized, creative, and able to work in a high-intensity environment on tight
timelines.
The Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and
candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to co06.resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Task Force
Communications Assistant – [Full Name].” Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis and only qualified applicants will be contacted for an interview. No
phone calls or drop ins please.
MEM-350-24

The Democratic Staff of the House of Representatives Task Force on the
Attempted Assassination of Donald J. Trump seeks researchers to join its
investigative team. This position will report to the Staff Director.
Responsibilities will include but are not limited to executing the Task Force’s
investigative plan, reviewing and analyzing documents and other data, and
contributing to the Task Force’s final report. Ideal candidates will have excellent
attention to detail, writing skills, and a high level of discretion and
confidentiality.
The Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and
candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to co06.resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Task Force Researcher
– [Full Name].” Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis and only
qualified applicants will be contacted for an interview. No phone calls or drop
ins please.

Page 3 of 22

MEM-349-24 The Democratic Staff of the House of Representatives Task Force on the
Attempted Assassination of Donald J. Trump seeks experienced attorneys to
join its investigative team. This position will report to the Staff Director. The
Counsels are expected to execute the Task Force’s investigative plan, review and
analyze documents and other data, conduct transcribed interviews, analyze
evidence, and contribute to the Task Force’s final report. Ideal candidates will
have exceptional writing and legal research skills, a professional temperament,
and a high level of discretion and confidentiality.
The Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and
candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to co06.resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Task Force
Investigative Counsel – [Full Name].” Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis and only qualified applicants will be contacted for an interview. No
phone calls or drop ins please.
MEM-348-24

The Democratic Staff of the House of Representatives Task Force on the
Attempted Assassination of Donald J. Trump seeks a Communications
Director in Washington, DC. This role will report to the Staff Director. The
communications director will be responsible for coordinating and leading the
communications strategy and content creation for the Task Force, including
interviews, press releases, press conferences, and talking points as well as a
digital footprint, including a website and social media.
Ideal candidates will have exceptional written and oral communications skills;
strong working relationships with press and members of the media; significant
media/interview booking experience; digital and web-design experience; ability
to work in a fast-paced, high-intensity environment with tight deadlines; and,
strong interpersonal skills and ability to work with multiple Principals.
This is not an entry-level position. Compensation for this position is competitive
and commensurate with experience. This office is committed to building a
diverse and inclusive team: candidates of color, women, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal-opportunity
employer.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to co06.resumes@mail.house.gov. Include “Task Force Communications
Director – [Full Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis as received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

Page 4 of 22

MEM-347-24

The Democratic Staff of the House of Representatives Task Force on the
Attempted Assassination of Donald J. Trump seeks a Staff Assistant to assist
with administrative responsibilities of the Task Force. The ideal candidate will
be detail-oriented, organized, have experience supporting a team, be able to
manage calendars, and maintain a high level of discretion and confidentiality.
The Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and
candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to co06.resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Task Force Staff
Assistant – [Full Name].” Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis and
only qualified applicants will be contacted for an interview. No phone calls or
drop ins please.

MEM-346-24

Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is hiring a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent (SA/LC) for the Washington, DC office in a full-time capacity.
The position requires close coordination between Chief of Staff, Director of
Operations, and the Member. A successful candidate will outstanding
organizational and time management capacity, strong attention to detail, ability
to anticipate and react to challenges, the ability to work independently, and have
excellent writing and proofreading ability. Additionally, candidates should have
professional telephone and office manners, the ability to manage multiple tasks
at once, and a desire to be part of a highly-collaborative, high-achieving team.
Hill experience preferred; knowledge of Fireside, crisp writing skills, and
Wisconsin ties are all pluses. This position requires driving for the Member –
candidates must have their own vehicle.
Job Duties:
•Handles incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness.
•Greets visitors and manages the front office.
•Transports and staffs the Member to votes and off-campus engagements.
•Manages all White House and Capitol Tour requests, along with constituent
flag purchases and delivery.
•Manages the DC internship program; hires and oversees the day-to-day
activities of the DC interns.
•Manages constituent correspondence system, including drafting tailored letters
for constituent inquiries that require a custom response and maintaining a
collection of prepared responses (“form letters”) for constituent inquires.
•Attends legislative meetings with constituents and assists legislative staff, as
needed.
•Other correspondence and staff assistant duties as assigned, including
supporting District Office on assigned duties.
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, and
writing sample to WI04Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent - [last name, first name]” by August 12,
2024. Applicants must have a safe and reliable vehicle/form of transportation, as
Page 5 of 22

well as a clean driving record. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.
No calls or drop-ins please.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), national
origin, age, disability, gender identity, or sexual orientation. Our office
encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-345-24 Rep. Ro Khanna (CA-17), seeks an Operations Manager to help manage office
operations, drive and staff the member in Washington, DC (including occasional
evenings and weekends), manage the DC intern program, help run office
logistics, coordinate office weekly reports, manage the constituent management
service and official website, spearhead the Congressman’s monthly newsletter,
help with orientation and onboarding of new staff, work closely with the
member, management, and the scheduler on office operations, and other
administrative duties for the office. The starting salary is $71,000.
Successful candidates are consummate team players, strong writers, adept at
making sound judgment calls and thinking quickly at a moment’s notice, and
being exceptionally organized self-starters. It is preferred that candidates have a
valid driver’s license, daily access to a vehicle, and a good driving record.
Candidates should submit to ca17jobs@gmail.com a single PDF that 3-4 pages
max with these items:
Resume
Cover letter on why you want to work for Rep. Khanna and why you are the
right fit for this role
One page writing sample
Among other benefits, the position offers health insurance, retirement benefits
with an employer match, 15 days of vacation in addition to the office closure in
the last two weeks of December, 15 days sick leave annually which can be used
in part or entirely for ‘ mental health days’ at any point in the year, flex time,
transit or parking benefits, and access to the Student Loan Repayment Program.
The Operations Manager is a represented position, part of the Congressional
Workers Union and reports to the Chief of Staff.
The Office of U.S. Congressman Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer;
we do not discriminate based on race, color, religion or lack thereof, sex,
pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability,
military status, marital or parental status, genetic information, medical history,
arrest history, organizing activity, or any other factor or basis that is prohibited
by law or regulation applicable to the Office. Women, veterans, people of color,
and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 6 of 22

MEM-343-24

Congressman Jason Crow (CO-06) seeks a Press Secretary to join his
communications team based in Aurora, CO or Washington, DC. This role will
report to the Communications Director and Chief of Staff and includes a balance
of traditional press responsibilities, including drafting various written content
and remarks, helping manage a high volume of inquiries from national and local
media, and executing day-to-day communications needs as assigned. The Press
Secretary will also play a key role in advising on short-term and long-term
strategic communications planning.
This is not an entry-level position: applicants should have 2-3 years of
communications experience, preferably on Capitol Hill, campaigns, or in
federal, state, or local government. Compensation for this position is competitive
and commensurate with experience. Colorado ties and Spanish language skills
are a plus, though not required. This office is committed to building a diverse
and inclusive team: candidates of color, women, and LGBTQ+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply. We are an equal-opportunity employer.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to co06.resumes@mail.house.gov. Include “PRESS SECRETARY – [Full
Name]” in the subject line. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis as
received. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-342-24 Rep. Ro Khanna (CA-17) seeks a Legislative Assistant to join the Washington,
DC office. This is a non-supervisory position. The starting salary is
$83,440/year.
This is not an entry level position. At least three years of Hill, law firm,
legislative advocacy or similar experience required. Advanced degree in law,
policy, or similar is preferred.
*Please submit a resume and short cover letter by August 16th, 2024.
The Legislative Assistant would manage a portfolio of healthcare, Medicare and
Medicaid, civil rights, criminal justice, judiciary, Congressional ethics,
campaign finance, and political reform.
You could be a great fit if you:
- Love to dive deep into the details and, on a daily basis, distill policy wonkery
into succinct talking points that can be useful to the member for both
communications and legislative purposes.
- Have experience working on at least one of the issue areas referenced above
and are excited to take on new issue areas.
- Have experience working with grassroots activists and connections to
progressive groups working in these policy spaces.
Page 7 of 22

- Have exceptional rapid response writing and communication skills.
- Are excited about the prospect of serving a diverse district rich in many
different immigrant and diaspora communities. CA-17 is the only Asian
American Pacific Islander majority district in the continental U.S.
Due to the volume of applications we receive, we will only contact you if we
decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct emails, or
walk-ins.
Among other benefits, the position offers health insurance, retirement benefits
with an employer match, paid sick leave that can be used in part or entirely for
mental health days, annual leave, transit or parking benefits, flex time, and
access to the Student Loan Repayment Program. The Legislative Assistant is a
represented position, part of the Congressional Workers Union, and reports to
the Deputy Chief of Staff/Legislative Director and to the Chief of Staff.
The Office of U.S. Congressman Ro Khanna is an equal opportunity employer;
we do not discriminate based on race, color, religion or lack thereof, national
origin, sex, gender, sexuality, age, marital or family status, disability, medical
history, arrest history, military service, organizing activity, or any ground that is
specifically prohibited by law or regulation applicable to the Office. Women,
veterans, people of color, and LGBTQIA+ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Please send application materials to ca17jobs@gmail.com.
MEM-341-24 PRESS ASSISTANT/PRESS SECRETARY
OFFICE of CONGRESSMAN AUCHINCLOSS
SUMMARY:
Congressman Jake Auchincloss (D-MA) is seeking a Press Assistant/Press
Secretary in the Washington, D.C. office to join an aggressive, fast-paced
communications team. The Press Assistant/Press Secretary will have excellent
writing, editing and digital skills. Strong proofreading and copyediting skills are
a must. This role will be heavily focused on digital communications, working
with the Communications Director to produce social media content and develop
a creative digital strategy.
This role primarily assists the Communications Director with drafting
constituent-facing outgoing communications and developing a social media
plan. Candidates seeking to join a highly active press team across national, local,
and digital media with opportunities for growth are encouraged to apply.
Videography and video editing skills are a plus. Title commensurate with
Page 8 of 22

experience. The salary range for this position is $60,000-$70,000.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Drafts the Congressman’s remarks, newsletters, press releases, and other publicfacing written materials;
Edits constituent mail;
Designs and executes a robust social media plan that builds engagement and
audience growth;
Drafts daily social media content in accordance with the social media plan under
quick deadlines;
Monitors social media and relevant news to produce rapid response tweets;
Clips the Congressman’s TV appearances and public facing events for social
media;
Possesses strong instincts for digital trends and digital media opportunities;
Provides creative, proactive ideas on social media, press pitches and events;
Assists the Communications Director with drafting press releases, quotes,
statements, floor speeches and talking points;
Works closely with the Communications Director to produce franked mail, texts,
digital ads, telephone surveys, and telephone town halls;
Works well under pressure and with quick turnarounds;
Please email a resume, cover letter, writing sample and two digital work samples
in a single PDF to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with “First Name Last
Name—Press Assistant” in the Subject Line. Applications will be accepted on a
rolling basis. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression,
pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status, or any other
characteristic protected by applicable law.
MEM-331-24 A Republican Subcommittee Chair is seeking a Staff Assistant for the
Washington, D.C. office. Successful applicants will be motivated, organized,
detail-oriented, responsive, and be able to prioritize and manage multiple tasks
under tight deadlines. Qualified applicants should also possess strong and
effective communication (both verbal and written), interact positively with
constituents, work well in a team environment, and be able to accomplish tasks
with minimal guidance.
Responsibilities of this role include, but are not limited to:
• Greeting guests in the office, answering phone calls, and logging
incoming constituent communications
• Overseeing the front office and providing training to interns
• Providing and coordinating tours of the Capitol, arranging tours of other
national landmarks, and managing the office flag program
Page 9 of 22

•
•

Driving the Member on occasion (vehicle preferred)
Flexibility in supporting the Member and all staff in various roles, both
administrative and legislative.

To apply, please email CapitolHillStaffPosition@gmail.com with a copy of your
resume.
MEM-325-24 The office of Rep. Glenn Ivey seeks a highly motivated, energetic, and detailoriented individual to serve as a Scheduler or Operations Director based in our
DC office.
The Scheduler/Operations Director serves as a key player of the team by
managing the Member’s time. This role reports to and works closely with the
Chief of Staff, but is expected to be a team player and coordinate closely with
the full team about the Member’s schedule.
Key duties include:
● Collaborating with the Member, Chief of Staff, and district staff to determine
and finalize the Member’s daily schedule, long-term schedule, and briefing
materials (e.g., memos, talking points, and speeches)
● Evaluating and organizing all incoming meeting and event requests in
coordination with the Chief of Staff
● Communicating key information regarding the Member and the Member’s
schedule to staff
● Managing Member reimbursement program
● Working closely with both DC and District staff to ensure smooth daily office
operations
● Coordinating the Member’s travel arrangements as well as other staff travel
arrangements when necessary
● Maintaining and implementing administrative office files, policies, and
operating procedures to ensure effective office operation
Successful candidates will have 1-2 years of Scheduling/ Executive Assistant
experience, be highly motivated, eager to learn, able to work in a fast-paced
environment, and, have a problem-solving attitude. A valid driver’s license, safe
driving record, and regular access to a reliable vehicle are required.
The role is based in the Washington DC office. The pay range for this position is
$60,000-75,000, commensurate with experience. Title is also commensurate
with experience.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.

Page 10 of 22

Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. To apply, please email
md04resumes@gmail.com with “Scheduler/Ops Director” in the subject line and
the following application materials attached as one combined PDF:
● Cover letter
● Résumé
● Two references including name, current title and organization, phone number,
email, and a one-sentence description of your relationship to the reference (we
will not contact these references without reaching out to you for your approval)
No phone calls or drop bys, please.
MEM-322-24 Texas GOP Member Seeks Press Assistant
Texas GOP Member of Congress seeks a Press Assistant who is eager to join a
robust communications operation. This is not an entry-level position-- at least
six months to one year of relevant communications experience is required.
Required Skills
Excellent writing ability and attention to detail.
Experience creating graphics and social media branding.
Duties
Develop and assist with press releases, talking points, op-eds, and other
materials as assigned.
Assist with maintaining the office’s website and social media accounts.
Create and edit videos and other digital material.
Monitor the Member's presence and interactions on social media.
Take photos/video at events and meeting.
Compile daily press clips.
Other duties as assigned.
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with
position noted in subject line.
MEM-321-24 Texas GOP Member Seeks Legislative Assistant
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
to develop and plan legislative initiatives;
to monitor legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor;
to meet with constituents and special interest groups on behalf of the Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
at least 1 year of legislative experience in a full-time, paid position or legislative
fellowship
strong academic credentials;
strong leadership and organizational skills;
excellent oral and written communication skills;
Page 11 of 22

thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
ability to work well under pressure;
thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with
position noted in subject line.
MEM-320-24 A conservative Midwest Member of Congress has an immediate need to hire an
experienced full-time Legislative Assistant with a background in agriculture in
the Washington, D.C. office. Interested candidates are encouraged to email their
resume, cover letter, and references to ConservativeRep@mail.house.gov. Please
use ‘Legislative Assistant’ as the subject line, and in the body of the email,
please indicate where you found this job description.
Responsibilities
This Legislative Assistant will serve as the Member's primary expert on
agriculture issues, as well as some other issue areas which will be assigned at the
time of employment. This position will work closely with the Legislative
Director and Chief of Staff to develop and execute a coordinated legislative
strategy for the Member. This position also prepares the Member for Committee
hearings and markups and attends meetings with constituents, visitors, and other
groups.
Preferred Qualifications (not a comprehensive list)
• Agriculture background
• Capitol Hill experience
• Great writer
• Proficient at Microsoft suite
• Detail oriented
• Multitasker
MEM-319-24 A conservative Indiana Member of Congress has an immediate need to hire a
Staff Assistant role for the Washington, D.C. office. Interested candidates are
encouraged to email a resume, cover letter, and references
to ConservativeRep@mail.house.gov. Please use ‘Staff Assistant’ in the subject
line, and, in the body of the email, please indicate where you found this job
description.
Expectations
The Staff Assistant will be expected to manage the front desk during office
hours, handle Capitol and White House tour requests, fulfill flag requests,
support the district office with administrative office needs, and assist the D.C.
Page 12 of 22

office staff with work as assigned. Staff Assistants often provide the first
impression of the office to constituents, guests, and other groups. The
experiences gained in the Staff Assistant role provide a solid foundation to
advance into positions of increasing responsibility.
Preferred Qualifications (not a comprehensive list)
• Indiana ties preferred
• Great interpersonal skills
• Highly organized
• Multitasker
• Good writer
• Proficient at Microsoft suite
MEM-317-24 Congresswoman Mikie Sherrill (NJ-11th) has an opening for a Constituent
Services Caseworker/Field Representative in her Livingston district office.
Primary responsibilities include handling a large docket of constituent casework;
interacting with constituents and government agencies; and representing the
Congresswoman at community events. Federal casework areas will include
immigration casework. Spanish language fluency is an advantage.
This position provides an opportunity to be part of a hard-working cohesive
team and to make a difference in the lives of others. The ideal candidate is selfmotivated, great at multi-tasking, has a strong desire to help people, and has
excellent interpersonal and writing skills. This is a full-time position with federal
benefits.
Applicants must have a car and NJ driver’s license and a clean driving record.
This position requires frequent travel throughout the district and flexible hours,
including nights and weekends. To apply please send resume, cover letter and
references to Jill Hirsch at resumes.nj11@mail.house.gov
No calls or drop-ins. The office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status.
MEM-315-24 The Office of Congressman Don Davis seeks a Staff Assistant for his
Greenville, North Carolina office. This position will support the daily operations
of the Congressman’s district office.
Responsibilities include:
- Operating and managing all aspects of a busy Congressional front office and
reception area.
- Managing and responding to incoming meeting requests under the supervision
Page 13 of 22

of the District Director.
- Tracking and reporting office metrics.
- Providing general administrative support as needed, including logging and
tracking correspondence and constituent requests.
- Drafting statements and general correspondence.
- Coordinating technology support with the tech team.
- Managing the district office intern program.
- Setting up and breaking down for meetings.
- Managing registration tables and booths at fairs.
- Performing other duties as assigned by the District Director.
- Ability to work flexible hours, including occasional Saturdays and weeknights
for events.
Qualifications:
- Commitment to public service.
- Strong attention to detail and ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
- Ability to work effectively as part of a team.
- Organized and solution-oriented mindset.
- Customer service experience is preferred;
- Prior government experience is a plus.
- Familiarity with Eastern North Carolina and ties to the First Congressional
District preferred.
- Computer skills, including proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel,
PowerPoint, Outlook) and Google Workspace (Docs, Sheets, etc.).
- Bachelor’s Degree or 5 five years of experience; or equivalent combination of
education and experience.
- Application Process: Review of applications will commence immediately, with
interviews to follow shortly, aiming for a swift hiring process. Interested
applicants are urged to apply promptly.
- We welcome candidates from diverse backgrounds. Our office is an equal
opportunity employer committed to enforcing non-discrimination protections
based on race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, or national origin.
The Office of Congressman Donald G. Davis is committed to sharing the stories
and advocating daily for the people of eastern North Carolina, ensuring our
constituents are recognized and heard in Washington, D.C. Our mission is to
improve the lives of all families, foster hope, and ensure that eastern North
Carolinians never feel forgotten.
To Apply: Submit a resume, cover letter, and three references (including name,
title, organization, contact details, and your relationship with them) in a single
PDF to nc01resumes@gmail.com. Use the subject line: “Your Full Name – Staff
Assistant.”
MEM-305-24 The Office of Congressman Shri Thanedar (MI-13) seeks a Legislative
Correspondent for his Washington, DC office. Constituent correspondence is a
Page 14 of 22

priority for Congressman Thanedar, and this individual will interact with
constituents and help shape the Congressman’s stance on current events. A
successful candidate will be extremely organized, an excellent writer, a
proactive self-starter, a strategic thinker, and able to work collaboratively as part
of a close-knit team. Candidates with Capitol Hill experience and Michigan ties
are a plus.
Responsibilities include:
• Managing the office’s constituent correspondence program, which
includes drafting individually tailored letters, and generalized “form”
letters
• Consulting with the legislative and communications teams to ensure that
constituent correspondence aligns with the Congressman’s policy stances
• Managing a small legislative portfolio, with issue areas assigned based
on office need and candidate preference
• Directing the office’s intern and fellow programs
• Completing general administrative tasks and special projects as assigned
by the Member
Our office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and a 1-3 page writing sample to
hr.thanedar@mail.house.gov with the subject line "Legislative Correspondent –
Last Name.”
MEM-299-24 Rep. Robert C. “Bobby” Scott (VA-03) is seeking a Legislative Assistant to
join his Washington, D.C. office. This role will primarily cover judiciary issues.
Candidates should have excellent organizational, strategic, writing and
communications skills. This is not an entry level position; one to two years of
congressional experience is preferred.
Essential Job Functions:
Tracks and develops legislation in assigned issue areas via district news,
committee, and floor activity and keeps the member informed
Prepares and staffs the Member for events, speeches, and floor activity in
assigned issue areas
Acts as a liaison with stakeholders, committee, and constituents
Builds and maintains relationships with Congressional staff, stakeholders, and
community leaders
District ties considered. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
Page 15 of 22

disability, gender identity, or sexual orientation. Diverse backgrounds are
encouraged to apply. Materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Please email
a cover letter, resumé, and one brief writing sample in a single PDF to
jobs.va03@mail.house.gov - with subject line [Full Name - Legislative
Assistant]. *Salary commensurate with experience.
Closing date: Friday, August 9, 2024
MEM-292-24 Congresswoman Lizzie Fletcher (TX-7) seeks a positive, well-organized, and
detail-oriented Senior Legislative Assistant for the Washington, DC office.
The Senior LA position will handle a comprehensive portfolio of policy issues
with a focus on flooding and infrastructure, judiciary, and technology and
telecommunications.
Ideal candidates will possess a strong understanding of the legislative process,
work well in a team environment, have excellent writing skills and attention to
detail, and be able to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment.
Responsibilities include drafting legislation and legislative memos, monitoring
committee and floor activities, advancing legislative initiatives, staffing the
Congresswoman at committee and in meetings, working with the outreach team
in district, drafting speeches, and building relationships with constituent groups
and advocacy organizations.
This is not an entry level position. Texas ties are encouraged but not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Interested candidates should email their cover letter, resume, writing sample, and
references to TX07.hiring@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Senior
Legislative Assistant.” No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-290-24 Rep. Dina Titus seeks an organized and detail-oriented Staff Assistant for her
Washington, D.C. office. Primary responsibilities include managing the front
office, answering and logging telephone calls, managing constituent requests
for flags and tours, assisting with constituent correspondence, recruiting and
managing interns, supporting legislative and communications staff, and other
administrative duties.
Candidates should be motivated self-starters with excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal communication skills, strong organizational skills, demonstrate
an ability to think quickly when troubleshooting, and maintain a positive
Page 16 of 22

demeanor in a busy environment. Capitol Hill or other relevant experience is
preferred.
Candidates with a diverse background, Nevada state ties, and Spanishlanguage proficiency are strongly encouraged to apply. Rep. Titus is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Those interested in applying should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and one
short writing samples to NV01Jobs@gmail.com subject: “Staff Assistant”.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis and will remain open until the
position is filled.
MEM-287-24 Texas GOP Member of Congress seeks a Press Assistant who is eager to join
a robust communications operation. This is not an entry-level position-- at
least six months to one year of relevant communications experience is
required.
Required Skills
Excellent writing ability and attention to detail.
Experience creating graphics and social media branding.
Duties
*Develop and assist with press releases, talking points, op-eds, and other
materials as assigned.
*Assist with maintaining the office’s website and social media accounts.
*Create and edit videos and other digital material.
*Monitor the Member's presence and interactions on social media.
*Take photos/video at events and meeting.
*Compile daily press clips.
*Other duties as assigned.
To apply, please send resumes to housegopemployment@gmail.com with
position noted in subject line.

MEM-238-24

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full-time Staff Assistant in
her Washington, DC office.
The staff assistant will work closely with the chief of staff and the scheduler, and
responsibilities include managing the front office and welcoming constituents and
other visitors; driving the Member; processing incoming mail, phone calls, and
constituent requests including tours and flags; managing the intern program;
greeting visitors; providing administrative support for the office including
support for events; and other duties assisting the staff and Member as assigned.
Page 17 of 22

Applicants should be detail-oriented, proactive, calm under pressure, able to
exercise discretion, eager to work in a fast-paced office, and willing to work
flexible hours when the Member is in DC. Strong communication, logistical,
interpersonal, and organizational skills are essential.
Applicants must have a valid driver’s license, a clean driving record, and be
comfortable driving in DC. Access to personal car preferred, although not
required. This role provides a unique entry level opportunity to work closely with
a senior Member of Congress.
TO APPLY: please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample (1-2 pages), and
two reference contacts in a single pdf file
to Daniel.Robillard@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant: [Your
name (First/Last)]” No calls or walk-ins, please. This office is an equal
opportunity employer and encourages all qualified candidates to apply.
Connecticut ties are a plus.
MEM-236-24

Congresswoman Sylvia Garcia seeks a Communications Director/Press
Secretary for her DC office. The position requires some travel to the district to
support media relations and press events and supervises a talented
communications team. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply as soon as
possible.
Job Expectations:
The Communications Director/Press Secretary is expected to work closely with
the Chief of Staff, Legislative Director and District Director to develop and
execute a comprehensive and aggressive strategic plan to inform constituents and
the media on issues that are important to the Congresswoman. This includes
making media pitches, organizing press events, and reviewing, drafting, and
finalizing statements, remarks/speeches, press releases, media advisories, and
other messaging (e.g., social media). Finally, the Communications Director/Press
Secretary will work closely with and manage other members of the
communications team, including the DC-based speechwriter and the districtbased communications assistant.
Ideal candidates will be bilingual in Spanish, demonstrate a successful track
record of communications experience, and have supervisory experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Garcia is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. We strongly value the diversity
of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and 1-2 short writing
samples to TX29Jobs@Gmail.com with “Communications” in the subject line.
The title and salary are commensurate with experience.
Page 18 of 22

MEM-180-24

Congressman Steven Horsford’s District Office is seeking to hire a full-time
District Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated
individual to join our high- energy team.
Job Summary:
Under the supervision of the District Director, the District Representative acts as
the representative for the Member. District Representative responsibilities include
strengthening relationships with key stakeholders, as well as attending
engagements on behalf of the Member. Caseworker responsibilities include
helping constituents resolve problems with federal agencies through written and
verbal communication.
Responsibilities:
Outreach Responsibilities:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals.
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities.
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders.
•Organize and participate in community events, town halls, and outreach
campaigns to engage constituents.
Casework Responsibilities:
•Act as the representative for the Member within his or her area of responsibility,
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies.
•Handle casework assignments and assess casework for problems requiring
legislative action, making recommendations to the District Director and Chief of
Staff.
•Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Member with constituents.
Communications and Professionalism:
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Member, staff, and constituents.
•Accept performance-based criticism and directions.
•Work well under pressure and handle stress.
•Work a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends.
•Perform other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
•Political knowledge and comfortable navigating complicated situations
•Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer
service manners; public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional
nights, weekends and some holidays.
Page 19 of 22

Benefits:
•Comprehensive health insurance coverage, including medical, dental, and vision
plans.
•Paid annual and sick leave.
•Thrift Savings Plan Retirement program.
•Student Loan Repayment.
•Health and Wellness programs.
•Transit Benefits.
•House Professional Development programs.
•Employee purchasing/government discounts
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with District 4 community is preferred.
Application Instructions:
This is a full-time position based in the North Las Vegas district office. Salary is
competitive and commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, individuals
with disabilities, and veteran
are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples
(no longer than two pages) and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with "District Representative,” [Last Name,
First Name]" in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-155-24

PRESS SECRETARY- The Office of Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03)
seeks an experienced Press Secretary for her Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates must be able to manage media relations, press opportunities, and
messaging for a senior member of Congress. This role reports to the
Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates with established, active
relationships with top-tier national media outlets and on-the-record experience
will receive preferred consideration. Ohio ties are preferred, but not required.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as the primary contact for media requests, pitching and securing media
opportunities in top-tier national outlets, coordinating necessary preparations,
messaging, and risk management.
•Advance press events and staff the Member as needed for media engagements.
•Establish and maintain relationships with Ohio media, and activate current
relationships with national, and D.C.-based media.
•Draft and distribute media materials including press releases, statements, media
advisories, and op-eds.
Page 20 of 22

•Assist with developing social media content creation, including rapid response.
•Complete special projects.
•Develop and execute media strategy as part of the office’s larger
communications strategy.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
The Office of Congresswoman Beatty is an Equal Opportunity Employer who
does not discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, sex
(including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, sexual orientation,
marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee
organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit
factor. LGBTQ+, and minority candidates as well as candidates from
underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
Please submit your resume and cover letter to oh3.jobs@mail.house.gov using the
following subject header: PRESS SECRETARY: First name, Last name.
MEM-135-24

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.

Page 21 of 22

•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Page 22 of 22

