House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 29, 2020

MEM-175-20

“Democratic Leadership office seeks an innovative, diligent and solutionsoriented individual to create, manage and track the success of digital and
social media campaigns and messaging, maintain a weekly posting schedule
for all social media platforms and assist the Digital Director as-needed.
The Digital Manager is responsible for crafting social media content along
with managing digital projects with a focus on opportunities for growth and
expansion. The Digital Manager will also assist and serve as a thought partner
on implementation of social media, design, cross-departmental projects asneeded and other critical Caucus projects.
The Digital Manager will also supervise the Digital Assistant and department
interns including reviewing and editing content, providing feedback and
serving as a cross-team editor on digital and written content. The Digital
Manager will report directly to the Digital Director. Candidates must be
proactive project managers, excellent writers, meticulous proofreaders and
have at least two years of experience managing digital campaigns and/or
social media programs in a fast-paced environment.

Page 1 of 12

Candidates with strong proficiency in photography, audio/video editing,
Adobe Creative Suite products (e.g. InDesign, Photoshop, Premiere Pro and
Illustrator) are strongly encouraged to apply. Fluency with social media
platforms including Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat is required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and
inclusive workforce and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color,
age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability.
Women and minority applicants are encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send PDFs of resume, cover letter, social media writing
sample and digital portfolio / website links and three professional references
to DemCaucus.Jobs@mail.house.gov with name and “2020 Digital Manager
Application” in the subject line.
Absolutely no phone calls or drop-ins please.”
MEM-171-20

Orange County Democrat seeks a Field Representative. The ideal candidate
is proactive, highly- organized, detail-oriented, friendly, and has strong
written and verbal communication skills in both English and a second
language. Preference will be given to candidates who are fluent in Spanish,
Farsi, Mandarin, or Korean.
The Field Representative will serve as the Congresswoman’s in-district
liaison for a broad portfolio of issue areas and constituency groups.
Responsibilities and expectations include, but are not limited to:
•Write, develop, and execute a strategic plan to build connections between
community members and the Congresswoman
•Establish and maintain in-district stakeholder relationships
•Be knowledgeable on issue areas regarding the district and the
Congresswoman’s priorities
•Plan and execute in-district events, including preparing written briefs and
memos
•Conduct outreach to constituents to inform and promote office services
•Write constituent correspondence relating to issue areas
•Regularly communicate with DC counterparts on issues, events, and
communications
The Field Representative will be required to work some evenings and portions
of weekends to accommodate community events and constituent needs.
Reliable car transportation is needed to travel within the district; mileage is
reimbursed.

Page 2 of 12

Candidates should submit a cover letter and resume to dd45lb@gmail.com
with “Field Representative” in the subject line.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified candidates are
encouraged to apply.
MEM-168-20

The House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Immigration and
Citizenship (Majority) seeks a Legislative Aide/Professional Staff Member
to handle clerking responsibilities; provide support to Subcommittee Counsels
on legislative, procedural, and policy matters; and complete administrative
tasks.
Duties include:
•Preparing and circulating official notices and materials, maintaining official
hearing records, and staffing Subcommittee hearings and markups.
•Preparing for hearings and markups by assisting Subcommittee Counsels
with written materials for Members, vetting and preparing witnesses, and
coordinating with Subcommittee Member offices on hearing and markup
logistics.
•Providing support to Subcommittee Counsels and Democratic Member
offices on immigration-related legislative and policy matters, as well as
procedural issues relating to Committee business.
•Assisting with Subcommittee investigations and other oversight activities,
including by maintaining and analyzing document productions provided by
government and nongovernmental entities.
•Providing administrative assistance to the Subcommittee, including
answering phone calls, managing incoming and outgoing correspondence, and
logging and tracking bills referred to the Subcommittee.
Candidates must be highly organized, detail-oriented, and capable of thriving
in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment. Candidates should have
prior Hill experience, ideally with a Congressional Committee. Previous
immigration policy experience is a plus, but not required.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.
The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and
include “Legislative Aide” in the subject line.

Page 3 of 12

MEM-167-20

The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) is seeking a
Communications Director to manage a proactive, robust operation.
The Communications Director will develop and implement media,
communications, and public relations strategy for the Member’s legislative
and outreach items, identify and message to strategic constituencies in VA-01,
and develop a proactive constituent communications strategy and plan to
creatively and effectively communicate the Member’s messages through
traditional, as well as digital venues.
Primary job functions include messaging prep for the Member, producing
talking points for speeches and appearances, developing mass mail plan and
content, coordinating defense press strategy and op-eds, producing weekly
update, overseeing proactive constituent coalitions email and 499 program,
managing telephone town hall and town hall program, and overseeing
Member’s website and social media sites.
Candidate will work as part of a two-person communications team and will
work closely with legislative staff. The ideal candidate is a proactive
communicator who can work under tight deadlines and on both short and
long-term projects simultaneously.
Candidate must be prepared to work in a collaborative environment that
requires a high level of writing and content generation.
Candidates must have previous congressional or political communications
experience. Virginia ties are helpful but not required.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume to
Carolyn.King@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the
subject line.

MEM-165-20

Southern Member seeks a Staff Assistant for their Washington, D.C. office.
Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized,
detail-oriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal skills, and
ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates must demonstrate excellent “people skills,” most importantly
displaying personability in all interactions, and a strong commitment to
providing outstanding constituent service.
The ideal candidate should: be able to think on their feet, be a problem-solver,
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multi-task, demonstrate
excellent oral and written skills, maintain a positive demeanor, and
demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.

Page 4 of 12

Primary responsibilities include: managing the front office, including
answering, appropriately logging, and directing telephone calls; greeting
visitors; monitoring office deliveries; distributing hard and electronic mail;
and other administrative duties.
The Staff Assistant will also serve as the office tour coordinator and will be
responsible for managing constituent requests for Capitol and White House
tours, as well as constituent requests for flags flown over the Capitol.
Please submit a resume as well as a list of references to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
MEM-164-20

“Prominent West Coast Progressive seeks self-motivated, organized and
creative Press Assistant to work in Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities will include compiling press clips, drafting press materials,
updating the website, staffing the member, and assisting in management of
high-profile social media accounts.
Candidates should have a passion for progressive politics and enjoy working
in a collaborative environment. Experience with graphic design, video
production and photography is a plus. Hill experience preferred.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity or expression, or sexual orientation.
We strongly value the diversity of our employees.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume and short writing sample to
lee.resumes@mail.house.gov with “Press Assistant” in the subject line.”

MEM-162-20

Legislative Assistant and Professional Staff Member
Chairman Gerald E. Connolly seeks an exceptional, self-motivated candidate
to staff Mr. Connolly on all Committee on Oversight and Reform activities.
The position is shared between the personal office and the Subcommittee on
Government Operations.
The position offers the opportunity to help lead an effective and fast-paced
Subcommittee with a broad jurisdiction and significant legislative authority.
The Subcommittee has a wide reach and seeks to improve government across
the entire enterprise of its operations.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•designing and preparing congressional hearings;
Page 5 of 12

•working with multiple stakeholders to design legislative solutions to address
complex national policy concerns;
•writing statements and speeches;
•conducting legal and factual research;
•drafting memoranda;
•ensuring Government Operations priorities are reflected in appropriations
and defense authorization bills;
•engaging the Chairman’s constituents and ensuring their needs and priorities
are reflected in Committee oversight and legislation;
•and leading oversight initiatives.
The Chairman is particularly interested in candidates with a deep knowledge
of and an interest in engaging:
oFederal information technology modernization and improvement;
oSafe agency adaptation of new technologies and IT security practices,
including cloud computing;
oIssues of federalism and engaging state, local, and tribal governments;
oEnsuring the federal workforce, including civil servants and contractors,
have the resources they need to serve the nation;
oWays to prevent the Trump Administration from damaging a merit-based
civil service and our federal oversight infrastructure of federal inspectors
general.
The individual who fills this role will have the opportunity to influence
federal IT policy across the government and to help the Chairman find new
ways to use oversight to encourage agencies to improve their technology
postures and ensure the acquisition of technologies that can improve every
operation of our federal government.
The right candidate will serve as a critical leader of a close-knit team and will
have the opportunity to work both with the full Committee and with Chairman
Connolly’s personal office staff.
This person will keep Chairman Connolly fully informed of and staff all
Oversight and Reform Committee events and activities and be an integral
member of the personal office and subcommittee staff.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii)
expertise in some of the areas described above (iii) the ability to work closely
with a team and remain entrepreneurial. They also must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills. Applicants should be willing
to be in the office full time and be able to attend work duties on some
evenings and weekends.

Page 6 of 12

The Office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment.
Applications: Interested applicants should apply to this position by emailing a
cover letter and resume to Government.Operations@mail.house.gov with
“Oversight” in the subject line.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-159-20

Progressive Southern California Democrat seeks a highly talented and
motivated individual to serve as a Legislative Assistant in Washington, DC
House office - with the primary responsibilities of handling the Member’s
immigration and housing portfolio, Homeland Security Committee work, and
serve as Member’s liaison to Congressional Hispanic Caucus. Candidates
must have a proven record of proposing legislation, developing amendments,
and leading on letters.
Primary responsibilities include:
•Drafting legislation and amendments and advancing them through various
legislative vehicles;
•Preparing hearing binders and questions for witnesses for Homeland Security
Committee hearings;
•Drafting talking points, vote recommendations and other materials;
•Monitoring and analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings,
news stories and other relevant info; and
•Representing the Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.
Candidates must have an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in
a fast-paced work environment. Strong organizational and time management
skills, excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a keen attention
to detail are required.
Spanish language skills strongly preferred.
This is not an entry level legislative position. Please e-mail a resume, cover
letter including salary requirements, and writing sample to:
Resume.Inbox44@mail.house.gov
The Office is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and all qualified
candidates are encouraged to apply.

MEM-157-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire a Research
and Data Analyst. In this capacity the Analyst will be responsible for leading
data and research collection and analysis for the Office of Diversity and
Inclusion.

Page 7 of 12

This individual will lead the development of the required diversity report,
maintain key metrics and key performance indicators for the Office, and serve
as a resource for external and internal diversity best practices.
This individual will also serve as the project manager for any consultants
and/or contractors with whom the Office may engage to support the
completion of the diversity report and to develop relevant diversity and
inclusion-based training, in collaboration with the Congressional Staff
Academy.
Key Responsibilities:
• This staffer will assist in the translation of research findings into materials
that staff can effectively utilize in their engagements with Members and
Member offices.
• Provide research support on diversity and inclusion studies, techniques and
tools.
• Serve as project manager for the diversity report and, where necessary,
direct and coordinate activities of external consultants.
• Research and study best practices for retention and growth in House
employing offices.
• Lead data tracking and reporting with a focus on performance and results.
• Prepare regular updates and briefing documents on research that is relevant
to House employing offices.
• Assist with the development and delivery of training sessions and, as
needed, conduct presentations at professional conferences and meetings.
Qualifications:
Master’s degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field; or equivalent
level of experience providing technical assistance, data collections and/or
research.
• Must have knowledge and experience in diversity, equity, and inclusion
research efforts, ideally with a strong background in curriculum development.
Current working knowledge of coalition functioning, evaluation and research.
• Quantitative and qualitative evaluation and research skills.
• Expertise using relevant software.
• Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a
diverse team.
• Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on
assignment.
• Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
• Extensive computer skills, including data input.
Interested candidates should send an email to Diverse.House@mail.house.gov
with “Research and Data Analyst” in the subject line and. Women, minority,

Page 8 of 12

veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-155-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire two (2)
Professional Staffers of Member and Candidate Services. The professional
staffers will be responsible for corresponding and providing direct support to
House employing offices in the areas of diversity and inclusion training,
consulting and applicant placement.
These individuals will also be responsible for corresponding and providing
direct support to candidates by providing applicant coaching and preparedness
services.
Position requires exceptional interpersonal skills, a hospitality-minded
approach, excellent organizational skills and attention to detail. The ideal
candidate will have experience working on Capitol Hill and will bring
experience in office administration, database system management, program
management and event planning.
Key Responsibilities:
• Establish relationships with House employing offices.
• Determine Member office staffing needs through initial assessment and
ongoing meetings.
• Drive increased participation in programs and services.
• Create and maintain diversity and inclusion resource materials (diversity and
inclusion handbook, best practice documents, etc.) for dissemination to House
employing offices.
• Database management for candidate selection and placement.
• Conduct initial assessment for applicants including resume reviews and
advising.
• Conduct mock interviews and exit interviews for applicants.
• Represent the Office at internal and external engagements as needed.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree and a combination of knowledge and experience in
diversity and inclusion issues in the public and/or private sectors. The
individual must be a self-starter with a history of working collaboratively with
a diverse cross section of stakeholders. Experience in building consensus and
gaining support around challenging issues.
• Experience with program management and implementation.
• Experience with computers and working knowledge of Word, Excel, and
social media.
• Management experience in hiring, and supervision of staff.

Page 9 of 12

Interested candidates should apply by following the instructions
here https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/84?c=house
Candidates will be asked to upload a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-154-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking a Communications
Manager. The communications manager will be responsible for helping to
“tell the story” of the office with internal and external audiences.
This individual will develop and drive communications and outreach efforts
targeting House Offices, ensuring that they are aware of the ways in which the
House Office of Diversity and Inclusion can support diversity objectives.
This individual will also help to communicate the diversity “business case,”
and support writing and creative needs for the Office.
Successful candidate must be results-driven and proactive in the application
of innovative and creative approaches to drive engagement with House
Offices.
Key Responsibilities:
• Responsible for the development/production of content across multiple
platforms including photography, videos, infographics, and other creative
executions for Member offices, events, trainings and research products.
• Manage the Office of Diversity and Inclusion web site, newsletter, and
social media platforms. Activity includes drafting and scheduling content,
monitoring for mentions, identifying opportunities for engagement, updating
follower lists, and keeping up with social media trends.
• Repurpose existing content and find opportunities for new content.
• Support the House D&I program with writing and implementation as
needed.
• Perform other duties and projects as assigned
Qualifications:
• Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Digital Communications,
Publishing, or Content Production.
• Have a strong knowledge of social media and content trends, and emerging
technologies and platforms. Have a working knowledge of digital and social
Page 10 of 12

media metrics.
• The ideal candidate will have a background in photography and video
production and editing and have a strong focus on storytelling.
• Experience with social media community management required
• Excellent writing skills required
• Design knowledge strongly preferred
• Extensive experience handling multiple projects from ideation to final
delivery
• Knowledge and understanding of Canva, Adobe Creative Cloud apps
including Premiere Pro, Photoshop, Illustrator, Media Encoder and After
Effects are preferred.
Interested candidates should send an email to Diverse.House@mail.house.gov
with “Communications Manager” in the subject line and include a cover
letter, resume, a writing sample, and digital portfolio.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill,
as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of
relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing
statements and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references.
Please send applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Page 11 of 12

Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects.
A flexible schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 12 of 12

