________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 7, 2020

MEM-306-20

Communications Director
U.S. Congressman Steven Horsford
4th District of Nevada
Democrat seeks an experienced Communications Director to implement a
focused and innovative communications strategy.
Responsibilities include:
- maintaining relationships with both national and local reporters,
- organizing and replying to inquiries,
- proactively pitching stories;
- drafting and editing press releases,
- developing an aggressive and responsive social media program;
- writing op-eds, talking points, newsletters, mailers, and speeches;
- managing the current press secretary,
- oversee franked communications and a robust 499 program
- working collaboratively with District Office and legislative staff to amplify the
office’s work.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of political communications
experience, a strong history of drafting all forms of communications materials,
Page 1 of 9

and a track record of successfully pitching national and local media outlets. Prior
experience managing franked communications is a plus. Experience in digital
media, including social media and graphic/video design, is a plus.
The ideal candidate is collaborative, creative, energetic, detail-oriented, able to
multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fast-paced and
demanding setting. Nevada ties are a plus. Professional proficiency in Spanishlanguage reading, writing, and speech is a plus. Prior Hill experience is preferred.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three writing samples, and three
professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file and
received by December 18, 2020, at 3:00 p.m. PST.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-304-20

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – Active Illinois Democrat serving on the
House Energy and Commerce Committee, is seeking an experienced and selfmotivated Communications Director to manage the office's press and
communications operations.
The position will oversee all communications and digital media functions of the
office, including pitching and fielding a high volume of press requests;
maintaining relationships with national and district media; writing press releases,
op-eds, speeches, newsletters, and talking points; leading interview preparation
and media relations efforts; manage all social media channels and web content;
and manage the work of the District Press Secretary and other staff.
Candidates must possess strong writing skills, creativity, the ability to operate in
a fast-paced office under strict deadlines, and be able to work collaboratively with
both DC and district staff. Ideal candidates should have previous Capitol Hill
experience, established media relationships and on-the record experience,
experience working with media bookers and the ability to operate proactively and
independently.
This is not an entry level position. Working knowledge of health, gun violence
prevention or tech/telecom policy is a plus but not required. Illinois/Chicago ties
are also a plus but not required.
Applicants should email a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples, and
references to ILStaffingResumes@gmail.com with “Communications Director”
in the subject line. No other phone calls, faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.

Page 2 of 9

MEM-302-20

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful. The ideal candidate will have significant
experience interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication
skills and a working knowledge or strong interest in the District of Columbia and
its local government. Candidate must possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be
willing to become, a resident of the District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-301-20

The office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Co-Chair of the
Congressional Progressive Caucus, seeks an experienced and creative digital
communications associate with exceptional writing abilities to lead the office’s
efforts online. This is not an entry level position.
Reporting to the Communications Director and working in a fast-paced
environment, the Digital Communications Associate will be responsible for the
development and daily execution of the office’s digital strategy—including
creating social media posts in the voice of the Congresswoman, compelling
graphics, engaging videos, captioned clips, policy-based blog posts, informative
newsletters, and well-written video scripts. This individual will also manage the
website.
Additionally, they will be expected to closely coordinate with the legislative
team, the district office, fellow Capitol Hill offices, and outside groups on events,
forums, panels, and other speaking engagements. A crucial element of these
events will be helping to draft briefing documents, talking points, and remarks.
Digital Content: Applicants should be proficient in graphic design and video
editing. This person will be responsible for proactively pitching and creating
Page 3 of 9

graphics, videos, GIFs, and other digital content that is compelling, engaging, onbrand, and error free. In addition to managing a long-term strategic digital content
calendar, they will be expected to create content for rollouts and rapid response
opportunities. This includes clipping, captioning, and posting committee remarks,
floor speeches, and interviews.
Social Media: The Digital Communications Associate will manage the
Congresswoman’s social media platforms—including Twitter, Facebook, and
Instagram. This individual will be expected to proactively draft content in the
voice of the Congresswoman each day in addition to quickly responding to news
articles, Capitol Hill developments, and other rapid response moments.
Applicants should have a passion for breaking down policy, current events, and
news. They will also need to track social media requests from the legislative and
district teams.
Writing: This position requires strong writing under tight deadlines. In addition to
writing social media content, this person will regularly write video scripts,
newsletters, and blog posts. The Digital Communications Associate will also help
the Communications Director draft briefing documents, talking points, and
remarks.
Interpersonal Communications: This position requires working in a team setting
under pressure. The Digital Communications Associate will not only work with
the legislative and district teams but also with outside groups. This individual will
track and coordinate speaking engagements, work closely with event organizers
on details, and ensure briefings have the information necessary for success.
TO APPLY, please send a résumé, video sample, graphic sample, and writing
sample to Jobs.Pramila@mail.house.gov with “Digital Communications
Associate” in the subject line.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Applications
will be accepted and reviewed on a rolling basis. This position will begin
remotely before working out of the Congresswoman’s Washington, DC office.
MEM-300-20

Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-7) seeks a Scheduler. Applicants should be highly
attentive to detail, able to juggle multiple competing priorities, and have a
“customer service” mentality. VA-07 ties a plus. Experience working in a
Congressional office or on a campaign is preferred, but scheduling or other
relevant experience outside of these contexts will be considered.
The office is primarily working remotely during the pandemic, with occasional
in-person work that is optional and handled in a socially-distanced, COVID-safe
manner. When the office returns to in-person work, this position will be based in
Page 4 of 9

the Congresswoman’s Washington, DC office.
To apply, please submit a cover letter that addresses how your skills match the
needs of this position, a one-page resume, 2-3 references, and answers to the
following three additional questions
to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “DC Scheduler” in the subject line.
Competitive salary commensurate with experience.
Three additional questions:
1.If Rep. Spanberger was taking a meeting with a stakeholder group, what
information would you want to make sure she had in advance of that meeting?
2.The person in this role may get dozens of requests every day for
meetings/events for Rep. Spanberger to attend. What would be your system for
tracking/responding to those invitations?
3.Do you have a salary requirement or expected salary range?
MEM-298-20

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks an
elementary and secondary education (K-12) legislative assistant.
This position will work on the education team, supporting the work of the
Professional Staff. Candidates should have familiarity with federal education
policy, including the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, General
Education Provisions Act, Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act,
and the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. Knowledge of other statutes
and policies within the Committee’s jurisdiction and how they impact elementary
and secondary education policy is required.
Applicants should have at least two years of policy or legal experience; prior Hill
experience is preferred but not necessary. Tasks will include supporting the
development of legislation, providing technical assistance to the Committee and
Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing written materials and
legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of committee proceedings and
events related to K-12 education.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, and two short writing
samples to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "K-12 Education Legislative
Assistant" in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-296-20

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff, seeks a Policy Analyst
for the Consumer Protection Subcommittee staff.

Page 5 of 9

The broad jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes consumer protection
generally; motor vehicle safety; consumer product safety; regulation of
commercial practices, including sports-related matters; consumer privacy and
data security; and travel, tourism, and time. The subcommittee oversees the
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the Consumer Product Safety
Commission, and the Federal Trade Commission, among others.
The position requires the handling of substantive legislative and administrative
tasks, including staffing hearings and markups, conducting oversight, and
drafting legislation.
Qualified candidates must have a minimum of 1-2 years of experience in the
House of Representatives, strong writing, analytical, and legislative skills; sound
political judgment; a proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling
multiple tasks with competing priorities; and a willingness to work long hours
and weekends. Candidates should have experience working with relevant public
interest groups, relevant agencies, Congress, and industry.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and at least two
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line
“Consumer Protection PA Candidate [your last name].”
MEM-292-20

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Professional Staff member responsible for labor policy legislation, with a dual
focus on workforce development programs, and workplace safety and
health/mine safety and health.
The successful applicant will work with lead labor policy staff in both areas to
organize and prepare materials for legislative hearings, markups and floor
activity; track floor and other committees’ activities; research, review and draft
legislation; solicit input from stakeholders; draft letters, dear colleagues and
memos; track regulatory developments; support Member requests for assistance;
and coordinate with oversight and communications teams in support of the
Committee’s agenda.
Applicants should have at least 3 years of experience in Congress, federal agency
or advocacy organization working on labor policy issues with in-depth
knowledge of federal workforce development programs and/or workplace health
and safety. An advanced degree in either area can substitute for experience. This
position is writing intensive and requires the ideal candidate to have exceptional
writing, communication, and organizational skills. Must demonstrate the ability
to successfully manage multiple projects under deadlines; display a collaborative
disposition; and a commitment to social justice and expanding economic
opportunity.
Page 6 of 9

To apply, applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, 3-5 page writing sample,
and 3 professional references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Labor
Professional Staff" in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-280-20

Texas Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant/Driver to assist the Washington D.C.
Office. The office maintains a state of telework, however this position will need
to report to the D.C. office when the House Floor is in session.
Primary duties will include driving the Member to and from events during regular
office hours, after hours, and occasional weekends, ensuring the member’s
schedule is executed according to plan, handling tour and flag requests, helping
manage the internship program, managing the incoming calls and voicemails to
both offices phone systems, coordinating member correspondence, and assisting
the Washington D.C. office with legislative work. Qualified candidates must have
an impeccable driving record and a vehicle.
At such time as the COVID-19 pandemic allows, this individual will fulfill the
role of the Staff Assistant in the Washington D.C. office. Those responsibilities
will include staffing and managing the front office, answering the phone, greeting
visitors, and providing additional office support as needed.
Interested candidates should submit a cover letter and resume
to TX29SG.Resumes@mail.house.gov. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, age, disability, or sexual orientation.

MEM-278-20

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff, seeks a
Counsel/Professional Staff Member for the Consumer Protection Subcommittee
staff to handle portfolio that includes Federal Trade Commission oversight, unfair
and deceptive practices, consumer privacy and data security, and technology,
among other issues. This is not an entry level position.
Responsibilities include staffing hearings and markups, conducting oversight,
drafting legislation, and advising staff and members on legislative and nonlegislative matters.
Qualified candidates must have a minimum of 4 years of experience in the U.S.
House of Representatives, be knowledgeable of current legislative and nonlegislative issues before the subcommittee, and have a thorough understanding of
the legislative process and the organization and procedures of the House of
Representatives.
Page 7 of 9

Strong writing, analytical, and legislative skills; sound political judgment; a
proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities; and a willingness to work long hours and weekends are a
must. Candidates should also have experience working with relevant public
interest groups, agencies, Congress, and industry stakeholders.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Please submit a cover letter, resume, short writing sample, and at least two
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line
Consumer Protection Counsel/PSM Candidate.
MEM-206-20

The House Office of Diversity and Inclusion is seeking to hire a Research and
Data Analyst.
In this capacity the Analyst will be responsible for leading data and research
collection and analysis for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion. This individual
will lead the development of the required diversity report, maintain key metrics
and key performance indicators for the Office, and serve as a resource for
external and internal diversity best practices.
This individual will also serve as the project manager for any consultants and/or
contractors with whom the Office may engage to support the completion of the
diversity report and to develop relevant diversity and inclusion-based training, in
collaboration with the Congressional Staff Academy.
Key Responsibilities
• This staffer will assist in the translation of research findings into materials that
staff can effectively utilize in their engagements with Members and Member
offices.
• Provide research support on diversity and inclusion studies, techniques and
tools.
• Serve as project manager for the diversity report and, where necessary, direct
and coordinate activities of external consultants.
• Research and study best practices for retention and growth in House employing
offices.
• Lead data tracking and reporting with a focus on performance and results.
• Prepare regular updates and briefing documents on research that is relevant to
House employing offices.
• Assist with the development and delivery of training sessions and, as needed,
conduct presentations at professional conferences and meetings.
Master’s degree in social or behavioral sciences or related field; or equivalent
level of experience providing technical assistance, data collections and/or
research.

Page 8 of 9

• Must have knowledge and experience in diversity, equity, and inclusion
research efforts, ideally with a strong background in curriculum development.
Current working knowledge of coalition functioning, evaluation and research.
• Quantitative and qualitative evaluation and research skills.
• Expertise using relevant software.
• Customer-service orientation and ability to work harmoniously with a diverse
team.
• Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on
assignment.
• Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, initiate project activities, and work on
multiple assignments simultaneously.
• Extensive computer skills, including data input.
Interested candidates should apply by following the instructions here:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/86?c=house
Candidates will be asked to upload a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Women, minority, veterans, people of all political ideologies, and LGBTQ+
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins please.

Page 9 of 9

