________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 15, 2021

MEM-526-21

Press Assistant/Deputy Press Secretary
Congressman Jared Golden’s office seeks a creative and driven junior
communications staffer to work in his Washington, DC office. This position will
report to the communications director and will be responsible for drafting press
materials like releases and statements, creating content for and helping to manage
social media platforms and e-newsletter programs, maintaining the
Congressman’s website, and other activities to support the work of a lean, nofrills, district-focused communications team.
Ideal candidates will understand and be motivated by the challenges of working
in a swing district for an independent-minded member. To be successful in this
position, you must be a good writer who is proactive, can solve problems
independently, and firmly grasps the issues that will and won’t resonate in a rural
district. Previous experience working in communications for a member in a swing
district or on a competitive campaign is preferred. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences and applicants from Maine are strongly encouraged
to apply.
Position title and compensation commensurate with experience. Qualified
candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, a short writing sample, and an
example of a week-long social media plan they would implement for the
congressman to NECommsResumes@gmail.com by COB Friday, November 26.
Page 1 of 23

MEM-525-21

Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) seeks an experienced and creative
Digital Director to join an active communications team and manage all digital
communications for his official office.
This role will work closely with the Communications Director to develop and
execute the Congressman’s long-term communications plan. The Digital Director
will be responsible for developing a long-term digital strategy and plan for the
office, managing and updating the official website, developing daily content for
all social media platforms, creating regular content for all social media platforms
including compelling videos, graphics, and other shareable visuals, expanding the
e-newsletter program, and analyzing online engagement for future optimization.
Applicants should be innovative, hard-working, detail-oriented, creative, strong
writers, and team players who can work closely with other members of the
communications and policy teams and an active mentor for junior staffers.
Applicants must also have a deep understanding of digital tools and experience
with graphic design, video production, and photography.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill, campaign, or digital
agency experience strongly preferred. Ties to New York are preferred but not
required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender
identity, or disability. Please email a cover letter, resume, and a portfolio of past
digital work to ny18applications@gmail.com

MEM-520-21

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT — Rep. Jim Costa (CA-16) seeks a Legislative
Assistant in his Washington, DC office.
The Legislative Assistant will handle a diverse portfolio of issues including
Health Care, Education, Labor, Housing, and Immigration, among others.
Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, monitoring legislative priorities
both on and off committees of jurisdiction, taking meetings and building
relationships with constituent groups, providing vote recommendations, advising
the Member on policy issues, and performing other tasks as required.
Candidates should have at least two years of Capitol Hill or relevant policy
experience, be highly motivated, detail-oriented professionals with strong
organizational and time-management skills, as well as positive attitudes, and
pride in work. Applicants with ties to California’s 16th Congressional District are
strongly encouraged to apply. Spanish fluency is a plus.

Page 2 of 23

Please e-mail cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample in a single PDF to
resume@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line by 5:00
PM ET on Friday November 19, 2021.
Absolutely no phone calls, e-mails, or walk-ins. The Office of Representative
Costa is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining an
inclusive and diverse work environment.
MEM-516-21

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn
Maloney (D-NY) seeks to fill a Senior Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
Several years of investigative or litigation experience is required. Health care
sector experience or policy background is strongly preferred. Responsibilities
include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and managing
congressional investigations and hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds
and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Senior Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter
with the file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume”
and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.”
No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-515-21

Staff Assistant /District Field Representative – The district office of
Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. seeks a hard-working, organized individual to
serve as a Staff Assistant & District Field Representative.
This position primarily entails constituent casework and member staffing
responsibilities including driving the member of Congress to and from events and
meetings. Other responsibilities include meeting with local community officials,
representing the Congressman at community and governmental events, special
projects, as well as general office work.
Candidates should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and
must enjoy working with the public. Prior experience in government, the nonprofit sector, community and grassroots organizing is preferred. Applicant must
have a valid driver license and full access to a vehicle. This position is based in
New Jersey.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and references by
email to NJ06.Jobs@mail.house.gov

Page 3 of 23

MEM-509-21

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester (DE-At Large) seeks an organized and
highly motivated Legislative Correspondent with excellent written and oral
communication skills for her Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include managing the Member’s constituent correspondence
program, responding to incoming mail in the Member’s voice in a timely manner,
researching and drafting correspondence in collaboration with the legislative and
communications team, maintaining and analyzing the constituent database with
complete and current information, and supporting the execution of a variety of
constituent-facing projects. This position also offers the opportunity to develop
and manage a legislative portfolio, commensurate with experience.
The ideal candidate will have prior Hill experience, excellent attention to detail, a
strong work ethic, impeccable organizational skills, the ability to stay calm in
stressful situations, and be able to work seamlessly in a team-oriented
environment.
Ties to Delaware are a plus. This office is an equal opportunity employer.
Candidates from diverse and underrepresented backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and one writing sample
to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com with “Legislative Correspondent” in the subject
line by COB November 17th.
No phone calls, drop-ins, or emails please.

MEM-507-21

Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Office of Advice and
Education.
The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are responsible for providing a
high volume of ethics advice, education, and training to Members of Congress
and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written
work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before
the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics;
ethics counseling and training; and criminal law. Salary commensurate with
experience.

Page 4 of 23

Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-506-21

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.
The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing
financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume of financial
disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress and their staff
through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before
the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics,
ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation,
corporate finance, and securities law. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-505-21

Position Available:
Staff Assistant/Intern Coordinator
Office/Location:
U.S. House of Representatives, Glen Ellyn, IL
Salary Level:
$37,000
Proposed Starting Date:
Immediate
Position Summary:
The District Office Staff Assistant shall be responsible for managing the district
office administrative functions. They shall manage incoming constituent
communications, organize, and maintain correspondence and outreach material

Page 5 of 23

and handle all Congressional greeting requests. The Staff Assistant shall report
directly to the District Director.
Specific duties include but are not limited to:
•Answers and logs incoming phone calls, conducts casework intake, and greets
office visitors
•Manages and tracks all incoming and outgoing mail to include timely
submission of monthly reports
•Manages district written outreach efforts by drafting and preparing certificates
and letters
•Identifies event and correspondence opportunities
•Maintains organized filing system of newsletters, brochures, and reports
•Manages office supply requisitions and inventory lists
•Staffs the Congressman and serves as staff representative for the Congressman at
meetings and events.
•Supervises the District Office intern program to include recruitment, training,
and management
•Assists with planning, organizing, and executing district outreach efforts.
•Plans, organizes, and leads execution of the Congressional Art Competition.
Position Qualifications:
•Bachelor’s degree (B.A.) in Political Science, Public Relations,
Communications, or relevant studies preferred but not required.
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Highly organized with strict attention to detail
•Congressional Office or similar experience preferred but not required
•Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook, or similar experience preferred
Representative Casten’s Office is an affirmative action/equal opportunity
employer dedicated to building a community of excellence, equity, and diversity.
It welcomes applications from women, underrepresented minorities, individuals
with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual minority groups and other candidates
who will lead and contribute to the diversification and enrichment of ideas and
perspectives.
To apply please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short statement of no more
than 300 words about why you’re a good fit for this role
to Constituent.ServicesIL06@mail.house.gov
Subject Line: District Staff Assistant
MEM-503-21

Legislative Aide/Professional Staff Member
The House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property,
and the Internet (Majority) seeks a Legislative Aide/Professional Staff Member to
handle clerking responsibilities; provide support to Subcommittee Counsels on
legislative, procedural, and policy matters; and complete administrative tasks.
Page 6 of 23

Duties include:
•Preparing and circulating official notices and materials, maintaining official
hearing records, and staffing Subcommittee hearings and markups.
•Preparing for hearings and markups by assisting Subcommittee Counsels with
written materials for Members, vetting and preparing witnesses, and coordinating
with Subcommittee Member offices on hearing and markup logistics.
•Providing support to Subcommittee Counsels and Democratic Member offices
on legislative and policy matters related to the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction, as
well as procedural issues relating to Committee business.
•Assisting with Subcommittee investigations and other oversight activities,
including by maintaining and analyzing document productions provided by
government and nongovernmental entities.
•Providing administrative assistance to the Subcommittee, including answering
phone calls, managing incoming and outgoing correspondence, and logging and
tracking bills referred to the Subcommittee.
Candidates must be highly organized, detail-oriented, and capable of thriving in a
fast-paced and rapidly changing environment. Candidates should have prior Hill
experience, ideally with a Congressional Committee. Previous courts or
intellectual property policy experience is a plus, but not required.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and include
“Legislative Aide – Courts/IP” in the subject line.
MEM-501-21

The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commercial, and
Administrative Law seeks a hard-working lawyer with significant legal
experience to serve as counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Subcommittee on matters of law and policy; drafting legislation; coordinating
hearings and witnesses; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and
providing guidance to offices both on and off the Subcommittee on matters of
antitrust law.
A strong background in antitrust is required. Exceptional writing skills, sound
political judgment, and the ability to work closely and collaboratively with other
congressional offices and advocacy organizations are also strongly preferred.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
Page 7 of 23

country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Antitrust Counsel” in the subject
line.
MEM-497-21

Title: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Health, House Committee on
Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
Reports to: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Health
Provides administrative support to Subcommittee staff and assists with duties as
assigned.
Core Responsibilities:
• Provide administrative assistance to the Subcommittee on Health, to include
answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries; reviewing incoming
mail and preparation of correspondence; maintaining subcommittee archive,
activities report, and relevant publications; assisting with full Committee hearings
on matters within subcommittee jurisdiction; maintaining the Subcommittee’s
outstanding deliverable requests made to the Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA); as well as, assisting with other administrative duties as assigned.
• Provide legislative assistance to the Subcommittee on Health, to include
determining and tracking the status of pending legislation; reviewing the
Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and other publications
for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff; participating in stafflevel negotiations, to include knowledge of background information on
legislation being considered; assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and
preparation for, hearings, to include determination of Minority agenda, briefing
of witnesses and Members, and development of questions; conducting meetings
with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled parties; and, drafting
remarks for Ranking Member and suggested questions for hearing.
• Provide research support to the Subcommittee on Health, to include preparation
of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee Ranking Members
on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee and research preparation of
hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts, relevant statutes, and VA
policy.
• Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Ranking
Member, Staff Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee
staff, as needed.
Minimum Qualifications:
• Bachelor of Arts or Science, and
• Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment.
Page 8 of 23

Required Skills:
• Strong writing skills
• Proficiency in Microsoft Office
• Organizational skills
• Problem solving
• Strong verbal communication
• Team oriented
• Ability to work well under pressure
• Attention to detail
Benefits:
Employees may be eligible for the following benefits:
•Sick and Annual Leave
•Student Loan Repayment Program
•Federal Employees Health Benefits Program
•Thrift Savings Plan
•Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Program
•Federal Long-Term Care (LTC) Insurance
•Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAFEDS)
•Dental & Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
Other Information:
Employment with the U.S. House of Representatives is at-will. The U.S. House
of Representatives is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), disability, or age. Transportation and all related travel
expenses associated with the interview and hiring process must be paid by the
applicant.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send cover letter, résumé, and writing sample to the
following e-mail address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “HVAC Health
Republican Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
What to Expect Next:
Your submission will be reviewed to determine if you are among the top
candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an
interview.
MEM-491-21

In-District Press/Digital Associate Opening: Congressman Sean Casten (IL-06)
seeks Press/Digital Associate for our Glen Ellyn office.
Qualified candidates will have demonstrated video production, graphic design
and photography experience, a working knowledge of video editing software,
strong editorial and social media skills and a desire to spearhead and execute

Page 9 of 23

creative communications ideas. Excellent writing and strong organizational skills
are essential.
The ideal candidate will be a creative self-starter, hyper-aware of news cycle and
social media trends, politically astute, have a strong proficiency in branding and
executing social media content across social digital platforms and will be a detailoriented team player able to handle multiple tasks at once in a fast paced
environment—including rapid response requests and longer-term projects.
Candidates must be based in Chicagoland and willing to go to the office and staff
the member. However, hybrid work-from-home flexibility is offered. Salary
range starts at $40,000 but subject to negotiation for the right experience.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
●Develop and execute social media and digital campaigns
●Design and create content - including graphics and videos, and social media
toolkits.
●Help staff town halls, press conferences, video/Zoom meetings, and other indistrict events
●Staffing the member - handling photography, videography, press coordination at
in-district events
●Track and produce regular analytics reports and press reports
●Support Communications Director in organizing and maintaining press lists
●Support Communications Director in local media outreach
●Working collaboratively with D.C. and district staff to ensure a strong local
media presence.
●Work to amplify District Office wins including casework, grants our outreach
campaigns.
●Drafting press releases, newsletters, advisories, and other written materials
QUALIFICATIONS:
●At least 2 years of communications, social media, or translatable experience
●A strong eye for detail and passion for digital media
●Experience with video production, graphic design, and photography
●Demonstrated skill using Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, Facebook ads, and
TikTok
Please submit in one PDF your resume, two graphic/video/social media
examples, and a short statement of no more than 300 words about why you’re a
good fit for this role to il06casten@gmail.com with “Press/Digital Assistant
Application” in the subject line, no later than November 19th, 2021.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
Page 10 of 23

MEM-490-21

California House Republican seeks Scheduler. This position will be responsible
for providing scheduling and general office management.
Some of these duties include, but are not limited to: maintaining Member’s
official and unofficial schedule, collecting briefing documents from legislative
staff, arranging official travel for Member and Chief of Staff, coordinating
scheduling of all meetings with relevant legislative and committee staff, work
with district staff to coordinate details for in-district events/meetings, ensuring
Member is where he needs to be when he needs to be there, and managing all
travel documents and receipts for the office’s official travel. Office manager tasks
will include: working collectively with finance administrator and tech support on
office purchases and reimbursements, maintaining and updating office documents
or supplies, as well as running the office’s flag and internship programs.
The ideal candidate will have at least 1-2 years of Capitol Hill experience.
Having access to a vehicle is required. E-mail your resume
to Mark.Spannagel@mail.house.gov and Haley.Slaybaugh@mail.house.gov with
“Scheduler Applicant” in the subject line.

MEM-489-21

Military Legislative Assistant (MLA)
Congressman Jimmy Panetta (CA-20) seeks a highly motivated, well organized
and detail- oriented Military Legislative Assistant to support his work on the
House Armed Services Committee. This position’s portfolio will include foreign
affairs, homeland security, intelligence and veterans’ issues. Successful
applicants will have House Armed Services Committee experience with a strong
knowledge about the formulation of the annual National Defense Authorization
Act and be advised that this is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the Member for committee
hearings and managing the development of Member requests for the National
Defense Authorization Act, representing the Member in meetings and events
before stakeholders, federal agencies and constituents, working closely with the
Member on legislative strategy, including advising on vote recommendations for
committee and floor proceedings.
Qualified candidates will have experience in formulating legislation and planning
the pathway for the legislation to become law, a strong background in legislative
affairs and an understanding of what it takes and a will to work across the aisle to
advance bipartisan initiatives, and excellent written, verbal, research, analytical
and problem-solving skills with an ability to manage multiple assignments
simultaneously.
Additionally, successful candidates will perform well under pressure, possess a
strong work ethic and the capacity to produce high quality work on short
deadlines, demonstrate a can-do attitude, commitment to public service and an
Page 11 of 23

understanding of what it takes to be a part of a successful team effort, and
communicate effectively with colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work
environment.
Duties include travel to the district with constant and consistent outreach and
involvement with constituents. A knowledge of and connections to the defense
sector, especially military installations in California and throughout its central
coast, is preferred, but not required.
Veteran applications are encouraged. Interested candidates should send a cover
letter, resume, two writing samples of one page or less and three references with
“MILITARY LEGISLTIVE ASSISTANT” in the subject line
to ca20.jobs@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-486-21

Progressive West Coast Democrat seeks an energetic, motivated, and organized
individual with strong interpersonal skills to manage a fast-paced front office as
the Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing a robust mail program through Intranet
Quorum (IQ); answering phones; overseeing intern, flag, and tours programs;
serving as Office Emergency Coordinator; and providing administrative,
legislative, and technical support to the office, among other tasks as assigned.
A successful applicant should be a self-starter who thrives in a fast-paced
environment, and must possess an upbeat positive attitude and the ability to work
well in a team. Excellent writing, time-management, and organizational skills are
essential.
Prior Hill experience is highly valued, California ties a plus. Qualified candidates
should submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing sample
to CA27jobs@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent” in the
subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-478-21

SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Congressman Mark Pocan (WI-02),
member of both the House Appropriations and Education & Labor Committees,
is seeking an experienced and enthusiastic Senior Legislative Assistant.

Page 12 of 23

Ideal candidate will have at minimum 2 years of Hill experience as a Legislative
Assistant (or similar equivalent), a good understanding of House procedures, an
understanding of developing and tracking legislative initiatives and political
awareness. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements,
legislative memos, constituent correspondence and preparing briefing materials.
A sense of humor is greatly appreciated.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Senior Legislative Assistant” in
the Subject Line. Job opening closes COB on Wednesday, November 17th. No
phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
MEM-475-21

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for
the Washington office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's
daily and long-term schedule in DC and in the District.
The ideal candidate should be well-organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and
able to work effectively in a fast-paced office. Prior scheduling experience on the
Hill or comparable work environment is preferred.
Responsibilities include tracking, evaluating, and responding to invitations and
scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; assisting with
budgeting; vouchering invoices for payment; and office management.
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter
to schedulerjobdc@yahoo.com

MEM-474-21

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Legislative Assistant for his
Washington D.C. office.
The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for drafting and monitoring
legislation, preparing materials for committee hearings and markups, representing
the Member in meetings/briefings, working with constituent organizations, and
performing other tasks as assigned.
The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of the legislative process,
excellent writing and communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to work
effectively in a fast-paced office.
Page 13 of 23

Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to genleg2024@gmail.com
MEM-470-21

The Office of Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA34) seeks an organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for the Los Angeles office.
Responsibilities include: managing the front office, coordinating tour and flag
requests, managing LA internship program, supporting the work of casework
staff and providing additional office support as needed. While this is an entrylevel position, candidates should have excellent oral and written communication
skills, great attention to detail, strong time management skills, an ability to work
under pressure to meet tight deadlines, and a sense of humor. Fluency in Spanish
is a benefit but not required.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples in a
PDF format to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name _
SA.”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-459-21

Director of Advice and Education (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on
Ethics seeks an experienced government ethics attorney to serve as the Director
of Advice and Education for the Committee.
The Director will oversee the Committee’s Office of Advice and Education and
will manage a nonpartisan staff of attorneys and other professionals which is
responsible for providing a high volume of ethics advice, education, and training
to Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone calls, inperson meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess a minimum of 5 years of experience with government ethics, outstanding
analytical and written and oral communication skills, the ability to build
consensus, and the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is also desirable: ethics
counseling and training, criminal law, securities law, and familiarity with
Congress and its unique institutional prerogatives. Previous management
experience preferred. Salary commensurate with experience.

Page 14 of 23

Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Director of Advice and
Education” in the subject line.
MEM-455-21

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic (Majority) Staff, is
seeking a detail-oriented and organized Assistant Clerk/Security Manager.
The incumbent will work with the Chief Clerk and Deputy Chief Clerk to
coordinate logistical aspects of hearings, markups, and Committee meetings.
Other responsibilities include managing the Legislative Calendar, hearing
documents, Committee archives, and the transcript review process. The
incumbent will serve as the Committee’s Security Manager and manage classified
and sensitive materials, briefings, hearings, meetings, etc.
Responsibilities also include managing security clearances for Members and
staff, managing the Committee SCIF, and coordinating as appropriate with the
House Security Office. Candidates must possess excellent attention to detail,
good written and verbal communication skills, and be able to handle multiple
projects simultaneously in a demanding work environment. A TS or TS/SCI
clearance, or the ability to obtain one, is required. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Interested candidates should e-mail a cover letter and resume
to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Assistant Clerk/Security Manager” in
the subject line.
Please attach the resume and cover letter with the file name using the following
format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover
Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-452-21

Senior House Republican seeks experienced Communications Director to lead
an aggressive communications operation.
Qualified candidates should have at least 3 years of experience on a
Congressional communications operation and demonstrate the ability to manage a
junior Communications Assistant.
Responsibilities include developing a strategic communications plan, identifying
proactive messaging opportunities, securing a wide variety of media
opportunities, coordinating with the legislative team to highlight Member
initiatives, and preparing the Representative for speaking engagements and media
hits.

Page 15 of 23

The ideal candidate will be able to confidently lead a communications operation
and effectively delegate to a Communications Assistant, possess a high attention
to detail and strong writing abilities, and able to juggle multiple projects in a fastpaced, collaborative environment.
Applicants should submit a writing sample and resume
to gopcommsdirector07@gmail.com.
MEM-451-21

Senior House Republican seeks detail and mission-oriented Communications
Assistant to assist in creating for traditional constituent correspondence and
digital content.
Title will be commensurate with experience. This individual will report to and
work closely with the Communications Director in producing original creative
content, social media posts, graphics, videos, and written materials.
Candidate will also help book and prepare for local and national press hits. Strong
writing and editing skills, and familiarity with both Intranet Quorum (or related
programs), Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, Premier Pro, etc.), and social
media network administration are necessary skills for the job. The ideal candidate
will have 2-3 years of relevant professional experience. This is not an entry level
position.
Interested candidates should email a resume and relevant writing/digital samples
to: gopdigitalcomms@gmail.com.

MEM-450-21

Press Secretary|Digital Director – Rep. Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44)
Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated individual to assume the role of Press Secretary|Digital Director.
The person chosen for the position will work closely with the Communications
Director to develop and execute the Congresswoman’s long-term
communications plan. They will be charged with overseeing the communications
schedule, managing the Member’s digital media accounts, and working with local
and national reporters.
The Press Secretary|Digital Director will be responsible for a wide range of
critical functions, including developing original social media content, designing
graphics, editing and posting videos, maintaining the office’s website, and
managing media lists. Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director
with drafting news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds and other materials.
Qualified applicants must have strong writing, editing, proofreading skills and be
proficient in photography, video recording and editing. They must be detailoriented, news savvy and able to work in a fast-paced, demanding work setting -a sense of humor and ability to be a team player is a must.
Page 16 of 23

Spanish fluency preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous experience in press or relevant social
media experience is required. Experience with Adobe Creative Cloud Products
are a plus. Southern California|Los Angeles ties are a plus.
Successful applicants will need to demonstrate their writing ability by completing
a writing and editing test.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter including salary requirements, and
two writing samples with “Press Secretary” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-449-21

Legislative Assistant|CHC Liaison - Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán
(CA-44)
Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly talented and
motivated individual to serve as a Legislative Assistant|CHC Liaison in
Washington, DC House office - with the primary responsibilities of handling the
Member’s immigration, foreign affairs, military, and criminal justice, Homeland
Security Committee work, and serve as Member’s liaison to the Congressional
Hispanic Caucus (CHC). Candidates must have a proven record of proposing
legislation, developing amendments, and leading on letters.
Primary responsibilities include:
•Drafting legislation and amendments and advancing them through various
legislative vehicles;
•Preparing hearing binders and questions for witnesses for Homeland Security
Committee hearings;
•Drafting talking points, vote recommendations and other materials;
•Monitoring and analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings,
news stories and other relevant info; and
•Representing the Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.
Candidates must have an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in a
fast-paced work environment. Strong organizational and time management skills,
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a keen attention to detail
are required.
Spanish language skills preferred. Southern California ties a plus.

Page 17 of 23

Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two references with
“LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-448-21

The House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure is seeking a
Committee Clerk. This is a non-partisan position, which requires discretion and
confidentiality in handling committee matters, strong organizational skills, and
attention to detail.
The ideal candidate will have a minimum of four year of previous Congressional
experience, ideally as a committee clerk, knowledge of Congressional
administrative rules and procedures, the ability to manage multiple tasks and
projects, work well under pressure, have strong oral and written communication
skills, and the ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment.
Core Responsibilities Include:
•Maintaining committee official records in compliance with House and
committee rules including the maintenance of the House Repository and
committee archive records.
•Organizing and documenting committee markups in coordination with the
committee counsels.
•Acting as reading clerk and tally clerk, including the live posting of amendments
and their disposition to the House Repository during committee markups.
•Maintaining legislative files, including referral of legislation to subcommittees.
•Assisting in the preparation and filing of committee legislative reports.
•Maintaining the committee Legislative Calendar and Activity Report.
This is not an entry level position, and salary is commensurate with experience.
The committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates
of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should email a
resume and cover letter to: TIjobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line
Committee Clerk.

MEM-445-21

Moderate, Blue Dog Democrat on the House Agriculture Committee is seeking
an experienced Legislative Assistant to cover a robust policy portfolio, including
agriculture, natural resources, Tribal, water, and immigration issues.
Duties include, but are not limited to, developing and planning legislation,
monitoring legislative developments within the House Agriculture Committee
and on the House floor, staffing the Member in meetings and Committee
Page 18 of 23

hearings/markups, meeting with constituents and special interest groups on behalf
of the Member, and assisting with constituent correspondence.
Strong writing, organizational, oral communication, and collaborative work skills
are required. Ideal candidates will have experience in water, Interior, and tribal
issues in the Southwest region. Ideal candidates will also have a proven record of
being proactive and turning ideas into legislative successes. Prior Capitol Hill
experience preferred; but not required. This is not an entry-level position. Diverse
candidates are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter, resume, and salary requirements
to AZ01Resumes@mail.house.gov.
MEM-443-21

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (D-CO) seeks a Deputy Press Secretary/Digital
Director with extensive digital experience to be based in her Washington, D.C.
office.
The position reports directly to the Communications Director and is responsible
for assisting in all aspects of the press shop’s day-to-day responsibilities –
including, but not limited to: compiling daily news clips, drafting speeches, opeds, news releases and weekly newsletters, and pitching events to members of the
media.
The position is also responsible for managing the Congresswoman’s various
social media accounts, developing creative new content to enhance her social
media presence, including graphics and videos, and maintaining her website. This
is not an entry-level position.
The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of experience working with various
digital platforms, maintaining websites, and managing social media accounts for
a political candidate or elected official. Previous Capitol Hill or campaign
experience is preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to Ryan.Brown@mail.house.gov. Please put “Deputy Press
Secretary/Digital Director” in the subject line.

MEM-440-21

Congressman Vicente Gonzalez (TX-15) is seeking a detail-oriented, dynamic,
highly motivated Press Secretary to help manage and coordinate in-state and/or
national media activities in a busy press shop. This position manages the Press
Assistant and reports to the Chief of Staff.
This position will be responsible for the preparation of materials, including but
not limited to, background memos, press advisories, press releases, statements,
and remarks; coordinating the creation and posting of digital content with the
Press Assistant; assisting with the planning, preparation, and staffing of news
Page 19 of 23

conferences and events; maintaining relationships with local and national news
media outlets; and other duties related to press operations and other office
responsibilities.
Applicants must be able to work a flexible schedule that accommodates the needs
of the Representative's schedule. Prior communications experience is strongly
preferred as is experience with pitching to national, state and local media outlets.
Applicants must be organized and creative. They must also possess excellent time
management and strong written and verbal communications skills, along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment on multiple
projects. Communications, Journalism, and English Majors are encouraged to
apply. Fluency in Spanish, experience with Adobe programs, and Texas,
particularly Central and South Texas, ties are not required but a plus.
The office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, and
LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples,
and any additional work products, such as previous releases or media plans, with
“Press Secretary” as the subject line to southtexasfedjob@gmail.com.
MEM-439-21

The District Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark (MA-5) is currently
accepting applications for the position of Staff Assistant.
The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, processes mail, assists
with constituent casework, drafts correspondence, and performs other
administrative duties as needed. The Staff Assistant is also responsible for
overseeing a robust internship program, including recruiting, interviewing, hiring,
and supervising interns.
This role requires impeccable judgment and the ability to prioritize myriad tasks.
The ideal candidate should be personable, organized, and detail-oriented.
Applicants must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and
the ability to work cooperatively with others.
This is a full-time position. Office staff are currently working in person,
remotely, or in a hybrid model depending on the needs and safety of the office
during the COVID-19 pandemic.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

Page 20 of 23

Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ+ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Essential Job Functions:
•Manages the office intern program, ensuring smooth front office operational
duties
•Works with constituent services representatives to ensure efficient casework
intake using the office’s internal database
•Assists persons who have appointments with the Member or other staff Members
and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the Members’
appointments are on time
•Maintains literature regarding the District and DC offices for distribution to
visitors
•Coordinates the filing and indexing of all correspondence
•Maintains office inventory and signs for deliveries
•Provides orientation and training for new staff
•Supervises the reception desk, mail operations, and administrative files
•Assumes responsibility for overall office appearance and layout
•Maintains the office answering machine or voice mail
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other offices
•Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework or opinions
•Performs other duties as assigned
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing samples
to Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov.
All materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-438-21

The Office of Rep. Jared Huffman (CA-02), in partnership with the Office of the
Chief Administrative Officer (CAO), has an opening for a Wounded Warrior
Fellow in one of our District Offices (San Rafael, Petaluma, Ukiah, or Eureka).
The Wounded Warrior Program was established to create employment
opportunities for veterans within the House of Representatives. These two-year
fellowships provide veterans with experience and exposure to broaden career
opportunities. Positions are available in congressional Member District Offices
nationwide.
Duties may include, but are not limited to: working as a constituent services
representative helping local constituents resolve issues with federal agencies;
serving as a liaison to local Veterans Service Organizations (VSO); attending
local events and meetings on behalf of your Member of Congress; and
performing casework.

Page 21 of 23

To apply, please visit the following
link: https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/311?c=house&s
ource=USAJobs
MEM-425-21

Congressman Ami Bera, M.D. seeks a Senior Policy Advisor with health policy
expertise to lead the Member’s active health work, as well as other issues as
assigned.
The position manages work leading and contributing to multiple caucuses,
priority legislation and efforts, and working closely with bipartisan stakeholders
both on and off the Hill. Successful candidates will have strong oral and written
communication skills, and demonstrated experience advancing a legislative
agenda, working with diverse coalitions, and representing Members of Congress
in front of stakeholders and constituents.
Several years of professional health policy experience, including Hill familiarity,
is required. The ideal candidate will be able to thrive in a fast paced environment;
excel at proactively identifying, prioritizing, and executing strategic opportunities
to influence health policy; work well both independently and collaboratively; and
have a sense of humor.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to ca07jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or drop-ins.

MEM-423-21

Congressman Jimmy Panetta (CA-20) seeks a Legislative Assistant who will be
responsible for his office’s agricultural and environmental policies and lead his
work on the House Agriculture Committee.
Additional work and focus will be on natural resources, energy, emergency and
disaster response, Army Corps of Engineers projects, science, and other issues as
assigned. Potential applicants should have experience with the formulation of the
Farm Bill and know that this is not an entry-level position.
Potential applicants should have experience in formulating legislation and
planning the pathway for the legislation to become law. Other duties will include
drafting talking points, memos, and vote recommendations for committee and
floor proceedings, preparation for hearings, representing the Member before
stakeholders, federal agencies and constituents, travel to the district, and constant
and consistent outreach and involvement with its constituents.
Qualified candidates should have a strong background in legislative affairs and an
understanding of what it takes and a will to work across the aisle to advance
bipartisan initiatives. Potential applicants must have excellent written, verbal,
research, analytical and problem-solving skills, and an ability to manage multiple
assignments simultaneously.

Page 22 of 23

Candidates must be able to perform under pressure and possess a strong work
ethic, a commitment to public service, and an understanding of what it takes to be
a part of a successful team effort.
A knowledge of and connections to the agricultural and environmental sectors,
especially California and its central coast, is preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples of
one page or less and three references with “LEGISLTIVE ASSISTANT” in the
subject line to ca20.jobs@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 23 of 23

