House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 7, 2016

MEM-347-16

Senior California Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant for Washington, D.C.
office. Responsibilities include greeting visitors, answering the telephone,
scheduling tours and responding to constituent requests for general
information and other inquiries. This position also monitors delivery and
pickup of materials, maintains the front office, and assists with various
administrative duties. The Staff Assistant must maintain a good relationship
with the Member, staff and constituents, accept performance based criticism
and direction, and work well under pressure. The applicant must be prepared
to work a flexible schedule. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Previous Hill experience preferred but not required. Please send cover letter
and resume to castaffassistant1996@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins
please.

MEM-333-16

Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) is seeking applicants for a District
Director. The District Director will oversee management and operation of
two District offices, serve as a key liaison to local organizations and elected
officials, and develop and implement long-term strategic plans. Qualified
Page 1 of 2

candidates will demonstrate significant management experience, strong oral
and written communications skills , self-motivation and outreach experience
to local and state organizations. In addition, qualified candidates with have
prior experience in coalition building, a thorough understanding of the federal
legislative process and in-depth knowledge of Southern CA. The position
requires the ability to multi-task, work well under pressure and the flexibility
to work long hours, including nights and weekends. Ties to California’s 36th
Congressional District are preferred and the position is based in Palm Desert,
CA.
To apply for the District Director position, please send cover letter and
resume to CA36DistrictDirectorposition@mail.house.gov with “District
Director” in the subject line. Salary commensurate with experience. This is
NOT an entry-level position. No phone calls, drop-ins or faxes.
The office is an equal opportunity employer.
MEM-322-16

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a press secretary for his
Washington office. Spanish skills and Hill experience a plus. Send resume,
brief writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov.
No drop-ins please.

MEM-315-16

Senior Member of the Bay Area California Delegation seeks a Staff Assistant
to assume the responsibilities of managing the front office. Daily tasks
include answering telephones; organizing tours; greeting visitors; processing
flag requests; assisting legislative staff; and serving as Intern Coordinator.
Candidates should be detail-oriented professionals with strong organizational
skills and writing abilities, positive attitudes, and pride in their work product.
Applicants with ties to the Bay Area are strongly encouraged to apply. Please
e-mail cover letter and resume to StaffAssistantCalifornia@gmail.com. No
phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins, please.

Page 2 of 2

