________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 6, 2022

MEM-457-22

A conservative Member of the Republican Conference on an “A” committee
seeks a Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant.
The Legislative Correspondent will work with the Legislative Director to draft
responses to constituent inquiries while assisting senior staff with various
projects. This position will also be responsible for managing content for social
media channels, tracking and analyzing daily press clips and weekly social media
traffic, and other communications-centric duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, creative, and have an interest in
legislative issues and communications as well as a strong work ethic. Excellent
writing skills are a must, and a writing test will be required as part of the
application process. This is an excellent opportunity for a current or former
Congressional intern, or a current or former Staff Assistant interested in getting
additional exposure to legislative and communications paths within a
Congressional office.
Capitol Hill experience and Tennessee ties are strongly preferred.
Interested applicants should submit their resume with the subject line “Legislative
Correspondent/Press Assistant—First Name, Last Name”
to tn06jobs@mail.house.gov

Page 1 of 12

MEM-456-22

A conservative Member of the Republican Conference on an “A” committee
seeks a Staff Assistant with strong writing skills.
The Staff Assistant will serve as the first point of contact for the office,
coordinate constituent arrangements including tours and flag requests, and assist
the Director of Operations and office staff with the daily responsibilities and
duties of a Congressional office.
The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, creative, possess a strong willingness
and desire to learn and grow, and have an interest in legislative issues and a
strong work ethic.
Capitol Hill experience and Tennessee ties are strongly preferred.
Interested applicants should submit their resume with the subject line “Staff
Assistant—First Name, Last Name” to tn06jobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-455-22

Southern California Democratic Office seeks Staff Assistant to join front office
team.
Candidates should be well-organized, hard-working, and detail-oriented. High
degree of professionalism required, as well as an ability to work a flexible
schedule, including long hours. Duties include answering telephone calls,
greeting visitors, supervising interns, assisting legislative staff, and driving the
Member.
Capitol Hill experience and California ties preferred. Spanish language skills a
plus. MUST have a reliable and safe vehicle and driving record.
Email cover letter, resume, and references
to: ryan.viessman@mail.house.gov with subject heading "Staff Assistant
Position."
Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-452-22

The Office of Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks a Congressional Aide
ABOUT US: Congresswoman Dina Titus (NV-01) seeks a highly motivated fulltime Congressional Aide for the district office in Las Vegas Nevada.
THE OPPORTUNITY: This position acts as a liaison to federal, state, and local
municipal agencies on behalf of the Congresswoman and constituents. The
position can also entail casework correspondence and verbal communications.
The ideal candidate is mission-driven, passionate, and excited about serving the
people of Nevada's 1st Congressional District. This person must deeply
Page 2 of 12

understand the landscape of the district, its critical stakeholders and be able to act
as the Congresswoman’s representative. Portfolios and areas of focus may change
depending on the candidate.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman in the Las Vegas office,
which can include but is not limited to answering casework correspondence,
meeting with constituents and stakeholders, and serving as a liaison with federal,
state, and local municipal agencies.
•Informs the District Director and the Director of Constituent Services of all
happenings in the assigned regions by screening district media sources and
interacting with constituents and community organizations.
•Has a deep understanding of casework issues and can administer effective
intergovernmental solutions.
•Assesses casework for problems that require legislative action and makes
recommendations.
•Prepares periodic reports for the District Director and Director of Constituent
Services on pending cases and district activities.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong oral and written communication skills.
•Thorough knowledge of Southern Nevada.
•A valid driver’s license, reliable transportation and appropriate automobile
insurance.
•Service-oriented attitude, strong organizational skills, proficiency at prioritizing
and managing multiple projects at one time
•A capacity to work both independently and as part of a team
•Thorough knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments.
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
•Prior experience in government, the non-profit sector, community or grassroots
organizing is preferred
•Spanish language fluency, orally and written, a plus.
COMPENSATION:
This is a salary position and comes with a competitive benefits package that
includes health insurance, dental, and can include federal student loan payments.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. Constituents
of the district or those deeply familiar will also be prioritized. No phone calls,
faxes, or walk-ins, please.

Page 3 of 12

To apply, please email a cover letter and resume
to NV01resumes@gmail.com with the following subject line: [First Name Last
Name] - District Representative
MEM-450-22

Senior Democratic House Member seeking to hire Senior Legislative Assistant
for the Member’s Washington D.C. office.
The ideal candidate will handle a wide range of domestic policy matters.
Responsibilities include monitoring and drafting legislation, representing the
Member in meetings/briefings, collaborating with constituent organizations,
preparing materials for committee hearings and markups, and other tasks and
assignments as needed.
The Legislative Assistant will possess excellent writing and communication
skills, a solid understanding of the legislative process, and a proven ability to
work effectively in a fast-paced office. Press and communications experience is
also a plus, but not required.
Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to hillleg24@gmail.com

MEM-449-22

Democratic House Member seeks a Legislative Counsel for the Member’s
personal office to staff a portfolio of domestic policy issues and to provide the
Member and other staff with advice concerning legal issues impacting legislative
efforts and compliance with ethic rules.
The ideal applicant will have a law degree, bar membership and a strong policy
background. Previous Capitol Hill legislative experience strongly preferred. The
position requires clear, concise legal analysis as well as the political acumen to
work closely and collaboratively with constituent, labor and public interest
organizations.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter to hillleg2022@yahoo.com

MEM-447-22

Midwestern Republican office is seeking a Legislative Correspondent to handle
the constituent correspondence portfolio. This position is responsible for
communicating with and responding to constituents, working with staff to stay
updated on legislative activity, and being current on in-district and policy matters.
Duties include, but not limited to:
•Sorting and Batching constituent mail
•Corresponding with constituents who contact the office through phone calls,
letters, and email responses
•Writing constituent response letters/emails/etc
•Managing/Updating letter library
•Keeping up to date on floor proceedings
Page 4 of 12

•Consulting with legislative staff to ensure constituent responses are up to date
•Providing support to legislative staff as needed
Required Skills:
•Capitol Hill experience
•Strong written and verbal communications skills
•Ability to meet deadlines and work independently
•Can balance multiple projects simultaneously
•Ability to conduct policy research
•Basic knowledge of House floor proceedings and the legislative process
Interested candidates should submit resume and 2 writing samples
to house.gopjob2021@gmail.com with 'Legislative Correspondent Position' in the
subject line.
MEM-443-22

Senior Democratic Appropriator seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent in her DC office. The ideal candidate is organized, detail
oriented, able to multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment and has strong
interpersonal skills.
Responsibilities include tasks associated with front office such as receptionist
duties, answering phones, greeting visitors, sorting mail, processing flag requests,
booking and coordinating tours, and assisting with the office’s internship
program. The position also includes responsibility for office correspondence
management and assisting legislative staff to draft constituent correspondence
and other duties as needs arise in this fast-paced office.
Qualified applicant must possess excellent written and oral communication skills,
attention to detail, professionalism, exceptional time management skills, and an
ability to work collaboratively, and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and
projects.
Ohio ties a plus, but not a requirement. The office is an equal opportunity
employer; we do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, gender identity, or expression, or sexual orientation.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume, 2 writing samples
to midwestern.resume@mail.house.gov with “STAFF ASSISTANT /
LEGISLATIVE CORRESPONDENT” in the subject line. The deadline for
submission is Wednesday August 31st.

MEM-442-22

SUMMARY
Congressman Jimmy Gomez, a California member of the Ways and Means
Committee, seeks an organized, detail-oriented individual to serve in the position
of Caseworker in his fast-paced and highly collaborative Los Angeles office. The
selected candidate will work closely with the District Director and Director of

Page 5 of 12

Casework Services. Good judgment, strong customer service skills, a passion for
public service and availability to work some evenings and weekends are required.
Candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills, the
capacity to exercise discretion and independent judgment with minimal
supervision, great attention to detail, strong time management skills, an ability to
work under pressure to meet tight deadlines, and strong interpersonal skills.
Fluency in Spanish is preferred but not required.
SALARY AND BENEFITS
Salary is commensurate with experience. The minimum starting salary for this
position is $50,000.
The Office offers excellent benefits, including employer paid health, dental and
vision insurance for employees and their family, Student Loan Repayment
Benefits, and employer contributions to retirement savings plan. Paid time off
includes, per year: 15 vacation days (increasing to 21 days for individuals with
over 3 years of federal employment and 27 for individuals with over 15 years of
federal employment), 12 sick days, 5 bereavement days and 12 weeks of paid
family and medical leave. The office is closed for 14 holidays.
The Office is currently operating on a hybrid model, with all Los Angeles, CA
staff working in the office during the district work periods and working remotely
on the weeks the House is in session.
COVID-19 POLICY
The Office believes that we must do all we can to protect the safety, health, and
well-being of employees, guests, our communities, and others with whom we
interact. All offers of employment are contingent on the candidate showing proof
of being fully vaccinated against COVID-19, absent an applicable legal
exemption. After an offer has been extended, individuals in need of an exemption
from this policy due to medical reasons, or because of a sincerely held religious
belief, may request an exemption from this policy. You will be asked for
additional information to facilitate the office’s consideration of your request.
EQUITABLE/INCLUSIONARY HIRING PRACTICES
The office is firmly committed to ensuring that all employees, interns, detailees,
and fellows work in an environment free from discrimination, harassment, or
intimidation on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, gender
stereotyping, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age (40 or over),
disability, military status, genetic information, or any basis prohibited by the
Congressional Accountability Act or House Rules.
APPLICATION
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples in a
Page 6 of 12

PDF format to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name _
Caseworker” by Thursday, September 15, 2022.
MEM-440-22

The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director.
The LD will help drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing
and implementing the strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals;
supervise and mentor the legislative staff while advising on the
Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own legislative
portfolio, which will include work on the Black Maternal Health Caucus.
The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior
leadership team to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall
operations. The LD will also help ensure coordination between DC and district
offices on important legislative updates and district-based events and projects.
This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill experience and knowledge of
the legislative process are required.
The successful applicant will have crisp and thorough written and oral
communications skills, an entrepreneurial and self starting attitude, strong
attention to detail, creativity, and be a team player. Supervisory experience and
expertise on healthcare policy is strongly preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov. Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+,
working class, and/or other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with North Carolina ties. Due to the
volume of applications we receive, we will only contact you if we decide to move
forward with your application.
Please no calls, direct emails, or walk-ins.

MEM-437-22

Staff Assistant
Active California House Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant for their Washington
D.C. office.
Ideal candidate will be a motivated self-starter with outstanding customer service,
excellent time-management, and strong organizational skills.
Primary responsibilities include: managing the front office including answering
and logging telephone calls; recruiting and managing interns; managing
Page 7 of 12

constituent requests for flags and tours; supporting legislative and
communications staff; assisting with constituent mail responses and other
administrative duties.
Ideal candidates will have relevant experience, excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal skills, demonstrate the ability to think on their feet to solve
problems, and maintain a positive demeanor in a busy and fast-paced
environment.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates with California ties are preferred but not required.
Please submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF document
to ca07jobs@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant - DC” in the subject line. No walkins or phone calls.
MEM-434-22

Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib (MI-13) seeks an experienced and committed
Press Secretary for her D.C. Office.
The Press Secretary manages and coordinates Washington, D.C. activities,
including media contacts for the Member and the D.C. office in consultation with
the Communications Director.
The Press Secretary reports directly to the Communications Director, and acts
under the guidance of the of the Communications Director in consultation with
the Chief of Staff.
Duties will also include managing social media platform for the office, assisting
in briefing the Member for interviews, and writing floor speeches for the Member
and collaboration with other office staff.
Additional responsibilities for the position include:
•Remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Member may be questioned;
•Together with the Communications Director, evaluates current events and media
reports in the district and the nation for their impact on the Member;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, media, and
constituents;
•Assist with building a robust digital communications apparatus, including social
media, multimedia work and a brand strategy;

Page 8 of 12

•Provide support of communications operations as needed for the member and
staff
Applicant Qualities:
•Candidates must be proactive, have strong attention to detail, and the ability to
multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment;
•A bachelor’s degree in journalism, communications, public relations or a closely
related field preferred, but not required, including strong academic credentials;
and at least two years of congressional experience. Alternatively, a minimum two
of years of related experience or training is required;
•The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women, people of
color, and LGBTQ candidates to apply
This position will often involve evening and weekend work, so a strong candidate
will be able to work a flexible schedule with comp time provided. Michigan ties
are highly desirable, but not required.
Starting salary for this position is $58,000.00, with some flexibility based on
experience.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and women, people of color,
members of the LGBTQ+ community, and members of other traditionally
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply.
TO APPLY, e-mail a cover letter and detailed resume
to Rashida.jobs@mail.house.gov with “Press Secretary” in the subject line along
with a digital portfolio, writing sample, and at least two references.
MEM-431-22

Staff Assistant
OFFICE of REPRESENTATIVE MIKE LEVIN (CA 49th Congressional
District)
REPORTS TO: District Director
SUMMARY:
This position is responsible for managing the front desk and all administrative
duties of a Congressional district office. The staff member in this role interacts
regularly with constituents, responds to correspondence and verbal
communications with constituents, and occasionally staffs the Member of
Congress. This staff member may be located in the Oceanside or Dana Point
office but may be required to travel on occasion to the other office.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Manages the front desk
*Collaborates with other district and Washington, D.C. Staff Assistants to log all
incoming mail, telephone calls, and correspondence
Page 9 of 12

*Tracks office supplies
*Assists with recruiting, interviewing, training, and management of district
interns
*Oversees production and tracking of certificates and proclamations
*Screens phone calls and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district office
*Scans and sends invoices to DC office
*Maintains records of incoming grants, constituent recognition and thank you
letters
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff, and
constituents
*Performs other duties as assigned
*Takes initiative to identify needs and takes action to complete tasks required
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong oral and written communication skills
*Familiarity with local, state, and federal agencies and departments
*Familiarity with issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is
involved
*Proficiency with word processing and spreadsheets
*Professional telephone manner
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner
*Ability to perform the essential job functions above
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply: Please send resume, cover letter, and three professional references
to: CA49.applications@mail.house.gov
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
MEM-430-22

Description: The staff member in this position acts as a liaison to federal, district,
and local agencies for the Member of Congress and constituents. The District
Representative is charged with helping constituents with casework and engaging
the residents of the 49th Congressional District, including planning meetings and
events with the Member of Congress.
This position is based in Dana Point.
Responsibilities:
Page 10 of 12

The person in this role is specifically responsible for building and maintaining
relationships with communities in South Orange County, the veteran and
military-connected communities throughout CA-49, and more. This role involves
handling constituent casework with various federal agencies, with a focus on the
Veterans Affairs Administration and the Department of Defense.
Other responsibilities include planning and staffing in-district events, meetings,
and site visits; working closely with the District Office and Washington, DC
office staff on local and assigned policy issues and areas; and establishing
relationships with local military and veterans groups, including attendance at key
meetings and ensuring the office is tracking events and functions to facilitate the
Member’s attendance.
Qualifications:
Successful applicants should have a thorough knowledge of California’s 49th
district, familiarity with the military and veterans communities, a service-oriented
attitude, strong organizational skills, proficiency at prioritizing and managing
multiple projects at one time, a capacity to work both independently and as part
of a team, and strong written and oral communications skills. Preference may be
given to residents of the 49th District.
Veterans and applicants with military connections are encouraged to apply.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
To Apply: Please send resume, cover letter, three professional references, and
writing sample to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov
MEM-427-22

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks an experienced Legislative
Director to oversee the legislative team in the Washington, DC office.
This is not an entry-level position and significant Capitol Hill experience is
required. The Legislative Director will manage a large and diverse portfolio,
while creatively and effectively identifying new policy areas to pursue. The ideal
candidate will demonstrate an ability to manage and mentor staff, think
strategically, and advance legislation and policy initiatives.
Required Skills:
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills;
•Ability to concisely communicate in real time and under pressure important and
often complex policy issues;
•Capability to manage a team of policy professionals and develop communication
Page 11 of 12

and analytical skills in that team;
•Clear understanding of the legislative process and ability to execute a legislative
strategy; and
•Excellent organization and time management skills and ability to prioritize tasks.
Role and Expectations:
•Manage a legislative team of 4-5 staff;
•Develop a legislative strategy in close consultation with the Member and Chief
of Staff;
•Set goals and develop strategic plans to meet those goals;
•Consistently monitor Congressional proceedings and develop strategies for best
advancing the Member’s goals;
•Work collaboratively as part of a team to accomplish goals;
•In consultation with the communications staff, ensure accomplishments are
communicated to constituents and stakeholders in the district.
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested
parties should e-mail a concise cover letter including salary requirements, a
resume, and two short writing samples (one narrative style and one issue brief)
to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: Full Name –
Legislative Director. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

Page 12 of 12

