House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 4, 2017

MEM-474-17

Representative Anna G. Eshoo (CA-18) seeks a Staff Assistant to assume the
responsibilities of managing the front office. Daily tasks include answering
telephones; greeting visitors; processing flag and tour requests; drafting
correspondence; and serving as Intern Coordinator. Candidates should be
detail-oriented professionals with strong organizational skills and writing
abilities, have a positive attitude, take pride in their work product, and thrive
in a fast-paced environment. Applicants must also have a car. Individuals with
ties to the Bay Area are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a cover
letter and resume to StaffAssistantCalifornia@gmail.com no later than
December 8th. No phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins, please.

MEM-471-17

Southern conservative Republican member of the Energy and Commerce
Committee seeks experienced Health Legislative Assistant to coordinate
Member’s legislative agenda on relevant committee work and oversee other
issues within the applicant’s skills and interests. Eligible candidates should
have a firm grasp on the legislative process – including a track record of
passing legislation – as well as in depth knowledge of the regulatory and
legislative framework surrounding health care. Experience in health care
Page 1 of 5

delivery is a plus. Excellent writing, verbal, and organizational skills are
essential as is the ability to work well under pressure in a fast paced
environment while maintaining a positive attitude. Submit resume, cover
letter, and references to healthla2017@gmail.com.

MEM-466-17

Conservative Republican Member of Congress is seeking a Scheduler.
Responsibilities include maintaining the Member's official schedule, travel
plans, and related records; acting as liaison for the Member with the staff,
public and other Members; overseeing/managing front office operations at the
DC Office; managing/supervises the Staff Assistant; various administrative
duties as assigned by the Chief of Staff or the Member.
Well qualified candidates will have thoroughness and careful attention to
detail; excellent oral and written communication skills, including strong
telephone skills; ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment with
respect to prioritization of and recommendations on Member appointments;
proficiency in word processing, outlook, and google calendar; strong
organizational and filing skills; experience making travel reservations and
arrangements; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner; and availability to work long hours and at
night, if necessary.
Scheduling Duties:
• prepares the daily schedules and detailed itineraries for the Member;
• prepares monthly projected schedules for the Member;
• briefs the Member on all scheduling activities of the Washington, DC,
and district offices and makes recommendations on proposed future
meetings;
• coordinates scheduling of press, interviews, radio and T.V. time with
the Communications Director; and
• coordinates photo opportunities with constituents.
Travel Duties:
• makes reservations for the Member's air travel, ground transportation,
and lodging.
• fully understanding the complex CODEL rules for international travel
and completes necessary pre and post-travel paperwork.
Mail/Invitations Duties:
• reviews the Member's mail and invitations;
• responds to all invitations, either by written correspondence or by
personal telephone call;
Page 2 of 5

•
•

maintains records of invitations that have been declined, accepted, or
that are tentative/pending; and
ensures that the Member is provided with briefing materials for each
event.

Administrative Duties:
• oversee all front office operations;
• directly oversee the Staff Assistant;
• acts as a liaison for constituents and other visitors that drop by to see
the Member;
• acts as a liaison between the Member and other Members, committee
staff, White House, and government offices and agencies to arrange
for the Member's attendance at meetings or to coordinate travel plans;
and
• performs other duties as assigned.
Interested candidates should send their cover letter and one-page resume to
gop.scheduler.1776@gmail.com.
MEM-458-17

Outreach and Member Services Coordinator
The Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff seeks an organized and
enthusiastic person to coordinate outreach and member services.
Responsibilities include planning and executing member, staff and
stakeholder meetings on issues before the committee; collaborating with
policy staff to plan and organize Democratic Committee Forums; drafting and
circulating notifications and communications so members, staff and external
organizations are aware of the Committee’s actions; and handling other
administrative tasks for the Committee. Qualified candidates must have
administrative experience; strong writing and organizational skills; a proven
ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks; and sound
political judgment. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged
to apply. This is not an entry level position, and candidates must have at least
two years of relevant experience in a paid position. Please submit a cover
letter, resume and a short writing sample to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. Please
no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-448-17

Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard’s Oahu district office is searching for a fulltime staff assistant. Job responsibilities include fielding constituent calls,
processing mail, coordinating internship program, assisting with casework
and constituent requests for information, maintaining a photographic
database, drafting correspondence, maintaining office equipment, and other
administrative duties. In addition, the staff assistant occasionally represents
Congresswoman Gabbard at community events.
Strong ties to the state and organizational skills are a must. To apply for the
position, please e-mail your cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
Page 3 of 5

contact information for three work references to hi02jobs@gmail.com with
the subject line "STAFF ASSISTANT." No calls or “walk-ins” please.

MEM-447-17

The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a Military and Veterans
Liaison and Caseworker with strong organizational and communication
skills.
The liaison/caseworker is responsible for helping constituents resolve issues
and navigate the services provided by the federal government. This person
manages constituent casework, and participates in community projects and
events. Responsibilities include monitoring and updating the Congresswoman
and Chief of Staff on district and local issues, and acts as a liaison to federal
and local agencies for the Congresswoman for the following issue areas:
Department of Defense/Military, Homeland Security (Military-related)
including U.S. Coast Guard, Intelligence, Veterans, Foreign Affairs,
FAA, and FEMA/Disaster Management.
The ideal candidate will possess a can-do attitude and is solutions oriented.
He or she will also be a self-starter and will possess the capacity to produce
quality work on short deadlines. He or she will also have a demonstrated
ability to communicate effectively with colleagues in a dynamic work
environment.
The selected applicant will be expected to thrive in a fast-paced office, with
the ability to pay close attention to detail and think creatively to find
solutions. Non-traditional work hours, and occasional travel are required.
Veteran applications are welcome!
Please do not call or drop by the office, qualified applicants may email a
cover letter, resume and two writing samples with “Military Liaison” in the
email title to: hi02jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-316-17

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives, and Ranking
Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic
staff. The ideal candidate will be a junior attorney (fewer than five years of
experience) with a background or strong interest in investigations.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills. Please send a resume and
Page 4 of 5

cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject
line.

Page 5 of 5

