________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 31, 2022

MEM-274-22

Rep. Jimmy Panetta seeks a Press Secretary.
The ideal candidate is highly motivated, detail-oriented, creative, and
enthusiastic, with experience in print and digital media strategy, graphic design,
web design, and video and photo editing. The staff member in this position will
assist with all aspects of strategic communications including press, social media,
and mass communications. This is not an entry-level position.
Additional responsibilities include:
•Managing the Member’s social media platforms and website
•Planning and organizing district-based press conferences, tele-town halls, and
roundtables
•Pitching and fielding press inquiries
•Building and managing in-district media relations
•Speech writing with the goal of incorporating intent and voice of Member
•Drafting statements, releases, op-eds, advisories and social media content
•Compiling and reviewing daily and weekend press clips;
•Photographing and video-recording the Member at various official events
•Responding to media inquiries as needed.
Applicant qualities:
•A working knowledge of California’s central coast and understanding of the
regional print, broadcast, and online media landscape
Page 1 of 24

•Excellent writing skills with strong editing, proofreading and organizational
skills
•Creativity with strong proficiency in crafting digital content
•Detail-oriented self-starter and team player able to handle multiple tasks at once
in a fast-paced environment.
•Flexibility and availability to work long hours and when necessary, weekends.
Capitol Hill experience is preferred, but not required. Ties to California,
especially its central coast, are strongly preferred.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, three writing samples of
one page or less, samples of digital media and graphic design projects, and three
references with “PRESS SECRETARY” in the subject line
to ca20.jobs@mail.house.gov
The office offers student loan repayment, paid vacation, and sick leave, in
addition to other benefits that include health care and retirement.
Rep. Panetta is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of
all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-273-22

The Office of Congressman Gregory Meeks seeks a Scheduler/Operations
Manager for the Washington DC office.
Responsibilities include working with the Chief of Staff, District Director, and
the House Foreign Affairs Committee to maintain the Member’s daily and longterm DC, District, and Committee schedule; organizing and evaluating all
meeting requests and invitations; oversees coordination with other Member
offices, Committees, the White House, State Department, Embassies and other
Executive Departments and agencies; coordinates with the Member, Chief of
Staff and Committee to facilitate official travel, domestic and abroad and working
with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is prepared for
meetings, events, and interviews.
This position will also play an active role in office operations. They are the
primary point of contact for House support offices and critical to office
management. They will be required to serve as the parking coordinator,
emergency coordinator, liaise with House Administration, and at times drive the
member. The role is integral to staff onboarding, including IT and tech support,
and will help facilitate other administrative needs as necessary.
Applicants must be highly organized, proactive, and able to work as part of a
team in a fast-paced environment. The ideal candidate performs their duties with
Page 2 of 24

a high level of professionalism while maintaining tact and confidentiality. This
position requires availability outside of regular business hours. This is not an
entry-level position. Applicants MUST have prior scheduling experience in a
Congressional office or Executive office. Salary is commensurate with
experience
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. We strongly value the
diversity of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds
to apply.
Please send your resumes and cover letters
to NY05Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“SCHEDULER/OPERATIONS MANAGER.”
MEM-272-22

The office of Congressman Clay Higgins (LA-03) seeks a high motivated
Legislative Assistant to focus on a portfolio of education, healthcare,
immigration, and trade.
Job Responsibilities and Related Duties:
•Tracks legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas, briefs the
Member for floor and committee work, coordinates with Communication
Department to draft floor speeches for the Member and plans and coordinates cosponsorships and support of other legislation related to assigned issue areas;
•Formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas including planning,
coordinating and scheduling introduction of legislation, gathering support for a
bill or amendment; working with committees on legislation and coordinating
legislative support to get the bill passed in the [Senate/House];
•Responsible for assigned caucuses, including attending meetings, compiling
information and briefing the Member on pertinent information;
•Works with Scheduler, Legislative Director, Chief of Staff, and District Director
to plan district events related to assigned issue areas;
•Meets with constituents and interest groups related to assigned issue areas and
completes meeting notes for each meeting.
•Other duties as assigned.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have at least two years of
Capitol Hill experience, and excellent writing and communication skills.
Qualified candidates should email their resume and cover letter with the subject
line “Legislative Assistant” to: lalegstaffposition@gmail.com
Minimum salary of $55,000/ year. Increased salary commensurate with
experience.

Page 3 of 24

No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-271-22

Representative Mike Levin (D-CA-49) seeks an organized, energetic, and detailoriented scheduler for his Washington, DC, office.
Responsibilities include:
•Managing Member’s daily and long-term schedule in Washington, DC, and
California
•Processing, evaluating, and scheduling meeting and event invitations, speaking
engagements, and committee hearings
•Booking travel arrangements for the Member
•Keeping Member on schedule throughout day
•Coordinating the Member’s daily briefing materials
•Assisting the chief of staff with employee onboarding/offboarding and employee
records
•Additional duties as assigned
The individual will work closely with the Member, chief of staff, and district
staff. Candidates must be highly organized, attentive to detail, and capable of
succeeding in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment. Previous
scheduling/office management experience is a must. Access to a car is a plus.
The salary range for this position is $60,000 to $70,000, commensurate with
experience. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and a list of
three references to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov with the subject line:
Scheduler Application (Last name, First name). Please apply by COB Friday,
June 3rd and send all materials in one PDF document. Incomplete applications
will not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees
and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-270-22

The Office of Brenda Lawrence (MI-14) seeks an organized, and detail-oriented
scheduler for the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing all aspects of the Congresswoman’s
Washington, D.C. daily and long-term schedule; coordinating travel, booking
flight, hotel and car reservations and coordinating logistics for events; organizing
and responding to all incoming scheduling requests in a timely manner;
communicating key information regarding the member and the member’s
schedule to staff; assisting the District Director with district scheduling; and
driving the Member in DC.

Page 4 of 24

Ideal candidates are flexible, responsive, collaborative, work well under pressure
and on short deadlines, and are able to balance competing demands.
The salary for this position is $68,000. This position requires flexible hours and
availability by phone during evenings and weekends. Previous scheduling
experience is preferred, but not required and Michigan ties are a plus. Qualified
candidates should email their cover letter, resume and three references in one
PDF to MI14District@gmail.com. Please put “MI-14 DC Scheduler Application”
in the subject field. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and veterans, LGBTQ+ individuals,
women, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. No calls or drop-ins,
please.
MEM-269-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a community-minded
individual with strong Hawai‘i roots to serve as Constituent Services Assistant
for his Honolulu office.
The ideal candidate has diverse experience working in the community to address
a wide range of statewide and local issues with a strong track record of advocacy
for the people of Hawai‘i. The position is responsible for assisting the
Congressman to address requests for assistance from individual constituents and
organizations, primarily but not exclusively with a wide range of federal
government programs and activities.
Duties include but are not limited to dealing directly with constituents and federal
state and local agencies and organizations. The position also includes interaction
with the Congressman’s D.C. office on related legislative and administrative
matters, as well as representing the Congressman at community events, such as
neighborhood board meetings, and otherwise assisting with the range of activities
in the Congressman’s office. Direct report to the Deputy Chief of Staff in the
Honolulu office. Although the position may also interact directly with the
Congressman and his Washington, D.C. office from time to time. The ideal
candidate is an individual who is seeking to live and work in the community that
this position is designed to serve.
Strong preference given to: (1) prior experience especially in comparable duties
including customer service or social work; (2) Hawai‘i background/community
involvement; (3) experience evaluating, synthesizing and articulating issues in a
thoughtful and respectful manner in support of constituents’ needs and the
Congressman’s initiatives; and (4) extensive knowledge of a broad range of
community resources and services from which to draw on when addressing
constituent requests. Applicants are asked to detail these attributes in their cover
letter and resume.

Page 5 of 24

The position also requires an interest in government and in assisting others,
initiative, interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask, work independently and
effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve problems, orientation to
detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and long and
sometimes unpredictable hours.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Constituent Services
Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-268-22

SUMMARY:
The Office of Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley (MA-07) seeks a highly
motivated Digital/Press Assistant to support the Communications Director and
Press Secretary in all aspects of the office’s fast-paced and dynamic
communications operation, including drafting and editing social media copy,
designing digital content for the Congresswoman, and media monitoring. This
role reports to the Communications Director.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Support implementation of digital communications and public relations
strategies for the Congresswoman;
•Compile daily press clips and stay informed about current events in the district
and across the country for their impact on the Congresswoman;
•Draft social media content and other written materials, and manage all of the
Congresswoman’s social media accounts;
•Create graphics, film and edit photos and videos, including clipping, captioning
and branding;
•Manage the Congresswoman’s website and maintain robust digital archives and
analytics trackers for the Congresswoman;
•Staff digital events and video recordings with the Congresswoman;
•Support with logistics for town halls, press conferences, and other public-facing
engagements, both virtual and in-person;
•Remain abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Congresswoman may be questioned;
•Support on administrative functions of the office as needed, such as constituent
calls and data entry;
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
•Work well under pressure, handle stress, and accept performance-based criticism
and direction;
•Work flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends, and perform
other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Our office prioritizes building a diverse team committed to advocating for the
residents of the Massachusetts 7th. 1-3 years of digital, graphic design, press,
Page 6 of 24

organizing, or advocacy experience is strongly recommended. As a practice as an
office we do not require any pre-requisite degrees. Ties to Massachusetts
preferred, but not required.
Please expand on how your unique set of experiences suits you to excel in this
role in your cover letter.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong communications skills, including writing, editing, and proofreading;
•Experience creating content using Adobe Suite (Illustrator, Photoshop and
Premiere or Premiere Rush)
•Understanding of print, broadcast, and online media;
•Proficiency in constituent management platforms, such as IQ, preferred.
•Strong organizational skills, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once;
•Knowledge of current issues and events in which the Congresswoman is
involved;
•Ability to exercise discretion in the representation of the Congresswoman's
position on policy issues;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate;
•Ability to work in small a workstation without an expectation of privacy.
•COVID-19 precautions and remote work expectations can be discussed during
the interview process.
•This role is based in Washington, D.C. and requires as-needed travel to
Massachusetts.
COMPENSATION:
The salary for the position is $57,000, along with a competitive benefits package
that includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan payments (terms
apply) and 16 weeks of paid FMLA.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please submit your resume, cover letter, 3 digital/creative samples and 3
references to ma7jobposting@gmail.com with the subject line “Press/Digital
Assistant.” Digital portfolios or websites also accepted for creative samples.
MEM-267-22

The office of Representative Sean Casten (D, IL-06) seeks a Staff
Assistant/Intern Coordinator for their Glen Ellyn, Illinois district office.
The District Office Staff Assistant shall be responsible for managing the district
office administrative functions. They shall manage incoming constituent
communications, organize, and maintain correspondence and outreach material
and handle all Congressional greeting requests. The Staff Assistant shall report
directly to the District Director. The starting salary for this position is $45,000.
Page 7 of 24

Specific duties include but are not limited to:
•Answers and logs incoming phone calls, conducts casework intake, and greets
office visitors
•Manages and tracks all incoming and outgoing mail to include timely
submission of monthly reports
•Manages district written outreach efforts by drafting and preparing certificates
and letters
•Identifies event and correspondence opportunities
•Manages office supply requisitions and inventory lists
•Staffs the Congressman and serves as staff representative for the Congressman at
meetings and events
•Supervises the District Office intern program to include the recruitment, training,
and management of district office interns
•Assists with planning, organizing, and executing district outreach efforts
•Plans, organizes, and leads execution of the Congressional Art Competition
Position Qualifications:
•Bachelor’s degree (B.A.) in Political Science, Public Relations,
Communications, or relevant studies preferred but not required.
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Highly organized with strict attention to detail
•Congressional Office or similar experience preferred but not required
Representative Casten’s Office is an affirmative action/equal opportunity
employer dedicated to building a community of excellence, equity, and diversity.
It welcomes applications from women, underrepresented minorities, individuals
with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual minority groups and other candidates
who will lead and contribute to the diversification and enrichment of ideas and
perspectives.
To apply please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short statement of no more
than 300 words about why you’re a good fit for this role
to Constituent.ServicesIL06@mail.house.gov.
Subject Line: District Staff Assistant
MEM-265-22

Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized, and
professional individual to serve in the role of Staff Assistant.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, possess excellent
communication and time-management skills, the ability to exercise sound,
independent judgment, and the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with
others.

Page 8 of 24

Additional daily tasks include answering phones, processing mail, assisting with
constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, and other administrative
duties supporting the Member and staff as needed.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter
to staffassistant2022@yahoo.com. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
MEM-263-22

The Office of Congressman Kweisi Mfume seeks a Communications Director
for his Washington, DC Office. The ideal candidate is highly-organized,
passionate, friendly, and has noteworthy experience.
The Communications Director manages and coordinates the messaging and
communications activities, including media contacts, for the Member and the
Office. Traditional and digital communications are managed by the
Communications Director including press statements, press releases, mass emails,
social media posts, and website updates.
The applicant must be an excellent writer with strong organizational skills,
demonstrated political instincts, and proven judgment. Ideal candidate has at least
five years of communications and messaging experience in the public and/or
private sector, including campaign or government, and robust media contacts.
The position reports to the Member and Chief of Staff.
The position requires an incredible attention to detail. The Office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Due to COVID19 work is often from home.
Applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to MD07employment@mail.house.gov. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis, but no application will be considered later than June 24, 2022. No
phone calls, faxes, or separate emails.

MEM-262-22

North Bay legislative office seeking District Scheduler/Office Manager –
Responsibilities include coordinating the Member’s California schedule by
making travel and meeting arrangements while anticipating and responding to
day-to-day developments; serving as the office's primary point of contact for
constituents, elected officials, and nonprofit and advocacy organizations seeking
meetings in the district; coordinating with staff (including field, legislative, and
press) to identify schedule priorities, and then working proactively to make shortand long-term decisions to implement plans; working directly with the District
Director and Member on logistics.

Page 9 of 24

Also responsible for assisting the Capitol office and District Director on
maintaining financial and expense records, and with various administrative
duties, and managing special projects including the district internship program.
Opportunities for additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and
abilities.
A successful candidate will be highly organized, detail oriented, possess strong
writing skills, have experience working in a fast-paced office, and the ability to
maintain a professional, flexible, and positive demeanor while managing multiple
and competing tasks and projects.
Please send cover letter and resume to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject like “CA02 District Scheduler/Office Manager.”
MEM-259-22

Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) seeks a Scheduler for his Washington,
D.C. office.
Interested candidates should send resumes and cover letters
to gopwesternjobs1776@gmail.com.
The Scheduler will be expected to work closely with the Chief of Staff to
coordinate the Member’s DC schedule, arrange travel plans, and manage day to
day logistics. Additionally, this role will oversee the office’s intern program.
Job Duties:
•Works with the Member, Chief of Staff, and District Director to determine and
finalize the Member’s daily and long-term schedule.
•Manage all incoming meeting requests and invitations.
•Coordinates all travel arrangements.
•Process/schedule all incoming tour requests.
•Manage the office’s internship program.
Requirements:
•Able to coordinate and manage several scheduling activities with multiple
parties
•Able to manage varying priorities and adapt to rapidly changing situations
impacting the schedule
•Experience handling sensitive information and maintaining confidentiality
•Adaptable and organized with a keen attention to detail
•Strong decision-making skills and comfortable navigating challenging situations
•Works well under pressure

MEM-258-22

Staff Assistant (Oceanside, CA)
OFFICE OF REPRESENTATIVE MIKE LEVIN
REPORTS TO: District Director

Page 10 of 24

SUMMARY:
This position is responsible for managing the front desk and all administrative
duties of the Oceanside office. The staff member in this role interacts regularly
with constituents and responds to correspondence and verbal communications
with constituents. This staff member is located primarily in the Oceanside office
but may be required to travel on occasion to the Dana Point office.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Manages the front desk
*Collaborates with Dana Point and Washington, D.C. Staff Assistants to log all
incoming mail and correspondence
*Tracks office supplies
*Assists with recruiting, interviewing, training, and management of Oceanside
interns
*Oversees production and tracking of certificates and proclamations
*Manages the Congressional App Challenge program and other projects, as
assigned
*Screens phone calls and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district office
*Sorts incoming mail
*Scans and sends invoices to DC office
*Logs all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework in IQ
*Maintains records of incoming grants, constituent recognition and thank you
letters
*Prepares material for the Weekly Report
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff, and
constituents
*Performs other duties as assigned
*Takes initiative to identify needs and takes action to complete tasks required
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong oral and written communication skills
*Familiarity with local, state, and federal agencies and departments
*Familiarity with all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is
involved
*Proficiency with word processing and spreadsheets
*Professional telephone manner
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner
*Ability to perform the essential job functions above
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail

Page 11 of 24

To apply: Please send resume, cover letter, and three professional references
to: CA49.applications@mail.house.gov
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
MEM-256-22

Legislative Correspondent/Legislative Aide
OFFICE OF CONGRESSMAN SETH MOULTON
SUMMARY: Congressman Seth Moulton (MA-06) is seeking a legislative staffer
to handle both the mail program and a policy portfolio including agriculture, food
security, animal welfare, modernization, and other issues as determined by the
office’s needs and in consultation with the applicant’s interests. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply.
Responsibilities
•Managing the mail program, responding to thousands of pieces of constituent per
week
•Presenting data-driven biweekly reports on the state of the mail program
•Drafting new letters in the Member’s voice which reflect his policy positions on
emergent topics of interest to our constituents
•Assisting the legislative staff in developing vote recommendations for bills up
for a vote on the House floor
•Finding new legislation for the Member to cosponsor and which aligns with his
values and views
•Drafting letters and original pieces of legislation
•Meeting with constituents and various groups, representing the Member’s views
and communicating his priorities
•Helping, in conjunction with the staff assistant, to manage the interns, providing
both real-time feedback on their work and mentorship
Qualifications
•At least 1 year of Hill experience
•Strong writing capabilities, including the ability to quickly adopt the Member’s
voice
•Ability to accurately represent the Member’s views in meetings with various
groups
•Preferred: Strong mastery of the Google Suite, especially Google Sheets and
Forms
•Preferred: Massachusetts ties

Page 12 of 24

TO APPLY:
Please provide a resume and cover letter to ma06.resumes@mail.house.gov, with
the subject line “LC/LA” by Tuesday, May 24, 2022 at 11:59pm.
MEM-255-22

Congresswoman Doris Matsui (D-CA-06) seeks a Legislative Assistant to focus
on a portfolio of energy, environment, and climate.
This position will handle the Congresswoman’s Energy and Commerce Energy
Subcommittee work and her role as co-chair of the House Sustainable Energy and
Environment Coalition (SEEC) and co-chair of the SEEC Nature and Oceans
Task Force. The portfolio will be focused on natural climate solutions, clean
energy, clean transportation, environmental justice, and energy equity policy; it
will also likely include women’s issues, immigration work, and potentially a few
other issues.
This is not an entry-level position and Hill experience is strongly preferred, but
not required. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status. Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority
applicants are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com. Please use “Energy/Enviro LA” as the subject.

MEM-254-22

Congresswoman Doris Matsui (D-CA-06) seeks a Legislative Assistant to focus
on a portfolio that may include appropriations, housing, education, civil rights,
financial services, foreign affairs, and AmeriCorps among other issues.
Responsibilities will include managing the Member’s existing legislative
initiatives within the portfolio; identifying and developing new areas for
legislative and other action; briefing and staffing the Member for meetings and
events; and other responsibilities as necessary.
This is not an entry-level position. Excellent writing and communication skills,
sound political and policy judgment, and the ability both to work independently
and to collaborate with others in a fast-paced environment is essential.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority applicants are
strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 13 of 24

To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com. Please use “Appropriations/Housing LA” as
the subject.
MEM-251-22

Congressman Ritchie Torres: Press Assistant or Press Secretary
Rep. Ritchie Torres (NY-15) is seeking an organized and creative
communications staffer to join a fast-paced team.
Duties will include assisting the Communications Director in developing and
implementing a communications and digital media strategy, working closely with
the District team to amplify local events, media monitoring, maintenance of the
Member’s social media accounts, drafting and posting content for social media,
producing graphics and videos, editing photos and videos, compiling daily press
clips, and assisting with the drafting of press releases and media advisories, enewsletters, franked mailings, op-eds, and other responsibilities as assigned.
Qualified candidates should have graphic design experience, a knowledge of
video editing software, strong writing skills, and a familiarity with social media
management. The position requires attention to detail and strong written and oral
communication skills, as well as the ability to work collaboratively in a fastpaced, team environment. New York ties and Spanish-language skills are strongly
preferred. Title is commensurate with level of experience.
Responsibilities include:
-Assist with management of social media platforms and developing a creative
digital strategy;
-Design graphics and producing videos for social media;
-Generate ideas for press, mass mailings, and newsletters;
-Draft press releases, advisories, talking points, and brief remarks;
-Assist with communications outreach to district stakeholders and Member
offices;
-Oversee press intern(s)
Please send a resume, cover letter, and two writing and one digital sample
to: reptorresjobs@gmail.com “Communications Staffer” in the subject line. Equal
Employment Opportunity Employer.

MEM-246-22

The Congressional LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus seeks a hardworking, organized,
and detail-oriented Press Secretary/Digital Manager.
The Congressional LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus, which is Chaired by Rep. David
Cicilline (RI-01), works to promote equality for all, regardless of sexual
orientation or gender identity, and is committed to achieving the full enjoyment
of human rights for LGBTQ+ people in the U.S. and around the world. The

Page 14 of 24

Equality Caucus serves as a resource to Members of Congress, their staff, and the
public on LGBTQ+ issues at the federal level.
Ideal candidates will be excellent writers, detail-oriented, organized, self-starters,
team players, and able to produce high quality work in a fast-paced environment
under tight deadlines.
Ideal candidates will also have experience working with the press and creating
social media content, including graphics. Experience on Capitol Hill or working
on LGBTQ+ issues is a plus but not required. This is not an entry-level position.
Candidates should have 2-3 years of communications experience. Salary is
commensurate with experience.
The LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The caucus
benefits from a staff that reflects the diversity of the country’s population;
candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The
caucus does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
disability, age, or national origin.
Responsibilities include:
•Developing communication plans, in coordination with the Executive Director,
to increase the Caucus’ reach in the news and on digital platforms and to
highlight the work of Caucus members;
•Managing the Caucus’ website and social media channels, including updating
the website, drafting Facebook posts, tweets, and Instagram posts, and creating
graphics and videos;
•Creating communication resources for Caucus Member offices, including social
media toolkits, messaging guidance, and talking points;
•Drafting press releases, communicating with the press, and organizing press
conferences;
•Drafting the Caucus’ weekly newsletter;
•Building and maintaining relationships with Caucus Members’ communications
staff;
•Assisting the Executive Director, as needed, with coordinating events and briefs,
membership outreach, tracking LGBTQ+ legislation, and policy work; and
•Other duties as assigned.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Interested candidates should
send a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample, as a single PDF,
to equality.caucushire@mail.house.gov. Please put “Press Secretary/Digital
Manager – [Your First and Last Name]” in the subject line.

Page 15 of 24

MEM-244-22

Staff Assistant
Representative Spanberger seeks a Staff Assistant for her Washington, D.C.
office. Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized,
detail-oriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal skills, and ability
to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates must demonstrate excellent “people skills,” most importantly
displaying compassion in all interactions, and a strong commitment to providing
outstanding constituent service.
The ideal candidate should: be able to think on their feet, be a problem-solver,
demonstrate excellent oral and written skills, maintain a positive demeanor, and
demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
Primary responsibilities include: managing the front office, including answering,
appropriately logging, and directing telephone calls; greeting visitors; monitoring
office deliveries; distributing hard and electronic mail; and other administrative
duties. The Staff Assistant will also serve as the office tour coordinator and will
be responsible for managing constituent requests for Capitol and White House
tours, as well as constituent requests for flags flown over the Capitol.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information, disability,
or uniformed service.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, 1-page writing sample, and two references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “DC Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Annual salary for this
position is $50,000.

MEM-242-22

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a Legislative Assistant with Hill
experience. This is not an entry level position. Excellent written and oral
communication skills required. Advanced degree a plus.
Send resume, brief writing sample, and three references
to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use this title on your email: “Legislative
Assistant Application”
No drop-ins or calls please.

MEM-241-22

Press Assistant/Deputy Press Secretary:
Position Summary:
The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a Press
Page 16 of 24

Assistant/Deputy Press Secretary to work closely with the Communications
Director to implement the Committee Communications Strategy.
They will lead the drafting of press materials, monitor media and issues relevant
to the Committee, primarily handle press inquiries and media relationships, and
largely be responsible for day-to-day press operations. On occasion, and in
consultation with the Communications Director or Senior Staff, they will serve as
the on-the-record spokesperson.
In an effort to build a diverse and more inclusive work environment, the
committee strongly encourages veterans, minorities, women, people with
disabilities, and LGBTQ+ candidates to apply.
Title and salary negotiable depending on experience. Starting salary is $55K.
All candidates are required to complete an Online Application
via https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScLDNEck7GezSWFthWkageU
5X4EG9JmGIaxSTeJfOhLDt4BZw/viewform to be considered. There you can
upload your resume, cover letter, and writing sample.
Essential Job Functions:
•Lead the development of talking points, remarks, statements, press releases,
advisories, and caucus messaging guides
•Lead the coordination, preparation, and execution of media interviews, speaking
engagements, and press conferences
•Monitor and track media appearances, manage media relationships, and work
with policy subject matter experts to identify opportunities for media engagement
•Assist with rapid response efforts
•Assist Committee Member offices with any press related needs
•Hire, manage, and supervise press interns
•Staff Chairman at press events
Minimum Qualifications:
•3+ years’ experience working in communications or related field
•Excellent written and verbal communications skills
•Willing to execute day-to-day tasks and work successfully within a team
•Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, prioritize tasks, and adapt quickly
and easily for rapid response
Exceptionally Qualified Candidates will have:
•On-the-record press experience
•Demonstrated understanding of or familiarity with veterans’ issues
•Capitol Hill experience
MEM-240-22

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a mid-level Legislative Assistant for
his Washington D.C. office. Hill experience in a legislative role or comparable
experience is required.
Page 17 of 24

The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for handling a broad range of
domestic policy issues, including the member’s Science and Technology
Committee work. The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for drafting and
monitoring legislation, preparing materials for committee hearings and markups,
representing the Member in meetings/briefings, working with constituent
organizations, and performing other tasks as assigned.
The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of the legislative process,
excellent writing and communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to work
effectively in a fast-paced office. Press and communications experience is also a
plus, but not required.
Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to legislativeposition2022@gmail.com
MEM-237-22

The office of Congressman Jake Auchincloss (D, MA-04) is seeking a Digital
Director / Press Secretary to work closely with the Communications Director to
elevate the Member’s communications operation and strategically run a social
media program.
Duties will include staffing the Member at open press events in the District and
DC and working closely with the District team to amplify local events, media
monitoring, maintenance of the Member’s social media accounts, drafting and
posting content for social media, producing graphics and videos, editing photos
and videos, maintaining the website, compiling daily press clips, and assisting
with the drafting of press releases and media advisories, e-newsletters, franked
mailings, opeds, and other responsibilities as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be organized, detail-oriented, tech-savvy, able to work
long hours in a fast-paced environment, have superior writing and proofreading
skills, and the ability to work closely and collaborate with Senior Staff both in the
District and in DC.
Requirements include previous experience building audiences online and
maintaining social media accounts, excellent writing skills, ability to work well
on a team, experience in principal management, and experience meeting tight
deadlines under pressure.
This position will require work outside standard office hours and can be based in
either Washington, DC or Massachusetts with regular travel required. Previous
congressional or campaign experience and photography/videography/graphic
design skills are strongly preferred.

Page 18 of 24

Please indicate in the application if you have on-the-record experience.
Congressman Auchincloss’ office is an equal opportunity employer. Title and
salary are competitive and negotiable based on previous experience.
The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information,
disability, or uniformed service.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and 1-2 writing
samples or sample graphics/videos or tweets to AuchinclossJobs@gmail.com.
MEM-234-22

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Economic
Opportunity
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving skills;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Strong attention to detail.
DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with Subcommittee hearings and full Committee hearings on matters
within Subcommittee jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Minority agenda, preparation of research and hearing
briefing memo, and development of questions;
Page 19 of 24

•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Briefing subcommittee Members’ staff;
•Drafting remarks for Ranking Member and suggested questions for hearings;
•Preparing memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee Ranking
Members on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Ranking
Member, Staff Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee
staff, as needed.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send résumés and cover letter only to the following email address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “EO Republican Research
Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-232-22

The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis in the U.S. House of
Representatives conducts investigations to ensure the nation’s response to the
coronavirus crisis is efficient, effective, and equitable.
Chairman James E. Clyburn seeks to fill a Counsel or Professional Staff
position on the Majority staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney or policy
professional with several years of investigative or litigation experience. Recent
law school graduates with relevant professional experience prior to attending law
school may be considered on a case-by-case basis.
Responsibilities include leading investigations, conducting depositions and
transcribed interviews, preparing for hearings, and drafting reports.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel / Professional Staff” in the subject line.

MEM-231-22

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.

Page 20 of 24

In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.
MEM-208-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks an experienced
Communications Director based in the DC office to develop and execute the
Congressman’s communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and
Means, Armed Services, and Budget committees.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to Congressman Horsford and will supervise the work of
junior communications staff. They will be responsible for executing an
aggressive communications plan that generates positive local and national media
coverage, reaches diverse communities, and expands the Congressman’s reach to
new audiences.
Responsibilities include but is not limited to:
•Working with Congressman Horsford, the Chief of Staff, the Deputy Chief of
Staff, and the District Director to develop strategic messaging priorities.
•Managing all day-to-day external communications from the office, including
press releases, remarks, floor speeches, interview memos, newsletters, op-eds,
and social media.
•Proactively identifying opportunities to expand Congressman Horsford’s local
and national media profile and working closely with the Congressional Black
Caucus, the House Labor Caucus, and other affiliated caucuses on shared
priorities.
Page 21 of 24

•Pitching stories to local and national press and planning press conferences, press
calls, and other press events.
•Developing a strategic plan and budget for all communications programs.
•Designing and implementing a creative digital communications program,
including both paid advertising and organic social media. The Communications
Director will also be responsible for keeping the Congressman’s website up-todate.
•Overseeing franked communications and a robust 499 program.
This is not an entry-level position, and candidates must have previous press
experience on or off Capitol Hill. Strong oral and written communications skills
are required. Prior experience managing franked communications is a plus.
The ideal candidate must be collaborative, creative, energetic, detail-oriented,
able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fastpaced and demanding setting.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Experience with video editing and graphic design is also a plus and Nevada ties a
plus.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three writing samples, and three
professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-149-22

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active and
visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework distribution;
answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings, condolences and
congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities may also include
casework assignments if the District Director finds that the staff assistant can take
on such work while paying the required attention to his/her already assigned
tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting, training,
scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move
immediately to D.C., if hired.
Page 22 of 24

Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
MEM-069-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks a Press Media
Secretary based in the DC office to work closely with the Communications
Director, based in the district office to develop and execute the Congressman’s
communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and Means, Armed
Services, and Budget committees.
The Press Media Secretary must be and stay up to date with the latest digital,
technical, and social media trends. Able to express the Congressman's voice
creatively and promote social media presence, ensuring high web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines. This position serves as a
part of the Communications team and reports directly to the Director of
Communications based in the district, however, this person will be the main point
of contact in the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
• Acts as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Managing the Congressman’s social media platforms, developing a weekly
content calendar, and drafting rapid response content during breaking news
moments.
• Maintaining the Congressman’s website and drafting new website content
covering key policy issues.
• Preparing daily press clip summaries and monitoring the Congressman’s media
mentions.
• Writing a weekly newsletter, creating digital ads, and participating in other
efforts to keep constituents of Nevada’s Fourth District informed about the work
of a busy Congressional office.
• Helping to plan and staff communications-focused events for the Congressman,
both in-district and in Washington D.C.
• Writing short-form speeches and video scripts and preparing video clips of the
Congressman for public distribution.
• Building relationships with allies and online influencers to amplify
Congressman Horsford’s digital message and expand his online reach.
• Perform all other duties as required
The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work closely with
legislative and district staff. The ideal candidate will have experience in or
interest in learning about aspects of the office’s traditional press operations,

Page 23 of 24

including writing press releases, drafting talking points and speeches, forming
relationships with members of the media, and pitching stories.
This is an ideal position for someone with 1-2 years of communications or digital
experience. Applicants must be passionate about public service, well-organized,
and have the ability to work on weekends and holidays when necessary.
Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other
languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply. Experience
with video editing and graphic design is also a plus. Nevada ties are a plus, but
not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, three writing samples, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Press/Media Secretary” in the subject
line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.

Page 24 of 24

