________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 20, 2021

MEM-376-21

Digital Manager – Congressman Tom Malinowski (NJ-07), member of the
House Transportation and Infrastructure, Foreign Affairs, and Homeland Security
Committees, seeks a highly motivated, detail-orientated, self-starter with
experience in digital media strategy, graphic design, and video editing for the
position of Digital Manager. This position reports to the Communications
Director.
Daily tasks include managing and creating content for member’s social media
platforms and websites; graphic design; video filming and editing; digital
advertising; daily press clips; drafting releases, newsletters, and advisories; and
organizing press and constituent-facing events.
The ideal candidate will be creative and energetic with a strong proficiency in
crafting digital content, experience coordinating with media and digital vendors,
and be capable of successfully managing multiple tasks at once in a fast-paced
frontline office.
This is not an entry-level position. At least 1 year of professional digital
communications experience is required. Capitol Hill or campaign experience is a
plus but not required, and a sense of humor is greatly appreciated. Some night
and weekend availability may be required. Starting salary ranges from $45,000$50,000 commensurate with experience.
Page 1 of 20

Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples,
and two examples of previous digital media or graphic design projects
to NJ07Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Digital Manager
Position. The office will be accepting applications through Friday, Oct. 1.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression,
pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
MEM-375-21

The bipartisan Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress (Select
Committee) has an immediate need to hire a full-time Clerk position located for
the Washington, D.C., office.
The Select Committee is tasked to investigate, study, make findings, hold public
hearings, and develop recommendations to make Congress more effective,
efficient, and transparent on behalf of the American people. Additional
information on the Committee, including its history, background, and
investigative work, can be found here.
Job Expectations:
The Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress seeks an energetic,
friendly, and dedicated individual to serve as a Clerk. The ideal candidate will
possess a high-degree of organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple
tasks in a fast-paced environment, be detail-oriented, work well in a team setting,
and have excellent oral and written communication skills.
Job Duties:
·Handle incoming calls and other inquiries with poise, professionalism, and
promptness.
·Work closely with the Committee member staff to maintain the Committee
calendar.
·Handle logistics for hearings and member meetings, including reserving rooms,
ordering catering, setting up materials, and running logistics during the events.
·Update the House Committee Repository with relevant documents and
information.
·Work with witnesses on preparing for hearings and collecting paperwork and
testimony.
·Provide administrative and operational support for the office, including
submitting service requests and ordering supplies.
·Assist Committee staff with research and the drafting of memos, reports, and
letters.
·Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
·Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
·Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
Page 2 of 20

members and leaders in the office.
·Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while working in a fast-paced,
dynamic environment.
·Time management skills, including the ability to prioritize and track projects.
·Eagerness to work in a bipartisan environment.
·Attention to detail.
Preferences:
·Bachelor’s degree
·Demonstrated interest in public service
The position is located in the Washington, D.C. office. Interested candidates are
encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter by September 27th.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
Interested applicants please submit a cover letter and resume using this link:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/323?c=house
MEM-374-21

STAFF ASSISTANT:
This position is responsible for managing the front desk and all administrative
duties of the Oceanside office. The staff member in this role interacts regularly
with constituents and answers correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents. This staff member is located primarily in the Oceanside, CA office,
but may be required to travel on occasion to the Dana Point office.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Manages the front desk
*Collaborates with Dana Point Staff Assistant and Legislative Correspondent to
log all incoming mail and correspondence
*Tracks office supplies
*Assists with recruiting, interviewing, training and management of Oceanside
interns
*Oversees production and tracking of certificates and proclamations
*Manages the Congressional App Challenge program and other projects, as
assigned
*Screens phone calls and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district office
*Sorts incoming mail
*Scans and sends invoices to DC office
*Logs all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework in IQ
*Maintains records of incoming grants, constituent recognition and thank you
letters
*Prepares material for the Weekly Report
Page 3 of 20

*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff, and
constituents
*Performs other duties as assigned
*Takes initiative to identify needs and takes action to complete tasks required
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong oral and written communication skills
*Familiarity with local, state, and federal agencies and departments
*Familiarity with all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is
involved
*Proficiency with word processing and spreadsheets
*Professional telephone manner
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner
*Ability to perform the essential job functions above
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply: Please send resume, cover letter, and three professional references
to: CA49.applications@mail.house.gov
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
MEM-373-21

The Office of Rep. Frederica S. Wilson seeks an experienced, creative, and techsavvy press secretary/digital director to join our communications team.
Responsibilities will include:
●Managing the member’s social media accounts, website, media lists,
newsletters, mailers, advertisements, communications schedule, and other
resources
●Compiling daily press clips, leading communications briefings, monitoring
analytic data
●Assisting in the development of materials intended for the media, such as press
releases, talking points, emails, advisories, pitches, media kits, and reports
●Creating graphics, editing photos, and videos
●Planning and staffing virtual, DC- and district-based events such as press
conferences, tele-townhalls, and roundtables.
●Building relationships with local and national reporters
●Maximizing the member’s visibility through digital solutions

Page 4 of 20

●Pitching innovative strategies to expand the Congresswoman’s reach on social
media and elsewhere
●Photographing the Congresswoman at press conferences and other events
●Managing press interns and fellows
The press secretary/digital director will work closely with the communications
director to implement an ambitious communications strategy. Candidates should
have strong writing and creative skills, strong editing and proofreading skills,
work well under pressure, and the availability to work long hours when
necessary.
The ideal candidate will have at least one year or one federal campaign cycle of
communications experience, including digital strategy, social media management,
content creation, editing of graphics, photos, and videos using software including
Adobe Creative Cloud. The candidate should have experience with Facebook
business manager, Google Ads, and digital analytics. This is not an entry level
position.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds and with Florida ties are encouraged to
apply. Fluency in Spanish or Kreyòl is a plus. Please submit your resume, cover
letter, two writing samples, and a digital sample
to FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Press Secretary/Digital
Director” in the subject line.
MEM-372-21

Congresswoman Nydia Velázquez seeks a highly-organized and detailed-oriented
scheduler for her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include organizing and tracking invitations, speaking
engagements, and scheduling requests for the member, in addition to booking
travel reservations, coordinating with district office, and daily driving (must own
a vehicle and possess a valid driver’s license.)
Ideal candidates will understand the House floor schedule, remain flexible and
calm under pressure, have excellent written and verbal communications skills,
strong interpersonal skills, and must be able to navigate competing demands
while anticipating the member’s needs. There will be no opportunity for
legislative work in this position – it is administrative only. Hill experience, New
York City or Puerto Rico ties are welcome.
Please email resume and cover letter to 1execasst@gmail.com No phone
calls/drop-ins.

MEM-371-21

The Office of Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson seeks an energetic,
motivated, and organized individual to serve as a staff assistant/legislative
correspondent.

Page 5 of 20

Responsibilities will include managing front desk operations, driving the
member, managing constituent correspondence, coordinating tours, supervising
interns, greeting visitors, processing flag requests, and other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be a team player who excels in a fast-paced environment,
possesses excellent communication and organizational skills, and can handle
unforeseen events well. Applicants must have access to a car and a clean driving
record. The office will reimburse driving expenses using GSA's mileage
reimbursement rate.
Previous Capitol Hill experience, Florida ties, and familiarity with Intranet
Quorum are preferred, but not required. To apply, please submit a resume, a
writing sample, and a cover letter to FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include
“Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent” in the title. No calls, please.
MEM-370-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks Counsel
to manage oversight and investigations on the education and labor team.
Responsibilities include organizing oversight hearings, writing investigative
reports and executing a complementary legislative and oversight strategy with
positive results. Qualified applicants must have a J.D. and relevant policy
experience with at least 3-5 years of experience conducting investigations.
Experience in education and labor policy is not a requirement, however preferred.
In addition, the applicant must have exceptional writing skills, strong attention to
detail, and the ability to juggle multiple projects.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, a writing sample (5-10 pages), a
writing sample describing an investigation the applicant would like to pursue, and
3 professional references. The second writing sample must include a hyperlink to
a current news item from any source (newspapers, blogs, or other websites) and
two paragraphs detailing why the Committee should investigate the issue
presented and the steps the applicant would take to begin an investigation.
Please submit all materials to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Counsel” in the
subject line. The salary range is $85K - $100K, commensurate with education
and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-369-21

The Democratic staff of the House Natural Resources Committee seeks an
organized, enthusiastic, and detail-oriented Policy Aide on the National Parks,
Forests, and Public Lands Subcommittee. The position requires strong
Page 6 of 20

organizational, time management, and verbal and written communication skills,
as well as the ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates should be passionate about issues within the Natural Resources
Committee’s jurisdiction, and possess basic knowledge of the Committee
process. The position also requires a firm commitment to the Committee’s
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) goals and the ability to take on higherlevel tasks as needed.
The Policy Aide will be responsible for managing the logistics of Subcommittee
hearings, providing administrative services to Members and staff, and assisting
the Subcommittee team with legislative, oversight, outreach, and press projects.
Primary Responsibilities:
•Serving as the face of the Subcommittee by greeting visitors, taking calls, and
coordinating with Member offices and external stakeholders.
•Managing all administrative aspects of hearings.
•Contacting witnesses and managing their hearing materials.
•Drafting, editing, and/or organizing hearing memorandum, statements, and
questions.
•Drafting, editing, and/or organizing Subcommittee information for Committee
bill reports.
•Drafting, editing, and/or organizing Committee letters and document requests.
•Taking meetings on behalf of Subcommittee staff.
•Coordinating schedules with the Subcommittee Chair and the Chief Clerk.
•Assisting the Chief Clerk during full Committee Markups, as needed.
The position is based in Washington, D.C., although it is currently remote. The
Policy Aide will be expected to work in the office when we resume normal
operations. Women, LGBTQ+, and minority candidates are encouraged to apply.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity, disability, or age.
To apply, address your application materials to Subcommittee Staff Director,
Brandon Bragato, at NRDems.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“NPFPL Policy Aide Application” by COB Friday October 1, 2021. Please
include a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample.
MEM-368-21

Rural Oregon Republican Congressman seeks a driven and organized individual
to serve as a Field Representative/Caseworker in the Representative’s Eastern
Oregon district office. Ideal candidates will have excellent written and verbal
communication skills, impeccable time management skills, and an ability to meet
deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
Duties Include:
•Acts as the grass roots representative for the Member within his or her area of
Page 7 of 20

responsibility including answering casework correspondence, verbal
communications with constituents, and acting as liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies. The individual will also engage with city, county, district, the
chamber of commerce, and other groups to form effective relationships with the
Member;
•Assesses casework for issues requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and/or Chief of Staff;
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information significant
to the office;
•Prepares reports for the Congressman and Chief of Staff on district activities in
his or her assigned issue areas; and
•performs other duties as assigned.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume
to ResumesOR@mail.house.gov.
MEM-367-21

Congressman Mike Levin (D-CA) is seeking a legislative assistant for a policy
portfolio that includes energy, environment, and climate change issues. The
position covers his work on the House Natural Resources Committee and Select
Committee on the Climate Crisis. The portfolio will also include other policy
issues as needed.
This individual will work with the legislative director and chief of staff to
advance and execute the Congressman’s legislative agenda both on and off
committee. Responsibilities will include staffing the Congressman at hearings
and markups; developing and analyzing legislation and policy; drafting remarks,
hearing questions, talking points, and memos; maintaining strong relationships
with constituent and stakeholder groups; drafting letters to stakeholders, the
Administration, and other Members; and staffing the Congressman in meetings
and at other events.
Candidates should have experience working on environment policy issues, strong
written and verbal communications skills, a knowledge of House legislative
processes, and should work well on a team. District ties and prior legislative
experience in a House or Senate office are a plus.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.

MEM-366-21

DIGITAL DIRECTOR / PRESS SECRETARY – Congressman Mark Pocan
(WI-02), member of both the House Appropriations and Education & Labor
Committees, is seeking a highly motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic
individual with experience in digital media strategy and video editing for a
Digital Director/Press Secretary position.

Page 8 of 20

Daily tasks include managing and creating content for member’s social media
platforms and website; graphic design; video filming and editing; daily press
clips; managing in-district media relations; drafting releases, newsletters and
advisories; and organizing press events.
The ideal candidate will be creative, have a strong proficiency in crafting digital
content, experience coordinating with media, and be a detail-oriented team player
able to handle multiple tasks at once.
Excellent writing and strong organizational skills are essential, along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Capitol Hill
experience is a plus, but not required. A sense of humor is greatly appreciated,
and the position reports to the Communications Director.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified candidates should submit a cover
letter, resume, two writing samples, and an example of previous digital media or
graphic design projects to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Digital
Director/Press Secretary” in the subject line. Job opening closes COB on Friday,
September 24th. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
MEM-365-21

APPROPRIATIONS ASSOCIATE/COUNSEL: Rep. Marcy Kaptur seeks a
highly experienced and professional legislative staffer to handle a portfolio
including energy/environment (both in the personal office and as a liaison to her
appropriations subcommittee staff in her role as Chair), as well as transportation
and infrastructure.
Candidates must be familiar with the energy and environment portfolio, the
appropriations process, advancing legislation, analyzing and briefing on complex
policy issues, and drafting a wide array of written materials (including materials
for Committee and Floor activities).
Experience with Great Lakes issues, the Army Corps of Engineers, and the
Environmental Protection Agency is strongly encouraged. Strong written and
verbal communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to work collaboratively
in a fast-paced environment are critical. A minimum of five years of relevant and
congressional experience is required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply. Applicants should email a resume, cover
letter, two writing sample, and references as individual files in PDF format
to Steve.Katich@mail.house.gov with “Appropriations Associate” in the subject
line. No phone calls, faxes, emails, or walk-ins, please.
Page 9 of 20

MEM-364-21

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Legislative Assistant for his
Washington D.C. office.
The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for drafting and monitoring
legislation, preparing materials for committee hearings and markups, representing
the Member in meetings/briefings, working with constituent organizations, and
performing other tasks as assigned.
The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of the legislative process,
excellent writing and communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to work
effectively in a fast-paced office.
Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to genleg2024@gmail.com

MEM-363-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff – Staff Assistant (District of Columbia)
The House Committee on Oversight and Reform Democratic Staff has an
opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include: answering telephones; receiving
visitors at the front desk; assisting with the tracking and processing of committee
correspondence; receiving, tracking and processing large document productions;
providing administrative support for committee hearings, markups and meetings;
entering data and navigating databases with accuracy; and proofreading
documents and correspondence for style and typographical errors.
Applicants must have excellent organizational and time management skills; the
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; strong written and oral
communication skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Zoom and
WebEx web conferencing platforms; good judgment and discretion; and
flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects.
One year of prior Capitol Hill experience is strongly preferred. Candidates with
diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Please
send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Staff
Assistant” in the subject line.
Please attach the resume and cover letter with the file name using the following
format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover
Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-362-21

Senior House Democratic Member of Foreign Affairs Committee seeks
legislative assistant to handle work on that committee and related issues.

Page 10 of 20

In addition to a strong interest and experience in foreign policy issues and the
operations of U.S. foreign affairs agencies, the successful applicant will be
organized, possess excellent communication and time-management skills, the
ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Legislative and/or agency experience a strong plus, though not required. To
apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to foreignpolicyla@yahoo.com.
MEM-360-21

Conservative House Republican Member seeks an experienced Legislative
Director (LD). The Legislative Director advises the Congressman on all policy
positions, legislation, and votes and oversee the legislative staff. This position
will coordinate with Legislative Assistants and the Legislative Correspondent to
develop policy positions and ensure the Member is prepared for all legislative
hearings, markups, and vote series.
The LD will guide Legislative Assistants and Legislative Correspondent in
crafting a cohesive legislative strategy that highlights the Congressman’s
priorities and issues of importance to the district.
The ideal candidate will have 5 years of Capitol Hill/Legislative experience, be
able to work well under pressure in a very demanding environment, have
excellent oral and written communications skills, have a keen attention to detail,
and have the ability to manage and work well as part of a team.
Candidates with Financial Services experience preferred. Interested applicants
should send their cover letter, references, and resume
to gophilljobs1@gmail.com.

MEM-359-21

DISTRICT OFFICE STAFF ASSISTANT – Rep. Jimmy Panetta seeks a highly
motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic Staff Assistant in his Salinas,
California district office to greet visitors, answer the telephone, supervise the
district internship program, write congressional thank you notes, and respond to
constituent requests for general information and other inquiries.
This position maintains the front office and assists district office staff with
various administrative duties while interacting frequently with constituents. The
position also supports the Office’s outreach function.
The ideal candidate has strong writing, organizational, and interpersonal skills,
and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment. Bilingual Spanish/English is
required.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,

Page 11 of 20

sexual orientation or gender identity or expression. Candidates can submit a
resume and cover letter to Susie.brusa@mail.house.gov.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Answers and screens telephone calls for the Congressman and other staff
members; maintains the office voice mail, and returns calls and/or directs
messages to appropriate district staff;
•Greets and screens visitors; maintains and monitors visitor sign-in sheet for
accuracy and complete information;
•Composes, prints and mails thank you notes from the Congressman to his
constituents;
•Assists people who have appointments with the Congressman or other staff
members and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the
Congressman's appointments are on time;
•Works with the Congressional Interns;
•Responds to constituent requests for flags, tours and other information;
•Maintains literature regarding the District and House offices for distribution to
visitors;
•Signs for deliveries and forwards all materials sent to the office to appropriate
staff in a timely manner;
•Maintains an inventory of office supplies and assists in ordering office supplies;
maintains office equipment;
•Manages the office recycling program;
•Documents visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
•Performs general typing and administrative assignments;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff and
constituents;
•Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
•Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights, and weekends; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE:
•At least one year of customer service experience required.
•College-level study in Political Science or Government a plus.
•Bachelor degree preferred.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Spanish/English bilingual/biliterate required.
•Ability to communicate politely and professionally over the phone, face to face,
and in writing required. Each constituent needs to feel heard and represented.
•This is a customer service position. Good skills in this regard are mandatory.
•Desires to be part of a team.
•Must type proficiently.
•Rigorous attention to detail required. Ability to write in a grammatically correct
Page 12 of 20

way and proofread effectively.
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:
•Generally works in an administrative office environment on the phone and
computers.
•Occasionally will accompany the Congressman to events out of the office on
nights or weekends.
MEM-358-21

New York Member of Congress seeks a driven individual to serve as a
Constituent Services Representative for the Member throughout the fourcounty district. The position’s primary focus will be on interacting with
constituents and federal departments and agencies to conduct constituent
casework.
Other duties will include, but are not limited to, fielding constituent phone calls,
managing voicemail and mail, supporting the office’s execution of special
projects and events, and representing the Member and office at meetings and
community events.
Candidates must be highly organized, have excellent written and verbal
communication skills, be comfortable speaking in public and able to work in a
fast-paced, demanding environment. This position requires a flexible schedule
and some evening and weekend work. Candidates must have a reliable vehicle,
valid driver’s license, and the ability to travel extensively throughout the fourcounty region.
Interested applicants please submit a cover letter, resume, contact information for
three personal or professional references using this
link: https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/301?c=house

MEM-356-21

This is a Missouri-based position. Applicants must be located or willing to
relocate to the greater Kansas City, Missouri region.
The Field Representative/Travel Aide for Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler
liaises with fellow Missourians to assist with carrying out her duties as a
government official. This individual also travels with her when she visits cities,
towns, and rural communities to meet with constituents.
YOU’RE GOOD AT:
•Listening to, talking with, and befriending strangers (some of whom won’t agree
with you).
•Traveling to unfamiliar places and driving safely.
Page 13 of 20

•Problem solving issues completely new to you.
•Taking initiative when your boss isn’t watching.
•Occasionally working hours that fall outside the traditional workday.
•Collaborating with remote team members located hundreds of miles from you.
•Planning events and getting people to show up to said events.
•Communicating well verbally and through writing.
•Speaking in front of small groups.
•Operating basic computer programs.
A DAY IN THE LIFE:
•Attend community meetings, network with locally elected officials, and update
the Congresswoman on issues of importance within the service area.
•Travel with the Congresswoman as she visits with constituents at various events.
•Serve as an advocate for constituents and a conduit between them and the
Congresswoman while she works on their behalf in Washington, DC.
•Stop by local businesses to meet with the owners and employees, learn about
their products being sold, and connect them with federal resources.
•Contact a federal or state agency to learn about how a policy issue is being
implemented.
•Assist a local nonprofit with finding federal and state resources to solve an issue.
•Provide feedback to supervisors on concerns raised by constituents on issues of
the day.
•Handle meeting requests and serve in stead of the Congresswoman when she is
in DC.
•Spend time in the Harrisonville office taking calls, returning messages, and
filing reports.
WHAT YOU’LL NEED:
•Bachelor’s degree or equivalent professional experience.
•A current driver’s license, clean (or mostly clean) driving record, and
functioning vehicle.
•Interest, familiarity, or prior experience in the federal and/or state government.
•A passion for working with Missourians to help find solutions and resources for
them.
Interested applicants should email their resumes
to Austin.Kramer@mail.house.gov.
MEM-354-21

House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight &
Investigations is seeking a Staff Director to work on oversight issues related to
the Committee’s broad jurisdiction for the Committee’s Democratic staff.
Areas of expertise under the Committee’s jurisdiction preferred, including
environment, energy, health, communications, consumer protection, and
cybersecurity. Background in Congressional investigations and oversight is
required.
Page 14 of 20

The staff director will manage subcommittee staff and be responsible for:
developing an oversight and investigation plan; managing regular oversight
hearings; conducting investigations of governmental and non-governmental
entities; drafting official letters, memoranda, and investigative reports;
publicizing activities and investigative findings, and coordinating with the other
subcommittees of the full Committee.
Successful candidate will be detail-oriented and possess strong communication,
management and writing skills. Ten years of professional experience and J.D.
preferred but not required. Active security clearance and committee experience is
a plus. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Women, minorities, veterans and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at least two professional
references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line as “Oversight &
Investigations Subcommittee Staff Director.”
MEM-351-21

Congresswoman Norma J. Torres (CA-35) seeks a motivated, energetic,
community-oriented individual for the position of Field Representative.
The position will be based in the Ontario, CA District Office. The Field
Representative will act as a liaison between constituent groups, local businesses,
local and state governments, and Congresswoman Torres, in addition to initiating
community outreach projects.
The position will also respond to in-person, written, and telephone inquiries from
constituents, represent the Congresswoman at public events in the district, make
legislative presentations, develop community outreach projects, and perform
other duties as assigned. Knowledge of the cities, communities, and issues of
regional concern required. Spanish language fluency a plus.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume
to CA35.OfficeStaff@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin,
uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

MEM-349-21

Rep. Grace F. Napolitano’s office seeks a Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent in our Washington, DC office.
Page 15 of 20

The position is responsible for staff assistant duties of greeting visitors,
answering phones, providing assistance to constituents, including arranging tours,
taking flag requests, and general assistance to staff. The position also includes
being the Legislative Correspondent and collecting and organizing constituent
mail, drafting response letters, and informing the Congresswoman and staff of the
constituent correspondence.
The position is also responsible for managing and hiring interns. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. California ties
and Spanish-language skills are a plus.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to NapolitanoCP@mail.house.gov.
MEM-342-21

The Office of Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-30) is seeking to fill a job
opening for a caseworker position in the (Sherman Oaks) district office.
Caseworker responsibilities include:
·Interact with constituents via phone, email and in-office meetings;
·Assist senior staff with administrative responsibilities;
·Input, file and review constituent inquiries;
·Contact federal agencies on behalf of constituents
Applicant should be organized, professional, highly motivated and must possess
strong writing, typing and interpersonal skills. Must be able to work in a fastpaced environment and meet deadlines. Proficiency with Microsoft Office and
database software preferred.
Position is entry-level, but past experience in a social work or government field is
preferred. Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college
or university with a bachelor's degree.
Salary commensurate with experience. We offer a generous student loan
reimbursement package.
Please submit cover letter and resume attn: Scott Abrams
to scott.abrams@mail.house.gov
No calls please.

MEM-341-21

Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-CA) seeks a highly organized and dedicated Legislative
Director to manage his legislative team and agenda, specifically his work on the
House Judiciary Committee.
Page 16 of 20

Responsibilities will include but are not limited to ability to manage a team,
developing legislative proposals and strategy; preparing memos, floor statements
and remarks; generating non-legislative initiatives and in-district event ideas to
advance the Congressman’s priorities; and representing him in meetings with
constituents and outside groups.
This is not an entry-level position and previous legislative, Capitol Hill
experience (4+ years) and JD is required. Women, LGBTQ+, and/or other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as
candidates with California ties.
Please submit your resume, cover letter, two references, and one writing
sample CAHouseJob@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Director” in the
subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-337-21

Press Secretary
The office of Congressman Jerrold Nadler (NY-10) seeks a motivated and
hardworking communications professional to join a fast-paced communications
team to help manage communications with both a Washington and a New York
focus.
Responsibilities include drafting communications materials (press releases,
newsletters, op-eds, written remarks, etc.); maintaining active social media
accounts; working closely with both national and local press; updating media
lists; and coordinating with legislative staff, district staff, and the Judiciary
Committee communications team.
Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral communication skills;
the ability to comprehend and summarize complex legislation quickly; a proven
ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks; and sound
political judgment. Candidates should have at least 2 years of relevant experience.
Prior Hill or campaign experience, as well as familiarity with New York City
political dynamics is preferred.
The office of Congressman Nadler strives to ensure that our staff represents the
diversity of the country’s population and strongly encourages women and
members of historically disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The office of
Congressman Nadler does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,

Page 17 of 20

sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to Job.Jdem@mail.house.gov.
MEM-336-21

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant.
Duties include assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and
maintaining the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the
tracking and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $38,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-335-21

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for
the Washington office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's
daily and long-term schedule in D.C. and in the District.
The ideal candidate should be well-organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and
able to work effectively in a fast-paced office. Prior scheduling experience on the
Hill or comparable work environment is preferred.
Responsibilities include tracking, evaluating, and responding to invitations and
scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; assisting with
budgeting; vouchering invoices for payment; and office management.
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter
to schedulerjobdc@yahoo.com

Page 18 of 20

MEM-334-21

Florida Democratic House office seeks a driven and talented individual to serve
as Digital Press Secretary.
The position reports directly to the Communications Director and is responsible
for the day-to-day responsibilities of all aspects of the office’s digital operation,
including social media, email, photography, graphic design, website, video, and
streaming. The Digital Press Secretary will also assist in other areas of the
office’s communications portfolio, including staffing events; drafting memos,
talking points, press releases, and flyers; and other projects.
Position will be based out of member’s Orlando office. Candidates should be
comfortable working individually on projects and with teams in multiple
locations, possess strong writing, graphic design, and organizational skills, and
have a strong attention to detail.
This is not an entry-level position. Ideal candidate will have at least two years
previous experience with digital communications, including familiarity with
graphic design and video editing.
This office is an equal opportunity employer. All candidates are encouraged to
apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples,
and three graphic design or video samples to FL10.resume@mail.house.Gov

MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.

Page 19 of 20

Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 20 of 20

