House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 4, 2019

MEM-568-19

The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commercial, and
Administrative Law seeks a hard-working lawyer with significant legal
experience to serve as counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Subcommittee on matters of law and policy; drafting legislation; reviewing
documents submitted in response to Committee information requests;
coordinating hearings and witnesses; drafting statements, memos, and briefing
materials; and providing guidance to offices both on and off the
Subcommittee on matters of antitrust law.
A strong background in antitrust is required. Exceptional writing skills, sound
political judgment, and the ability to work closely and collaboratively with
other congressional offices and advocacy organizations are also strongly
preferred. The Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff,
and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Antitrust Counsel” in the
subject line.
Page 1 of 10

MEM-567-19

The Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on
Energy and Commerce Majority, seeks a counsel to work on investigative
issues related to federal departments and agencies, especially those associated
with the committee’s broad jurisdiction. Experience with federal agencies
under the committee’s jurisdiction, including environment, energy, public
health, communications, or consumer protection, is a plus. Desired skills
include experience in congressional oversight and investigations and related
processes and procedures.
This position includes responsibilities in planning and conducting
congressional hearings, overseeing federal agencies, conducting research and
investigations, writing and editing, and conducting document review and
analysis. Successful candidate will be detail-oriented and possess strong
communication and writing skills. Applicants should have a record of
professional experience; J.D. required unless applicant has significant
experience in the areas described for this position.
Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at least two professional
references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-566-19

Rep. Paul Cook’s office seeks a Legislative Assistant to cover Native
American, public lands, environmental, and agricultural issues, among others.
Experience with House Natural Resources Committee, House Appropriations
Interior Subcommittee, and/or the Department of the Interior preferred.
California or Western state ties preferred. Strong writing proficiency required.
Candidate will be expected to prepare materials for committee hearings and
vote recommendations for markups in the House Natural Resources
Committee.
This person will also be responsible for drafting, introducing, and managing
legislation related to his/her issue areas. Additionally, this person will work
with fellow staffers to prepare vote recommendations for legislation before
the House. This person will work with the Communications Director to draft
press releases, editorials, and social media posts related to the aforementioned
policy areas.
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 1-2 years legislative-branch,
executive-branch, or relevant experience.
Please send a resume and cover letter to anna.dove2@mail.house.gov.

Page 2 of 10

MEM-555-19

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology
seeks a Press Assistant. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, have
strong writing skills, and a strong work ethic.
Duties will include, but are not limited to, drafting press releases, statements,
and op-eds; staffing Committee hearings and markups; and assisting with
maintenance of the official website and social media platforms. Hill
experience and an interest in science policy is a plus.
Qualified applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and
sample social media graphic to sciresumes@mail.house.gov with “Press
Assistant” in the subject line. We are equal opportunity employers; we do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-541-19

The Office of Congressman Harley Rouda (CA-48) is seeking a Press/Digital
Assistant in his Orange County office.
Qualified candidates will have strong writing, editing, and social media skills,
as well as basic familiarity with graphic design/video editing software. One to
two years of experience in a press or digital media role (including internships)
preferred.
This position requires the ability to thrive under pressure, multi-task, and
work in a team environment.
Responsibilities include:
•Drafting social posts + press releases
•Compiling daily press clips
•Assisting with speechwriting
•Maintaining/updating website
•Filming speeches + events
•Designing graphics + editing photos/videos
Interested applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and a short writing
sample/portfolio to ca48resumes@gmail.com with "Orange County
Press/Digital Assistant" in the subject line.

MEM-539-19

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on
Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure
office. The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for
reviewing and providing guidance on a high volume of financial disclosure
issues, education, and training to Members of Congress and their staff through
frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.

Page 3 of 10

This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members
of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates
must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive
matters that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government
ethics, ethics counseling, corporate finance, securities law, and criminal law.
Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and
short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase
“FD Counsel” in the subject line.
MEM-533-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to work on a broad range of portfolio issues. The ideal candidate
will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid
grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of relevant policy.
This is not an entry level position. Excellent writing, verbal and
organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter
while working in a fast-paced environment. Job responsibilities will include
drafting legislation, writing hearing statements and legislative memos, and
preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. North Carolina ties preferred. Please send
applications to congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative
Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-532-19

Southern Republican seeks an energetic Press Assistant to support
Communications Director. The ideal candidate will have experience in social
media management and communications. Excellent writing, verbal and
organizational skills are essential along with the ability to efficiently
communicate while working in a fast-paced environment.
Job responsibilities will include maintaining social media accounts to
consistent communication with media networks.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Press Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-531-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Communications
Director. The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of member experience on
the Hill. This is not an entry level position. Excellent writing, verbal and
organizational skills are essential along with the ability to create and produce
in a timely fashion while working in a fast-paced environment.

Page 4 of 10

Job responsibilities will include management of social media accounts to
maintaining active and consistent engagement on various media networks.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Communications Director” in the
subject line.
MEM-519-19

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include
assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining
the Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking
and processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative
support in setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating
databases with accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members
of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants
must have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone
manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel;
ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good
judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting
with daily tasks and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position
with a starting salary of $38,000 per year. Please email cover letter and
resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally
2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep
understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements
and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.
Page 5 of 10

MEM-506-19

Democratic Congressman seeks a Legislative Correspondent/Press
Assistant to oversee an active mail program and to strengthen the office’s
communications capabilities.
LC responsibilities include sorting/batching correspondence, drafting letters
and ensuring a swift turnaround time. Press responsibilities include drafting
press releases, crafting social media posts, designing graphics, GIFs and other
web content, monitoring the Congressman’s social media platforms,
assembling and maintaining press lists and compiling daily press clips. Must
have strong writing skills. Knowledge of Intertrac, IQ and Adobe Creative
Suite are a plus.
Ideal applicants will have 1-2 years of policy or communications experience.
This Office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Diverse candidates
are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified individuals should submit a resume, cover letter and two writing
samples to employment@mail.house.gov.

MEM-498-19

The Office of Congressman Tom Malinowski seeks a Staff Assistant for its
Somerville District Office location. The Staff Assistant will act as the first
point of contact for the front office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Office Management
•Greet and provide direction to visitors
•Manage office inventory
•Oversee office internship program
Constituent Communications
•Field constituent phone calls
•Log incoming and outgoing correspondence
•Prepare congressional commendations and certificates
•Draft birthday greetings, thank you notes, and letters of congratulation from
the Congressman
•Request and secure Presidential greetings, birthday cards, and letters of
congratulation
Operations and Logistics
•Staff the Member in meetings and at public events
•Assist with event preparations
•Schedule Capitol Hill and White House tours
•Liaise with Congressman’s DC office staff
Good candidates will have an outgoing and positive demeanor, be natural
problem solvers with meticulous attention to detail, can remain calm in high
Page 6 of 10

stakes situations, and work well as part of a team. Spanish or Hindi language
skills are preferred but not required.
A standard work week is 40-50 hours depending on the congressional
calendar. Evening and weekend availability is required. Applicants should
have access to a vehicle, and a valid divers license. Salary range for this
position is $32,000-$38,000 annually. Healthcare and retirement benefits
provided with 15 days paid vacation and 7 days paid sick leave annually.
Recent graduates are encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and veterans, LGBTQ
individuals, women, and diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, writing sample and
three references to nj07resumes2018@gmail.com.
MEM-495-19

Iowa Democrat seeks an experienced Communications Director to lead an
active press operation. Candidates must have experience pitching and placing
stories, op-eds, and letters to the editor in traditional and digital media.
•Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
o maintaining relationships with Iowa and national reporters;
o developing and implementing weekly and long-term strategic
communications plans;
o briefing and preparing the Member for interviews;
o writing press releases, talking points, and speeches;
o collaborating with the legislative team on initiative roll-outs;
o Managing an active social media and digital newsletter program;
oPrevious Hill or campaign experience required; Iowa ties preferred.
This is NOT an entry level position. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Applicants with ties to Iowa are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should send an email to
midwestdemjob2020@gmail.com with “Communications Director/Press
Secretary” in the subject line, and should include a cover letter, resume, short
writing sample (no more than 250 words), and long writing sample (between
500 and 750 words).
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

MEM-483-19

New York Democrat seeks an Operations Manager/Executive Assistant for
their district office. Responsibilities include managing the Member’s
schedule, travel plans and related events in the district.

Page 7 of 10

Duties also include managing the internship program and other office
operations including office equipment and supplies, required reporting, and
assisting with personnel tracking, as well as fielding requests of the Member
with staff and the public.
This is an entry to mid-level position in a fast-paced office that frequently
requires non-traditional work hours. Qualified applicants should have prior
professional office experience.
The Operations Manager/Executive Assistant will report to the Chief of Staff
and District Director. Ties to Brooklyn and fluency in Arabic are a plus. This
position is based in the local Brooklyn, NY office.
This is a permanent, full-time position. Qualified applicants should send a
cover letter, and resume to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please place
OPERATIONS MANAGER/EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT in the subject line.
NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
MEM-462-19

The Office of the Law Revision Counsel—a small, nonpartisan office within
the U.S. House of Representatives—seeks an attorney to assist in the editing
and publishing of the United States Code, the codification of general and
permanent Federal statutory law.
The editorial work needed to maintain the U.S. Code involves a number of
tasks, including:
•reading new laws to determine which provisions should appear in the Code
and where,
•updating the Code to reflect new law and amendments to existing law,
•writing concise editorial notes to explain amendments, effective dates,
references within the text to other laws, and a variety of other legislative
concepts,
•preparing statutory citations and tables, and
•identifying errors in grammar and spelling—
•all while conforming to very strict style guidelines.
In addition to the basic tasks required to integrate new laws into the Code,
other duties may be required, such as reviewing drafts of bills to enact titles as
positive law, doing extensive research and editorial work to improve the
organization of existing provisions in the Code, and assisting in the
continuing modernization of the Office, including support of online and
machine readable versions of the Code.
Qualifications
•J.D. degree and attorney license in any U.S. jurisdiction or intention to obtain
license within one year.
•At least one year of professional experience in editing or publishing,
Page 8 of 10

preferably in the legal field.
•Meticulous attention to detail and dedication to accuracy.
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
•Absolute proficiency in grammar, spelling, and usage.
•Ability to analyze and summarize complex legal issues.
•Ability to identify issues affecting Federal statutes and explain them clearly
and concisely within firmly established parameters.
Other conditions to note:
Familiarity with Federal or State statutory law is highly desirable.
This position is better suited to someone able to engage in extended periods of
solitary work, often involving tedious and repetitive tasks.
The ability to adhere to, and function comfortably within, established styles
and practices is essential.
Please be aware that this is a long-term career position with the Office, not a
stepping stone to another position within Congress or the Federal
Government.
Applicant Instructions
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter with salary
requirements to:
uscodeapplicant@mail.house.gov
Applicants will be evaluated based on the ability to meet the qualifications
stated above. Significant weight will be given to the applicant's cover letter. If
chosen for an interview, an applicant will be requested to submit a writing
sample.
MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible
schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.

Page 9 of 10

Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 10 of 10

