House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 17, 2017

MEM-130-17

New Jersey Democrat is seeking a legislative assistant to handle the
Member’s work on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.
Responsibilities include: preparing and staffing the Member for committee
hearings and markups, developing and advancing legislation and other policy
priorities of the Member, researching and advising the Member on bills and
other issues, representing the Member in meetings, and drafting constituent
correspondence. The ideal candidate will have a transportation background
and Hill experience.
Please e-mail cover letter, resume and two brief writing samples to
nj08jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or drop-ins.

MEM-129-17

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Homeland Security is seeking
a Professional Staff Member. This individual should have extensive
background in border and maritime related security issues, and previous
experience on the Hill is preferred. Please email a resume and writing sample
to resumes.CHS@mail.house.gov.
Page 1 of 7

MEM-127-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks an experienced Legislative
Assistant to work on issues, including education. Excellent written and oral
communication skills required. Hill experience and law degree a plus. Send
resume, brief writing sample, and three references to
DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins please.

MEM-124-17

The office of Congressman Thomas Massie of the 4th District of Kentucky, is
seeking a pleasant, energetic, highly-organized, detail-oriented, Staff
Assistant for the Northern Kentucky District Office.
The Staff Assistant duties include: greeting visitors, answers the telephone
and answers constituent requests for general information, casework, and other
inquiries. This position also monitors delivery and pickup of materials,
maintains the front office, and assists other staff members with various
administrative and legislative duties.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
 Provide staff coverage for the District Office, answer constituent
phone calls and office visits, and the handling of constituent
correspondence
 Review and assign incoming casework
 Act as a liaison between constituents and other government agencies
 Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient
manner; proactively follow up on all open cases until resolutions are
reached
 Train and supervise interns to handle routine office matters, such as
incoming correspondence, visitors, telephone calls, and other issues
that may arise
 Maintain office supplies and equipment, and the maintenance of the
office organizational system
 Handle other tasks as assigned
QUALIFICATIONS:
 Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a
tactful, pleasant, and professional manner
 Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
 Strong oral and written communication skills
 Understands the value/art of the “follow-up”
 Works well under pressure while managing multiple tasks with
competing priorities
 Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment
 Availability to occasionally work nights and weekends, if needed
 Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
 Knowledge of legislative process helpful
 Strong oral and written communication skills
Page 2 of 7



Previous office experience a plus

Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. To
apply, please submit via email a resume and cover letter
to: KY4district@gmail.com.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-123-17

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives, and Ranking
Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic
staff. The ideal candidate will be a junior attorney (less than five years of
experience) with a background or strong interest in environmental matters,
including investigations, hearings, depositions, and briefings. Candidates with
diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure,
be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication
skills. Please send a resume and cover letter to
oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-122-17

The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated
and hardworking communications professional to join fast-paced
communications team as a press assistant. Responsibilities include drafting
news releases, social media posts, op-eds and talking points; designing
graphics for both social media and web content; monitoring social media for
trending topics; maintaining and updating press lists; and compiling daily
press clips. Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral
communication skills, a proven ability to perform under pressure while
juggling multiple tasks and sound political judgment. Prior Hill or campaign
communications experience, as well as professional social media and digital
experience (including graphic design and photo and video editing), is
preferred. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. Please no walk ins or phone calls.

MEM-120-17

Senior Republican Appropriator is seeking an experienced Military
Legislative Assistant for their Washington office. Responsibilities will
include staffing Member on Defense Appropriations Subcommittee,
conducting meetings and advising on defense policy, coordinating with DOD
representatives, and supporting Member and district staff to represent the
interest of significant military installation within the district. Absolute
minimum 5 years relevant experience within Department of Defense or as
MLA required and prior military experience preferred. Active TS Clearance
required—applicants without active TS or higher will not be considered.
Interested applicants should send both cover letter and resume to
GOPJobOpportunity@gmail.com.

Page 3 of 7

MEM-118-17

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Homeland Security is
currently seeking a Director of Strategic Initiatives. This individual would
be responsible for all aspects of full committee hearings, including
coordination with subcommittee staff directors and professional staff on
witness scheduling, briefing the Chairman, and writing and vetting opening
statements and questions. Other responsibilities include:







Working in close coordination with senior staff on full committee
activities such as planning congressional delegation trips, site visits,
field hearings, roundtables and various other events.
Engaging with Chair and senior committee staff to craft speeches,
official statements, opinion editorials, talking points, and other public
communications that reflect the Chairman’s agenda.
Helping lead Committee efforts to advance the Chairman’s policy
vision across multiple platforms.
Assisting with crisis response, including in the wake of terrorist
incidents, natural disasters, and other emergency situations.

Previous Hill experience preferred. We ask for no calls or drop ins. Qualified
applicants should email a resume, 2-3 references, and a writing sample to:
resumes.chs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-114-17

Democratic Member of Congress from North Carolina seeks a Legislative
Director for D.C. Office. The legislative portfolio includes education, labor,
and transportation. This individual is responsible for drafting legislation and
amendments, tracking legislation, developing legislative initiatives, writing
speeches and floor statements, staffing the Member in Committee, and
representing the Member in meetings with constituents and interested parties.
Applicants should have experience in education policy, excellent written and
verbal communication skills, work well under pressure in a fast-paced
environment, be a strong team player, and have at least two years of
legislative experience on Capitol Hill. Ties to North Carolina are a plus.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two brief writing
samples along with three references to nchousejobs@gmail.com. Please be
sure to put LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR in the subject line. No drop-ins or
phone calls. The office is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-113-17

Democrat seeks Legislative Director with extensive Hill and legal
experience –litigation experience preferred. The LD will report to the Chief of
Staff and manage all aspects of the legislative team. The LD is responsible for
working with the legislative team, Member, and Chief of Staff to successfully
develop and implement policy strategies that further the member's goals in
both D.C. and the district. Strong communication skills and a focus on
teamwork are critical components of this position. Experience with House
Judiciary Committee, floor procedures, and legislative process are required.
Page 4 of 7

Interest in intellectual property and anti-competition issues required. The LD
position requires someone who pays attention to detail, is passionate about
public service, is proactive, excels working in a fast-paced environment, has
excellent writing ability, and who creates a positive leadership culture. Submit
resume and cover letter, three references and two short writing samples with
the subject line “Legislative Director” to costochj@gmail.com.
MEM-111-17

Senior Democratic Member seeks Policy Advisor to serve in personal office
and on Committee staff. Position will develop and implement legislative
initiatives, conduct oversight and investigations, write floor speeches and
committee statements, and handle meetings with constituents and interest
groups on behalf of Member. Portfolio is flexible, but will likely include civil
liberties, voting rights, criminal justice, immigration and special projects as
necessary. Law degree is strongly preferred, but will consider other advanced
degrees with significant Hill experience. To apply, please email a cover letter
and resume with the words “Policy Advisor” in the subject line to
job_09@live.com. Please paste your cover letter in the body of the email – do
not send letter as an attachment.

MEM-110-17

Florida Democratic Member is seeking a District Press Assistant to join an
aggressive communications team. This position will report to the DC-based
Communications Director. Responsibilities include managing the member’s
social media accounts; coordinating district press events and interviews;
drafting advisories, e-newsletters, social media content (including graphics);
staffing the member at district events, including driving the member; and
other tasks as assigned. Ideal candidates must demonstrate a familiarity with
implementing and measuring social media strategy. This position requires
excellent written and oral communication skills, professionalism, attention to
detail, an ability to multitask and prioritize competing priorities, and a
commitment to working in a team environment. Florida ties and previous Hill
or campaign experience preferred. Qualified applicants should submit resume,
cover letter, a one-page writing sample, and social media samples to
DistrictPressAssistant.FL@gmail.com.

MEM-108-17

The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (Majority) is looking to hire a new
Full Committee Staff Assistant.
The front office Staff Assistant would report directly to the Committee Clerk
and should have excellent oral and communication skills, strong organization
skills, attention to detail, a positive attitude and ability to work cooperatively
and courteously with others, patience, and sense of humor.
Qualified candidates please send résumés only to the following e-mail
address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “HVAC Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. No calls or walk-ins.

Page 5 of 7

Your résumé will be reviewed to determine if you are among the top
candidates. If you are one of the top candidates, you will be contacted for an
interview.
MEM-093-17

Professional Staff Member - Republican Committee in the House of
Representatives seeks candidate with extensive background in health care
policy, with particular emphasis on employer-based health care
programs. Congressional experience desired. Good writing and research skills
necessary. Please send resumes to edandworkresumes@mail.house.gov

MEM-091-17

Congresswoman Alma Adams (NC-12) is seeking applicants for District
Director. The District Director will oversee management and operation of the
District office, serve as a key liaison to local organizations and elected
officials, and develop and implement long-term strategic outreach and
constituent services plans. Qualified candidates will demonstrate significant
management experience, strong oral and written communications skills, selfmotivation and familiarity to local and state organizations. In addition,
qualified candidates must have prior experience in coalition building, a
thorough understanding of the federal legislative process, and in-depth
knowledge of Mecklenburg County, North Carolina. The position requires the
ability to multi-task, work well under pressure, and the flexibility to work
long hours, including nights and weekends as needed. Ties to North
Carolina’s 12th Congressional District are preferred and the position is based
in Charlotte, NC.
To apply for the District Director position, please send cover letter and
resume to nchousejobs@gmail.com with “District Director” in the subject
line. Salary commensurate with experience. This is NOT an entry-level
position. No phone calls, drop-ins or faxes.
The office is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-086-17

Bay Area Congressman seeks Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse
portfolio of issues with particular emphasis on Transportation &
Infrastructure Committee responsibilities. Prior legislative experience on
Capitol Hill required and understanding of California infrastructure priorities
and California ties preferred. Candidates should have excellent research,
writing, and communication skills. Duties include identifying and advancing
policy proposals, committee hearing and mark-up preparation, meetings with
constituents and advocacy organizations, working with California
stakeholders, and assisting with constituent correspondence. Successful
candidates should possess strong interpersonal skills and a willingness to
work in a team environment. Salary commensurate with experience. Office is
an equal opportunity employer.

Page 6 of 7

Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
to CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.
MEM-083-17

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking a
health care professional with expert knowledge of health care quality and
safety, care coordination, integrated health care systems, and health care
administration to serve as a Health Care Investigator. This position involves
examining agency health care activities and composing analytical documents
and policy recommendations in an extremely fast-paced environment. The
ideal candidate will have developed this experience as a nurse (specializing in
care coordination or health care informatics), a physician, or a mental health
professional with strong analytical skills and management experience. A
health care-related investigatory background is preferred, but not required.
Veterans with requisite experience strongly encouraged to apply. Interested
candidates should send their (1) cover letter, (2) resume, (3) references, and
(4) writing sample of a clinical, analytical, or policy nature to
VAR.Resumes@Mail.house.gov with "Health Care Investigator" in the
subject line. No walk-ins, please.

MEM-082-17

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is seeking an
IT professional with technical, project management, and policy expertise to
serve as an Information Technology Investigator. This position involves
examining agency IT activities and translating highly technical subject matter
into analytical documents and policy recommendations in an extremely fastpaced environment; it is not a developer or operations role. Program/project
manager, senior analyst, or subject matter expert-level experience managing
enterprise modernization efforts is required. Government agency, contractor,
or corporate backgrounds are equally acceptable. Health informatics,
particularly electronic health records, experience is strongly preferred.
Qualified veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Prior Hill experience is
helpful but not necessary. Interested candidates should send their (1) cover
letter, (2) resume, (3) references, and (4) writing sample of a policy or
analytical nature to VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with "IT Investigator" in
the subject line. No walk-ins please.

Page 7 of 7

