House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 2, 2019

MEM-629-19

Congressman Dan Kildee seeks a full-time legislative assistant in
Washington, D.C.
The legislative assistant will primarily handle health care for an active
Member of the Ways and Means Committee and House Democratic
Leadership, along with other legislative issues. Responsibilities are wideranging and include preparing for and staffing committee hearings, drafting
legislation and amendments, writing talking points and memorandums, and
interacting with key constituent groups and stakeholders. Applicants should
have a significant understanding and demonstrated passion for health care
policy.
Applicants must be willing to work on a team, bring an entrepreneurial spirit
to a fast-paced office, previously demonstrated pro-active initiative, and
possess a desire to continually learn. Applicants must work well under
pressure, have excellent written and oral communication skills and
demonstrate leadership capabilities. The position requires strategic thinking
and the ability to work independently as well as within a team.

Page 1 of 12

This is not an entry-level position. A minimum of three years of experience is
required. Applicants with Michigan ties are a plus. Compensation is
commensurate with experience.
This office is an equal opportunity employer, committed to developing an
organization that is reflective of the district that we serve. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin,
sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and a writing
sample to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-626-19

Congressman Greg Pence is seeking an experienced, highly organized, and
detail-oriented Scheduler to serve in the DC office. The applicant must be
able to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment and possess
outstanding interpersonal skills.
The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member’s daily and long-term
schedule in DC, coordinate the Member’s travel, serve as a staff liaison with
the Member, and assist with administrative office functions as assigned. The
ideal candidate will have a positive and professional demeanor, exercise
discretion and excellent judgment, and be able to anticipate problems and
offer solutions.
This is not an entry level position. Qualified applicants should send submit
their resume and cover letter to RepublicanScheduler@gmail.com.

MEM-625-19

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (NV-04) seeks a Senior level
Executive Assistant with the ability to schedule and serve as a personal
staffer, as needed for the Washington, D.C. office. The ideal candidate must
have experience as a Senior Executive Assistant be detail-oriented, a problem
solver, self-starter with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment,
manage multiple tasks at once, have excellent writing, verbal, interpersonal
and organizational skills, understand the logistics of travel among various
time zones and be available and able to handle last minute changes to the
Member’s schedule.
This candidate must be available to work outside of traditional office hours,
including evenings and weekends and available to drive the Member to and
from events during regular office hours and after hours and when needed,
staffing him at offsite events.
Responsibilities include:
•Manage and maintain the Member’s daily and long-term calendar in D.C., as
well, coordinate the Member’s district calendar with the Director of Admin
•Work with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between
Page 2 of 12

commitments
•Ensure the Member is provided with briefing materials for each event and
meeting
•Responsible for extensive travel arrangements, expense reports, invoice
submittal, and miscellaneous other duties
•Driving the Member to and from events (Must have own vehicle)
•Manage and maintain administrative/office management duties
•Performing other duties as required
This position will report directly to the Member and the Director of
Administration and must be available by phone and email on weekends and
evenings. Senior executive assistant experience and vehicle required.
Congressional experience preferred, Nevada ties and additional language
skills are a plus. This is not an entry-level position.
Qualified candidates should include their cover letter, resume and
professional references in a single PDF file to selena.harvey@mail.house.gov,
with the subject line: “Executive Assistant__ last name, first name ” by
December 13, 2019.
MEM-622-19

The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-7) is seeking an experienced,
highly-motivated Legislative Director to lead the Representative’s legislative
work and manage a team of Legislative Assistants and Fellows. The LD will
work with the Chief of Staff, Member, and other senior team members to
develop a legislative strategy and priorities. S/he will train and supervise the
legislative team members, review/approve work from other legislative team
members, track legislative accomplishments and statistics, provide vote
recommendations, and develop and advance legislative proposals from initial
idea to final passage.
The LD will also work closely with the District team to ensure that the team’s
legislative focus aligns with District priorities and legislative ideas are coming
from District issues and casework. As the senior member of the Legislative
Team and as a member of the office’s Senior Leadership Team, the
Legislative Director should be knowledgeable about procedure in the House
of Representatives, have a handle on major legislation across policy areas,
and be able to provide legislative ideas and process/procedural guidance to
other team members.
The LD will also manage his/her own portfolio of legislative work. The
portfolio will have a domestic policy focus, with flexibility as to the specific
policy topics. (The portfolio could include some but not all of: healthcare,
finance, taxes, appropriations, small business, agriculture, rural broadband,
transportation, infrastructure, energy, environment, education, civil rights,
workforce development, labor, gun violence prevention.) As the office is
currently also in the process of hiring an LA and legislative fellow(s), there is
Page 3 of 12

substantial flexibility in portfolios. Cover letters should include a sentence on
the portfolio you would like to cover.
The best-qualified candidates will have several years of Hill experience,
preferably in the House and ideally in more than one office. Other
requirements include strong writing and analytical skills, a substantial policy
background, attention to detail, facility at managing multiple competing tasks,
and the ability to operate with grace and humor in a fast-paced environment.
Other advantages include experience in a frontline or Blue Dog office, ties to
Central Virginia, advanced education, management experience, and the ability
to motivate others.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three
references to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director – [Last Name]” as the subject line. For consideration in the first
round of interviews, please apply by 12pm Eastern time on Sunday,
December 1. (Applications will continue to be accepted and considered on a
rolling basis after that time.)
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The
office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information,
disability, or uniformed service.
MEM-621-19

The Office of Rep. Abigail Spanberger (VA-7) is seeking an experienced,
highly-motivated Legislative Assistant. The Legislative Assistant will handle
one of the following two portfolios:
1) Agriculture (including Agriculture Committee work), rural broadband,
transportation, infrastructure, and other domestic policy issues.
2) Healthcare, taxes, finance, small business, workforce development, and
other domestic policy issues.
Responsibilities will include drafting and advancing legislative proposals,
preparing the Member for hearings and markups, meeting with stakeholders
and constituents, providing vote recommendations, and performing additional
tasks as assigned. The best-qualified candidates will have policy experience in
one or more of those issue areas, Hill experience, strong writing and
analytical skills, and the ability to operate with grace and humor in a fastpaced environment. Other advantages include experience in a frontline or
Blue Dog office, ties to Central Virginia, and advanced education. This is not
an entry level position.
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples, and three
references to Spanberger.Inquiries@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Page 4 of 12

Assistant – [Last Name]” as the subject line. Please include in your cover
letter a sentence describing your preferred portfolio.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The
office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information,
disability, or uniformed service.
MEM-613-19

Midwest Republican office seeks a detail-oriented, highly motivated and
proactive Legislative Director to handle a diverse policy portfolio. The ideal
candidate will have 3-5 years of experience on Capitol Hill, with an in-depth
understanding of House procedures.
Job responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: drafting legislation,
overseeing committee activity, making vote recommendations, writing
statements, drafting legislative memos, tracking legislation and meeting with
constituents and stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will be a self-starter, highly motivated, detailed oriented
and possess strong writing and verbal communication skills. Interested
candidates who meet these qualifications should submit their resume, cover
letter and a writing sample to ResumeIN@mail.house.gov

MEM-610-19

Senior Advisor
The House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee (DPCC)
seeks a senior staff member to join a dynamic leadership office team.
This position will work with the Executive Director to design and execute
strategies that advance the message priorities and values of the House
Democratic Caucus; Assist with planning and execution of regular message
meetings for Members and staff; Engage in outreach to Democratic offices
and provide support with message strategies and communications planning;
Assist with daily tasks and long-term planning as needed.
Successful candidates will be creative self-starters, come with ideas and have
experience planning meetings and events. They will be organized, politically
astute and able to collaborate with others in a tight-knit, fast-paced
environment. Familiarity with the House and an understanding of the
priorities and values of the House Democratic Caucus, as well as previous
experience interacting with elected officials required. Communications
experience preferred.
The position will report to the executive director of the DPCC and work
collaboratively with Chair and Co-Chair staff and other leadership staff. Nontraditional work hours are expected.

Page 5 of 12

We are equal opportunity employers; we do not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Qualified applicants
should email a cover letter and resume to jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with
“DPCC Senior Advisor” in the subject line.
MEM-606-19

Midwest Republican seeks an energetic and enthusiastic Press Secretary.
The ideal candidate must be a strong writer, have the ability to work in a fastpace environment and be able to manage multiple tasks.
In addition, the successful candidate must have a keen attention to detail and a
strong work ethic. Primary responsibilities include writing press releases, opeds, franked mail, managing social media and the official website. The
individual would also develop and maintain good relationships with district,
state and national media.
Qualified candidates must have at least two to three years of relevant
experience on Capitol Hill. Interested candidates who meet these
qualifications should submit their resume, cover letter and a writing sample to
ResumeIN@mail.house.gov

MEM-599-19

Progressive Southern California Democrat seeks an experienced
Communication Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, energetic, and be
attentive to detail. This position will be based in the Member’s Washington,
DC office.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for
developing and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan,
including social media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media
outlets. Moreover, the Communications Director will oversee day-to-day
press operations including responding to media inquiries, booking the
Member for interviews, pitching news opportunities to media outlets,
updating and maintaining the Member’s social media accounts, and producing
speeches, talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds and enewsletters. They will also be responsible for managing a Press Secretary and
working with the Member, Chief of Staff, Legislative Director, and District
Director to develop and coordinate core messaging.
This is not an entry level position. Candidates must have previous pressrelated experience, be highly organized, proficient in multi-tasking, have
strong political acumen and instincts, and possess superior writing, editing,
and proof-reading skills. Additionally, the Communications Director must be
willing to work extended hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while

Page 6 of 12

maintaining a positive demeanor and sense of humor. Capitol Hill experience
is preferred, and fluency in Spanish is a plus.
The annual salary range for this position is $60-75K commensurate with
experience. Please e- mail your resume, a cover letter including salary
requirements, and a writing sample to
Resume.inbox7@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director Position”
in the subject line.
The Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified candidates are
encouraged to apply.
MEM-592-19

The Office of Congresswoman Abby Finkenauer (IA-01) seeks an
experienced, creative, and motivated Communications Director to be a
senior member of the team. The ideal candidate will possess excellent written
and verbal communication skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, experience developing and pitching stories, and the ability to
execute a communications plan encompassing DC and in Iowa activities. The
candidate will also have congressional and/or campaign experience, a good
sense of humor, be able to foster a positive work environment, and have Iowa
ties.
This position would be based out of Washington DC or Iowa, with associated
travel as needed. The Communications Director will be expected to, among
other duties: act as the primary spokesperson for the Member; develop and
maintain relationships with media outlets in Iowa and nationally; implement a
communications plan in-district and in DC; develop and successfully pitch
press stories; oversee digital operations; mentor the Press Secretary; develop
talking points, speeches, and press releases; hold regular media preparation
sessions; work collaboratively with Iowa and national team members on all
aspects of the office; and facilitate successful events and earned media in the
district.
TO APPLY: Please e-mail a detailed resume and two writing samples to
IA01Resumes@mail.house.gov. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military
status, age, marital status, or parental status.

MEM-587-19

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR: Senior House Member seeks an
experienced communications director to develop and execute press, media,
and communications operations. This is not an entry-level position.
Responsibilities include: 1) cultivating and maintaining relationships with
local and national outlets and reporters; 2) confidentiality, thoughtful
discretion, and independent judgement in representing the Member’s position
on policy issues; and 3) writing speeches, opinions, press releases, statements,
book forwards, and other public documents.
Page 7 of 12

Strong candidates will have:
•exceptional communications (written, verbal, and listening) skills;
•expertise in all aspects of media standards and relations, including on- and
off-record press management;
•digital media and newsroom experience;
•a proven attention to detail;
•the capacity to work under short deadlines in a high profile office; and
•knowledge of the legislative process and current events.
Applicants with ties to the South are encouraged to apply. The Office is a
collaborative and committed team of public servants -- where good humor
and non-traditional work hours are expected. The Office is an equal
opportunity employer committed to and benefitting from an inclusive and
diverse work environment.
To apply, please e-mail a resume, cover letter and two writing samples in a
single combined PDF file to NewJobOpening@mail.house.gov with
“Communications Director” in the subject line. Drop-ins, phone calls,
correspondence, and inquiries sent anywhere other than to the above e-mail
address will not be considered.
MEM-568-19

The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commercial, and
Administrative Law seeks a hard-working lawyer with significant legal
experience to serve as counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Subcommittee on matters of law and policy; drafting legislation; reviewing
documents submitted in response to Committee information requests;
coordinating hearings and witnesses; drafting statements, memos, and briefing
materials; and providing guidance to offices both on and off the
Subcommittee on matters of antitrust law.
A strong background in antitrust is required. Exceptional writing skills, sound
political judgment, and the ability to work closely and collaboratively with
other congressional offices and advocacy organizations are also strongly
preferred. The Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff,
and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Antitrust Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-567-19

The Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on
Energy and Commerce Majority, seeks a counsel to work on investigative
issues related to federal departments and agencies, especially those associated
Page 8 of 12

with the committee’s broad jurisdiction. Experience with federal agencies
under the committee’s jurisdiction, including environment, energy, public
health, communications, or consumer protection, is a plus. Desired skills
include experience in congressional oversight and investigations and related
processes and procedures.
This position includes responsibilities in planning and conducting
congressional hearings, overseeing federal agencies, conducting research and
investigations, writing and editing, and conducting document review and
analysis. Successful candidate will be detail-oriented and possess strong
communication and writing skills. Applicants should have a record of
professional experience; J.D. required unless applicant has significant
experience in the areas described for this position.
Please send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and at least two professional
references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-566-19

Rep. Paul Cook’s office seeks a Legislative Assistant to cover Native
American, public lands, environmental, and agricultural issues, among others.
Experience with House Natural Resources Committee, House Appropriations
Interior Subcommittee, and/or the Department of the Interior preferred.
California or Western state ties preferred. Strong writing proficiency required.
Candidate will be expected to prepare materials for committee hearings and
vote recommendations for markups in the House Natural Resources
Committee.
This person will also be responsible for drafting, introducing, and managing
legislation related to his/her issue areas. Additionally, this person will work
with fellow staffers to prepare vote recommendations for legislation before
the House. This person will work with the Communications Director to draft
press releases, editorials, and social media posts related to the aforementioned
policy areas.
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 1-2 years legislative-branch,
executive-branch, or relevant experience.
Please send a resume and cover letter to anna.dove2@mail.house.gov.

MEM-555-19

The Democratic Staff of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology
seeks a Press Assistant. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, have
strong writing skills, and a strong work ethic.
Duties will include, but are not limited to, drafting press releases, statements,
and op-eds; staffing Committee hearings and markups; and assisting with
maintenance of the official website and social media platforms. Hill
experience and an interest in science policy is a plus.

Page 9 of 12

Qualified applicants should email a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and
sample social media graphic to sciresumes@mail.house.gov with “Press
Assistant” in the subject line. We are equal opportunity employers; we do not
discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national
origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally
2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep
understanding of relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements
and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to
congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.

MEM-462-19

The Office of the Law Revision Counsel—a small, nonpartisan office within
the U.S. House of Representatives—seeks an attorney to assist in the editing
and publishing of the United States Code, the codification of general and
permanent Federal statutory law.
The editorial work needed to maintain the U.S. Code involves a number of
tasks, including:
•reading new laws to determine which provisions should appear in the Code
and where,
•updating the Code to reflect new law and amendments to existing law,
•writing concise editorial notes to explain amendments, effective dates,
references within the text to other laws, and a variety of other legislative
concepts,
•preparing statutory citations and tables, and
•identifying errors in grammar and spelling—
•all while conforming to very strict style guidelines.
In addition to the basic tasks required to integrate new laws into the Code,
other duties may be required, such as reviewing drafts of bills to enact titles as
positive law, doing extensive research and editorial work to improve the
organization of existing provisions in the Code, and assisting in the

Page 10 of 12

continuing modernization of the Office, including support of online and
machine readable versions of the Code.
Qualifications
•J.D. degree and attorney license in any U.S. jurisdiction or intention to obtain
license within one year.
•At least one year of professional experience in editing or publishing,
preferably in the legal field.
•Meticulous attention to detail and dedication to accuracy.
•Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
•Absolute proficiency in grammar, spelling, and usage.
•Ability to analyze and summarize complex legal issues.
•Ability to identify issues affecting Federal statutes and explain them clearly
and concisely within firmly established parameters.
Other conditions to note:
Familiarity with Federal or State statutory law is highly desirable.
This position is better suited to someone able to engage in extended periods of
solitary work, often involving tedious and repetitive tasks.
The ability to adhere to, and function comfortably within, established styles
and practices is essential.
Please be aware that this is a long-term career position with the Office, not a
stepping stone to another position within Congress or the Federal
Government.
Applicant Instructions
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter with salary
requirements to:
uscodeapplicant@mail.house.gov
Applicants will be evaluated based on the ability to meet the qualifications
stated above. Significant weight will be given to the applicant's cover letter. If
chosen for an interview, an applicant will be requested to submit a writing
sample.
MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:

Page 11 of 12

Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible
schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 12 of 12

