+

House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 2, 2020

MEM-086-20

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff, seeks dedicated,
organized, and enthusiastic candidates to join the Consumer Protection
Subcommittee staff as Junior Professional Staff Member. The broad
jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes consumer affairs and consumer
protection generally; motor vehicle safety; consumer product safety and
product liability; regulation of commercial practices, including sports-related
matters; interstate commerce; consumer privacy and data security; and
regulation of travel, tourism, and time.
The subcommittee oversees the National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and the Federal
Trade Commission, among others.
The position requires the handling of substantive legislative and
administrative tasks, including staffing hearings and markups, conducting
oversight, and drafting legislation. Qualified candidates must have strong
writing, analytical, legislative, and organizational skills; a proven ability to
perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with competing
priorities; a willingness to work long hours and weekends; and sound political
Page 1 of 10

judgment. Candidates should have experience working with relevant public
interest groups, relevant agencies, Congress, and industry.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability,
or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to
apply.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and at least two
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line
Consumer Protection Junior PSM Candidate.
MEM-084-20

The Committee on Ways and Means, U.S. House of Representatives, seeks
applications to fill a Professional Staff/Counsel position on the Democratic
staff of the Health Subcommittee.
The position entails: arranging and staffing hearings; legislative drafting;
jurisdictional analysis; advising on parliamentary procedure; negotiation and
correspondence with Republican staff, other Congressional committees,
Representatives, Senators, and Executive agencies; and oversight and
investigative activities. Exceptional writing and analytic ability required, as
well as ability to quickly master unfamiliar, complex topics.
Candidates for the position must be graduates of an accredited law school and
members in good standing of a state or the District of Columbia Bar. Previous
experience with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is
preferred. A strong academic background and exceptional legal research and
writing skills are required. Candidates must have at least five years of legal or
related experience. Hill experience is preferred.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and references to
WMDem.Submissions@mail.house.gov
This position closes March 6, 2020.

MEM-082-20

Communications Director: Senior Democrat seeks a communications
director experienced in all aspects of public relations and social media, who is
also organized, energetic and creative to be based in D.C. congressional office
to handle all communications strategy and media operations for an unusually
busy office, whose Member often has opportunities to appear on TV and radio
media.
This is a very fast-paced office where the communications director overseas
all day-to-day press operations including writing press releases, managing the
social media portfolio, pitching stories, responding to reporters’ inquiries,
producing newsletters, overseeing website content, developing, building
relationships with local and national media and organizing press conferences
Page 2 of 10

and media events. Excellent research, writing and social media skills are
essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will develop and implement a
strategic communications plan, think outside the box and possess the political
savvy needed to anticipate big news stories and to proactively promote the
Member’s message. At least three years of prior media and/or Hill experience
and demonstrated experience with both mainstream and new media outlets is
preferred. This is NOT an entry level communications position. Candidate
must be a DC resident or be willing to become a resident of the District of
Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
MEM-079-20

Southern California Democrat seeks District Director to oversee all
operations of the district offices, including the development and
implementation of policy objectives, strategies and operating plans, as well as
direct all activities and staff of the district offices. This position is responsible
for recruiting, hiring, training, and managing district staff and ensures that
district staff complies with office policies, practices, and procedures;
represents the Member and/or assigns appropriate staff to do so at events or
functions through the district as needed.
Responsibilities include strategizing, developing, and implementing district
communications and outreach plan for constituents, including casework
management. This individual also serves as the primary liaison between the
Congresswoman and constituents and special interest groups in the district;
and, acts as an advisor for the Congresswoman on local concerns, district
issues and politics, and other developments throughout the region.
Candidates should have a minimum of 3-5 years of management experience, a
strong ability to provide necessary organization, leadership and motivation to
manage a Congressional office; excellent oral and written communication
skills; and thorough knowledge of the legislative process. The ideal candidate
is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing
to work long hours (including evenings and weekends) in a fast-paced and
demanding setting. Spanish fluency and Southern California ties are a plus.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and appropriate writing
samples to CA26Resumes@gmail.com with just “District Director” in the
subject line. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
Page 3 of 10

MEM-076-20

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Press Secretary to serve in
her Washington, D.C. office. Candidates should be proactive concerning press
engagement, and possess superior written and oral communication skills
(including editing, and proofreading capabilities). The ideal candidate will
have prior political, legislative, and communications experience. Connecticut
ties are a plus.
Primary responsibilities:
-Establishing and maintaining relationships with Connecticut, national, and
D.C.-based media;
-Coordinating all media efforts and communication-related events;
-Drafting and distributing press releases and media advisories;
-Creating, editing, and placing op-eds;
-Developing, editing, and posting content across all social media platforms;
-Pitching stories to reporters and producers, including national and
Connecticut media, responding to press inquiries, and serving as the point-ofcontact for media;
-Monitoring media narratives and identifying opportunities to promote the
Congresswoman;
-Overseeing Franked communications strategy. This includes drafting,
designing, and distributing Franked mail content; maintaining all social media
platforms; and managing the bi-weekly congressional e-newsletter;
-Updating the Congresswoman’s website and ensuring that it features timely
content;
-Coordinating and staffing the Congresswoman for interviews and events
(including occasional night and weekend commitments);
-Managing a small team of press assistants.
To apply:
Please send a current resume, cover letter with salary requirements, two
writing samples (not to exceed one page each), and three references to
ct05jobs@mail.house.gov by Friday, March 6, 2020 by 5pm.
No calls, emails or walk-ins, please.

MEM-073-20

The House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee (DPCC)
seeks a Digital Director to help design and execute a proactive digital
messaging strategy for the DPCC and assist with the digital reach of House
Democratic offices.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: creating graphics and custom
videos; managing relationships with digital media outlets and identifying new
audiences for House Democrats to reach online; managing all digital
platforms of the DPCC; drafting sample digital content to be used by other
Democratic offices; maintaining and updating websites; tracking analytics;
Page 4 of 10

and offering new, proactive ideas for growing the DPCC’s digital presence
and supporting House Democrats.
Successful candidates will be creative, proactive, team players, who are able
to successfully manage multiple tasks at once. They will have previous
experience and passion for creating video and graphic content and familiarity
with Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Premiere, Illustrator), Final Cut Pro or
other comparable tools. HTML/CSS knowledge a plus.
They will have a strong understanding of the digital media landscape and the
latest digital trends and the ability to identify opportunities to reach new
audiences online. Existing relationships with digital media outlets, podcasts,
YouTube shows and influencers is a plus.
The position will report to the executive director of the DPCC and work
collaboratively with Chair and Co-Chair staff and other leadership staff. Nontraditional work hours are expected. This is not an entry-level position.
We are equal opportunity employers; we do not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Qualified applicants should email a cover letter, resume, an original video,
and an original graphic they are proud of to jobs.DPCC@mail.house.gov with
“DPCC Digital Director” in the subject line.
MEM-066-20

The Office of Congresswoman Abby Finkenauer (IA-01) seeks a Scheduler
to be based in the Washington, DC office. Applicants should have scheduling
experience, ideally with a Congressional office, a political campaign, or a
similarly fast-paced organization. Applicants should be attentive to detail,
organized, and proactive.
Job responsibilities will include:
•Creating and managing the Congresswoman’s schedule in Washington, DC
and in Iowa.
•Building a long term scheduling plan in conjunction with other staff and the
Congresswoman.
•Responding to invitations for meetings and events in a timely manner.
•Managing the Congresswoman’s travel, and logistics in DC and Iowa.
•Managing the Congresswoman’s time throughout the day in DC.
•Preparing memos and briefings for all meetings and events in coordination
with event participants and the appropriate staff members.
•Keeping staff members and the Congresswoman updated in real time about
schedule changes.
•Maintaining files of invitations that have been declined, accepted, or that are
tentative/pending
Page 5 of 10

•Processing travel and expense receipts for the Member.
•Additional duties related to operation of the DC and District offices.
TO APPLY: Please e-mail a resume to IA01Resumes@mail.house.gov. The
office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-064-20

Congressman John P. Sarbanes, a senior member of the Health Subcommittee
on the House Energy & Commerce Committee, is seeking a legislative
assistant to manage a portfolio with a primary focus on health policy and
other issues as assigned.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to advising the Member on all
matters in the issue portfolio; developing and advancing policy proposals;
drafting vote recommendations and talking points for related floor and
committee proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; and
representing the Member before constituents and stakeholders.
The ideal candidate will have previous work expertise on health policy; prior
legislative experience advising a Member of Congress and advancing policy
proposals; excellent written and verbal communication skills; and an
eagerness to work in a fast-paced, collaborative office. Diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply. Maryland ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and writing sample
to employment@mail.house.gov

MEM-063-20

Conservative Congressman seeks a Legislative Correspondent for the
Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include drafting constituent letters, sorting and batching mail,
and assisting the legislative staff with various projects. Applicants should
possess strong conservative credentials, effective writing and research skills,
attention to detail, and the ability to manage multiple tasks at once. Previous
Capitol Hill experience preferred.
To apply, send resume and cover letter to goplc1776@gmail.com

MEM-056-20

Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) seeks an experienced and
highly organized Scheduler to be based in the Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include:
• Drafting short- and long-term DC and district calendars
• Working with internal and external stakeholders to maximize time
Page 6 of 10

efficiency
• Coordinating all travel, including extensive international committee-based
trips
• Driving the Member in DC
• Assisting with Member’s personal correspondence
• Anticipate and proactively provide solutions to expected issues with
schedule
This is a senior staff position; previous Hill or other scheduling and/or fastpaced operations role experience highly preferred. Session nights and
weekend availability by phone sometimes required.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color,
LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Hudson
Valley or New York ties are a plus.
Please send resume, cover letter, and two references to
ny18maloneyleg@gmail.com
MEM-055-20

Republican member of Congress is seeking a highly motivated, pro-active,
and qualified Press Assistant with strong writing and organizational skills to
join an active press team.
Duties include assisting the Communications Director with day-to-day
operations—including but not limited to: creating daily social media and
video content, tracking press clips and traffic on social media, and drafting
press releases, op-eds, newsletters, and video scripts.
The ideal candidate for this position is a self-starter who works well under
pressure, has the capacity to problem solve, employs excellent written and
verbal communications skills, and pays close attention to detail. Please send
your resume to floridarepublicanjobs@gmail.com
Key Responsibilities
Digital: Writing and developing content for social media, including videos
and graphics.
Writing: Drafts press releases and media advisories for distribution to local
and national media. Writes video scripts, weekly newsletter, op-eds, and
speeches.
Social Media: Assist Communications Director with drafting and posting
social media daily.

Page 7 of 10

Additional Responsibilities: Clips TV interviews, floor speeches, and
committee hearings. Tracks newsletter, social media metrics, and supports
communications team as necessary.
Requirements
*THIS IS NOT AN ENTRY LEVEL POSITION.
*Degree in political science, communications, or relevant field.
*1-2 years of professional experience in communications, relevant internships
accepted.
*Outstanding writing and communication skills.
*Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and meet deadlines.
*Candidates well-versed in AP style are strongly preferred.
To apply, please send your resume to floridarepublicanjobs@gmail.com
MEM-052-20

Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on
Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Office of Advice
and Education. The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are
responsible for providing a high volume of ethics advice, education, and
training to Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone
calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members
of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates
must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive
matters that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government
ethics; ethics counseling and training; employment law, including the laws
governing sexual harassment in the workplace; and criminal law. Salary
commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-051-20

Midwestern Republican Office seeking a Scheduler. Applicants should have
scheduling experience, ideally with a Congressional office, a political
campaign, or a similarly fast-paced organization. Applicants should be
extremely attentive to detail, organized, and proactive.
This position will not involve legislative or press work, but will involve
coordinating with those teams and others to ensure the Member’s time is
balanced across various priorities. Job responsibilities will include:

Page 8 of 10

•Creating and updating the Member's schedule in DC
•Responding to invitations for DC meetings and events
•Communicating with the District team about invitations for District events
•Managing the travel plans and logistics
•Preparing meeting briefs and binders for all meetings and events in DC, by
coordinating with event participants and the appropriate staff members
•Maintain a weekly schedule that balances the Member's official and
unofficial time in DC
•Working with the Chief of Staff to review schedule requests
•Processing vouchers for travel and expense reimbursement for the Member
and staff
•Oversee and assisting the Staff Assistant as needed with answering the
phone, greeting visitors, and managing the intern program.
•Additional duties related to managing the overall operation of the DC office
To apply, please submit resume and 2-3 references to
RepJobResume@gmail.com with “Scheduler” in the subject line.
MEM-049-20

Description: Republican Congressman from Ohio seeks a legislative
correspondent for the Washington, DC office. The successful candidate will
be an effective writer and researcher and be able to support the legislative
team as needed.
Candidates should have good communication skills, experience with
managing constituent mail systems, and perform well in a fast pace work
environment. Previous Hill experience and Ohio ties are a plus.
Interested candidates should submit writing samples and resume to
midwestern.job@mail.house.gov

MEM-512-19

Southern Republican seeks an experienced and enthusiastic Legislative
Assistant to cover their work on Homeland Security Committee issues,
among others.
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill,
as well as a solid grasp of House procedures and a deep understanding of
relevant policy. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements
and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Qualified candidates should include in their application a resume and
professional references. Please send applications to

Page 9 of 10

congressionaljobs2805@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.
MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible
schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

Page 10 of 10

