________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of February 7, 2022

MEM-056-22

Rep. Dina Titus seeks an organized and detail-oriented Staff Assistant for her
Washington, D.C. office. Primary responsibilities include managing the front
office, answering and logging telephone calls, managing constituent requests for
flags and tours, assisting with constituent correspondence, recruiting and
managing interns, supporting legislative and communications staff, and other
administrative duties.
Candidates should be motivated self-starters with excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal communication skills, strong organizational skills, demonstrate an
ability to think quickly when troubleshooting, and maintain a positive demeanor
in a busy environment. Capitol Hill or other relevant experience is preferred.
Candidates with a diverse background, Nevada state ties, and Spanish-language
proficiency are strongly encouraged to apply. Rep. Titus is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Those interested in applying should e-mail a cover letter, resume, and one short
writing samples to NV01Jobs@gmail.com subject: “Staff Assistant”.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis and will remain open until the
position is filled.

Page 1 of 21

MEM-055-22

Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Office of Advice and
Education.
The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are responsible for providing a
high volume of ethics advice, education, and training to Members of Congress
and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written
work product. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve
all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral
communication skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the
sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of
the following areas is desirable: government ethics; ethics counseling and
training; and criminal law. The salary range for this position is $126,614 and
$134,782.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-053-22

Representative Emanuel Cleaver (MO-05) is looking for a Legislative
Correspondent / Staff Assistant for the Washington D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include collecting and organizing constituent mail,
drafting response letters, managing the front office, answering and logging
telephone calls, managing constituent requests for flags and tours, recruiting and
managing interns, supporting legislative and communications staff, and other
administrative duties.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal communication skills, strong organizational skills, demonstrate an
ability to think quickly when troubleshooting, and maintain a positive demeanor
in a busy environment. Capitol Hill or other relevant experience is preferred.
Missouri ties are a plus.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, sexual
orientation, gender identity, or uniformed status. Diverse candidates, women, and
LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to apply.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to midwest.jobs@mail.house.gov and list “LC/SA” in the subject line by
February 18th with applications considered on a rolling basis.

Page 2 of 21

MEM-052-22

Representative Emanuel Cleaver (MO-05) seeks a Legislative Assistant who
will be responsible for a portfolio that includes education, criminal justice, voting
rights/elections, civil rights, military/veterans, and other issues.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting and analyzing legislation,
providing policy memos and vote recommendations, advising the Member on
policy issues, and representing the Congressman in meetings with constituents
and outside groups. The position also requires strong organizational and time
management skills, excellent written and verbal communication, and keen
attention to detail.
This is not an entry level position, and an ideal candidate would have at least 2
years of Hill or comparable policy experience. Missouri ties are a plus. The office
is an equal opportunity employer and encourages diverse candidates, women, and
LGBTQ+ candidates to apply.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing sample
to midwest.jobs@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line by February 18th with applications considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-051-22

The Office of Congressman Seth Moulton (MA-06) is seeking a Special
Assistant and Driver for their Washington DC Office.
SUMMARY:
The primary function of the special assistant/driver is to ensure the Member
arrives at scheduled events in a timely manner with the briefing and background
material that he needs to be successful. In addition to reporting to the Scheduler,
this position will work closely with the Member and the Communications
Department.
Duties include driving the Member to meetings, smoothly communicating the
Member’s movements with the team, briefing the Member on the purpose and
goal of each meeting, communicating priorities to the Member for the use of his
time between meetings, staffing assistance for the Communications Department,
and additional duties as required.
Please send a resume and cover letter to ma06.resumes@mail.house.gov by
February 12th. This position is based in Washington, DC.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A bachelor’s degree is preferred. Experience on Capitol Hill, and/or other work
experience is beneficial.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Car and driver’s license in good standing
•Superb organizational skills
Page 3 of 21

•Ability to prioritize and execute numerous tasks
•Ability to be flexible and find creative solutions to problems
•Ability to foresee scheduling conflicts and remedy them before they are an issue
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner
MEM-050-22

The Office of Representative McEachin (VA04) seeks a motivated, creative, selfstarter to join the district staff as a District Representative in the Richmond, VA
office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the Congressman,
representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and updating the
community at district events. The primary casework focus for this position will
be Veteran’s Affairs and the Department of Defense; the staff member will also
manage the Congressman’s Service Academy nomination process and outreach to
Fort Lee.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public. Additionally, successful
candidates will have a positive, solution-driven personality, demonstrate excellent
oral and written communication skills, and show keen attention to detail and an
ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment. Virginia ties and
military experience/exposure are not necessary but are a plus.
Please submit a resume and references to McEachin.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
“District Representative” in the subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis.
Representative McEachin’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information, disability,
or uniformed service.

MEM-049-22

California Democrat seeks a Legislative Assistant who will be responsible for a
portfolio that includes health care, economy and labor, immigration, and other
issues.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to drafting and analyzing legislation,
preparing memos and remarks, and representing the Congressman in meetings
with constituents and outside groups. The position also requires strong
organizational and time management skills, excellent written and verbal
communication, and keen attention to detail.

Page 4 of 21

This is not an entry level position and an ideal candidate would have at least 2
years of Hill or comparable policy experience. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages people of color, women, and LGBTQ+ candidates to
apply.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, two references, and one writing sample
to CAHouseJob@mail.house.gov and include “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.
MEM-048-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a Chief Operations
Director who will work under the guidance of the Member, the Chief of Staff,
and partner with the District Director to help determine and execute the overall
strategies of the office. This includes, but is not limited to, media relations
strategies, and collaborating with District staff on important outreach and
communication efforts.
In addition, the Chief Operations Director will provide leadership and guidance to
structure the office to provide outstanding constituent relations. The Chief
Operations Director will also assist with recruiting and hiring efforts, the
establishment of office policies and procedures, and perform other critical
functions to support administrative operations.
Finally, they will supervise and oversee various operational components related
to the duties of the Communications Director, Scheduler and District Director;
and during the Chief of Staff’s absence, the entire Team. Travel to the District is
required.
Sample Duties
•Assist Chief of Staff and District Director with staff management, including but
not limited to elevated personnel issues/staff conflict
•Under direction of Chief of Staff, assist in draft MRA budget proposals for
franking/events for Chief and Member approval.
•Under direction of Chief of Staff and District Director, onboard new staff and off
board outgoing staff – assist staff with understanding staff health and retirement
benefits; ensure staff ID is secured; office equipment is provided and returned as
needed. Oversee timely and proper staff and Member submissions and
reimbursements.
•Under direction of Chief of Staff, plan staff retreats and ensure goals derived
from strategic planning session are relevant and actively implemented.
•Negotiate, finalize, and process district office leases.
•Review Staff Handbook periodically. Solicit staff and Member feedback to
suggest updates to office policies. Ensure all language is in compliance with
House Rules, Standards and Federal Leave Law.
•Work with Chief of Staff, District Director, Legislative Director, and
Communications Director to identify district legislative priorities and develop
and implement action plans for the office to engage constituents on the issue(s)
Page 5 of 21

through direct outreach, events, social media, etc.; corresponding outreach to
federal, state, local agencies; and potential legislation.
•Participate in both district and DC office department meetings, e.g., casework,
communications, outreach, and legislation and ensure meeting discussions
throughout offices accurately identify existing challenges and discuss time
sensitive and relevant office and Member goals. Inform counterpart offices and
departments of new developments from other team members as needed.
•Assist Chief of Staff and Member with staff evaluations and decision on
bonuses.
Requirements
•Prior experience working in the US Congress and/or Federal government
preferred
•Experience developing and implementing a strategy for an organization or
Member office
•Build productive working relationships and serve as a leader for staff in the
Member office
•Strong written and verbal communication skills
•Able to positively influence and advise staff on policy decisions, legislative
initiatives, and office management
•Comfortable balancing multiple responsibilities and competing deadlines
•Politically savvy and has experience navigating the culture at the House of
Representatives
•Strong decision-making and strategic thinking skills
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Operations Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-046-22

LEGISLATIVE AIDE — Rep. Jim Costa (CA-16) seeks a Legislative Aide in
his Washington, DC office. The Legislative Aide will handle a diverse portfolio
of issues including Health Care, Education, Labor, Housing, and Immigration,
among others.
Responsibilities will include drafting legislation, monitoring legislative priorities
both on and off committees of jurisdiction, taking meetings and building
relationships with constituent groups, providing vote recommendations, advising
the Member on policy issues, and performing other tasks as required.
Candidates should have prior Capitol Hill or relevant policy experience, be highly
motivated, detail-oriented professionals with strong organizational and timemanagement skills, as well as positive attitudes, and pride in work. Applicants
Page 6 of 21

with ties to California’s 16th Congressional District are strongly encouraged to
apply. Spanish fluency is a plus.
Please e-mail cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample in a single PDF
to resume@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Aide” in the subject line.
Absolutely no phone calls, e-mails, or walk-ins. The Office of Representative
Costa is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining an
inclusive and diverse work environment.
MEM-045-22

Legislative Assistant – Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated
and organized lawyer with strong interpersonal, legal and writing skills.
The ideal candidate will be able to manage multiple tasks and work well under
pressure. The Legislative Assistant works with the Chief Counsel/Legislative
Director and with the Chief of Staff to develop and implement the Member’s
legislative strategy in his/her issue areas; prepares materials for hearings; drafts
legislation, amendments; assists with press releases; and conducts research. The
ability to write well under tight deadlines is essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented, problem
solving lawyer and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior
Hill, law firm or similar experience is preferred but not always required.
Candidate must possess a law degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident
of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-044-22

Committee Seeks Press Secretary or Deputy Communications Director: The
Democratic Staff of the House Committee on Budget is seeking an experienced
and motivated communicator to serve as Press Secretary/Deputy
Communications Director.
The starting salary for this senior press position is $70,000 but salary and title are
both commensurate with experience.
The individual selected will have strong writing skills, a keen attention to detail,
and the ability to translate complex issues and topics for different audiences
across platforms and medias. This position is based in Washington, D.C. and
will work closely with the Communications Director with potential opportunities
to manage others.
Responsibilities include developing and honing a proactive press strategy;
Page 7 of 21

pitching, prepping, and staffing the Chairman; drafting press releases and written
content; assist with creating talking points and toolkits for the caucus;
maintaining and updating the press list; tracking media; and working
with the Communications team to identify new ways to engage with press
and digital audiences. The position may require work outside standard office
hours.
This is not an entry level position. Candidates for this national press position
must have 3 – 5 years of experience, including working with reporters and onthe-record, experience staffing a principal, and strong writing skills. Ability to
work well with others, willingness to take initiative, manage competing priorities,
and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines are a must.
The office is an equal opportunity employer with a team that highly values
mentorship and professional development. Candidates with diverse backgrounds,
women, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter describing their fit for the role, a
resume, and three writing samples to BudgetDemocrat.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “HBC Communications Candidate” in the
subject line. Application deadline is Friday, February 11, 2022.
No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-042-22

Congressman James E. Clyburn, Chairman of the House Select Subcommittee on
the Coronavirus Crisis, seeks a Communications Director to lead the Majority
staff’s press operations. The ideal candidate will be a communications
professional with extensive experience working with media, as well as
impeccable writing skills and experience drafting and editing press releases, opeds, and talking points.
Responsibilities include developing and implementing the Select Subcommittee’s
communications strategy across digital and traditional media, drafting press
releases and other materials, responding to media inquiries, coordinating
interviews and press events, and preparing the Chairman for these events.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be
self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Communications Director” in the subject line.

Page 8 of 21

MEM-040-22

New York City Democrat seeks a Director of Outreach and Community
Engagement for their district office.
Responsibilities include building strategic relationships with community leaders
and constituent groups, executing various outreach activities, and recruiting
volunteers for events and outreach programs in the district.
Duties also include coordinating initiatives designed to promote the office and
services to the community, managing an outreach and organizing plan for the
team, and any other assigned duties. Candidates should possess excellent
organization, leadership, teamwork, and management skills, as well as verbal and
written communication skills.
The Director of Outreach and Community Engagement will report to the District
Director. Ties to Brooklyn, a proven management record, and a minimum of
three years of related experience are required. This position is based in the local
Brooklyn, NY office. This is a permanent, full-time position and a senior-level
position in a fast-paced office that frequently requires some non-traditional work
hours.
Fluency in other language other than English (Creole, Arabic, Russian) highly
preferred. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, and resume
to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.
Please place DIRECTOR OF OUTREACH AND COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT in the subject line.
NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.

MEM-039-22

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Professional Staff member responsible for higher education.
Candidates should have familiarity with federal higher education policy and must
demonstrate a proficiency in programs authorized in the Higher Education Act.
Applicants should have two to four years of higher education policy or research
experience or two years of higher education policy or research experience and an
advanced degree.
This position is writing intensive and requires the ideal candidate to have
exceptional writing, communication, and organizational skills. Must demonstrate
the ability to successfully manage multiple projects under deadlines; display a
collaborative disposition; and a commitment to social justice and expanding
economic opportunity.
Responsibilities will include leading a discrete number of higher education issue
areas; researching, reviewing, and drafting legislation; providing technical
Page 9 of 21

assistance to Member offices; preparing written materials including talking
points, letters, memos, and legislative analyses; tracking regulatory
developments, floor activity, and the related activities of other committees;
supporting the execution of committee proceedings and events related to higher
education; and coordinating with the oversight and communications teams in
support of the Committee’s agenda.
Salary range is between $65,000 and $80,000, commensurate with experience. To
apply, applicants must submit a cover letter, resume and two short writing
samples demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Higher Ed Professional Staff" in the subject
line. Please apply no later than February 11.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to
apply.
MEM-038-22

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a Labor
Policy Director to lead a team in advancing a progressive labor rights agenda
covering labor and employment law, health and safety, workforce development,
retirement security, economic policy, and employment-based civil rights
protections.
The successful candidate will have experience managing a team, familiarity with
the range of labor issues within the jurisdiction of the committee and possess
hands-on experience in drafting and enacting legislation. The candidate will have
at least 5 years of Congressional experience, in-depth knowledge on labor and
employment law and policy, and strong communication skills.
To apply, applicants must submit a cover letter, resume, and two short writing
samples demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Labor Policy Director" in the subject line.
Please apply no later than February 11.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to
apply.

MEM-037-22

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Workforce Development Professional Staff to join a team working on
workforce development legislation, including the Workforce Innovation and
Opportunity Act, the National Apprenticeship Act, and other federal workforce
development programs.

Page 10 of 21

The candidate must have two years or more of experience working on the
implementation and/or oversight of federal workforce development programs.
Congressional experience is welcomed but not necessary. This is not an entry
level position.
To apply, applicants must submit a cover letter, resume, and two short writing
samples demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Workforce Development Professional Staff"
in the subject line. Please apply no later than February 11.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to
apply.
MEM-036-22

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a Labor
Counsel to lead the Committee’s efforts on legislation and regulatory issues
related to federal wage and hour laws.
The work scope includes issues associated with the Fair Labor Standards Act
(FLSA) including minimum wage, overtime, subminimum wages (such as tip,
youth and disability), child labor, and misclassification, as well as prevailing
wage laws, including the Service Contract Act and the Davis Bacon Act.
Responsibilities may include guestworker programs, the Migrant and Seasonal
Agricultural Workers Protection Act, and the Family and Medical Leave Act. The
candidate must have a J.D., three or more years of experience working in the
executive, judicial or legislative branch on wage and hour legal and/or policy
issues. Congressional experience is welcomed but not necessary. This is not an
entry level position.
To apply, applicants must submit a cover letter, resume, and two short writing
samples demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis
to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Labor Counsel" in the subject line. Please
apply no later than February 11.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.

MEM-033-22

Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere,
Civilian Security, Migration, and International Economic Policy is seeking a
Temporary Staff Associate (with an end-date of July 2022) to handle day to day
administration, subcommittee event coordination, intern management, conduct
policy research, draft press and social media statements, and other tasks as
assigned.
Page 11 of 21

Spanish proficiency preferred. The Staff Associate will serve as a subcommittee
staffer coordinating hearings and assisting with preparing legislative documents.
Successful candidates will be enthusiastic, professional, hard-working, and detailoriented, with strong writing and communication skills and able to work in a fastpaced environment.
Candidates must hold a bachelor’s degree and demonstrate clear interest in U.S.
policy toward Latin America and the Western Hemisphere more broadly.
Previous Hill experience is preferred but not required. Previous relevant work
experience is preferred.
Qualified candidates should send resume and cover letter
to WHEMjobs@gmail.com with the subject line “Temporary Staff Associate.”
No calls or drop-ins.
MEM-031-22

Senior Republican Member seeking a talented and highly motivated individual to
assume the role of Communications Director. The Communications Director
will serve as the spokesperson and primary communications advisor to the
Member. They will be responsible for developing and executing an aggressive
strategic communications plan, including social media, that encompasses local,
national, and specialty media outlets.
The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
responding to media inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news
opportunities to media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events;
managing the Member’s social media accounts and official website;
editing/drafting speeches, talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds,
and e-newsletters; and creating and distributing e-newsletters.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill (2 years+). They must be highly
organized, proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and
instincts, and possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidate should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communication’s Director”
to Suzanne.scruggs@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
Page 12 of 21

basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-028-22

California House Democrat seeks a Staff Assistant for the Washington D.C.
office. Ideal candidate will be a motivated self-starter with outstanding customer
service, excellent time-management, and strong organizational skills.
Primary responsibilities include: managing the front office including answering
and logging telephone calls; recruiting and managing interns; managing
constituent requests for flags and tours; supporting legislative and
communications staff; assisting with constituent mail responses and other
administrative duties.
Ideal candidates will have relevant experience, excellent oral, written, and
interpersonal skills, demonstrate the ability to think on their feet to solve
problems, and maintain a positive demeanor in a busy environment.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates with California ties are preferred but not required.
Please submit a resume and cover letter in a single PDF document
to ca07jobs@gmail.com with “DC Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No walkins or phone calls.

MEM-027-22

Senior Democratic Congresswoman seeks an experienced, organized, and detailoriented Scheduler/Office Manager for their Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include managing office calendars and visitor access to Member,
organizing and tracking meeting and event invitations, speaking engagements,
travel reservations and other requests for the Member, coordinating with district
staff, and maintaining administrative demands. This individual will also manage
the intern program in the office.
The Scheduler/Office Manager will work closely with other staff members,
particularly senior staffers, to ensure efficient and seamless office operations.
Ideal candidates are flexible, responsive, collaborative, work well under pressure
and on short deadlines, and are able to balance competing demands.
Candidates must be available to assist the Member outside of regular business
hours. Applicants should also have a positive attitude, excellent organizational
skills, strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills, political
instincts and an ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Page 13 of 21

This is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill operational and/or
scheduling experience is required, 3+ years of experience a plus. Ohio ties
preferred. No phone calls, emails, or drop-bys. Please submit cover letter, and
resume to Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-021-22

The Office of Representative Tom Suozzi (NY-03 is looking for a Legislative
Correspondent/Legislative Aide to assist both our constituent mail program and
with the Member’s legislative program in the Washington, D.C. office.
Candidates should possess previous Hill experience, a working knowledge of the
legislative process, and excellent communication and organization skills. The
successful candidate should be detail oriented, have strong writing and and
editing skills, and be able to manage and prioritize a variety of assignments at one
time.
Duties include managing the constituent correspondence program, assisting with
other communication projects, tracking legislation, and assisting staff with
legislative needs.
This is not an entry-level position. New York State ties, especially to Long
Island, are a plus. This is a one-year position. The office of Rep. Suozzi is an
equal opportunity employer and is committed to a diverse and inclusive
workforce.
Please email a cover letter, resume, and short writing sample
to NY03resumes@mail.house.gov

MEM-019-22

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), chair of the
Congressional Progressive Caucus, seeks an experienced, creative, and highly
motivated Communications Director to lead media and strategy efforts in her
fast-paced Washington, D.C. and Seattle, WA offices.
An ideal candidate will:
●Possess strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to
multitask while thriving in a fast-paced setting under tight deadlines;
●Have experience working directly with local and national reporters, bookers,
and other members of the media to proactively pitch stories and respond to
inquiries;
●Think strategically and creatively while designing, implementing, and
evaluating both short and long-term communications plans in addition to leading
rapid response efforts;
●Have a proven track record of writing in the voice of a principal (op-eds,
speeches, statements, messaging, talking points, digital content, etc.) and
explaining policy issues in ways that people can easily understand;
●Know how to operate directly with a principal and collaboratively across
Page 14 of 21

departments while demonstrating experience managing a team;
●Understand the digital media landscape and current digital trends, with
experience overseeing a digital program;
●Have a strong record of advocating for progressive values;
●Be willing to staff the Congresswoman for press, and work weekends and
irregular hours.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Developing and executing the office’s communications strategy for Capitol Hill
and Seattle, including national and local press, messaging, writing, events, and
digital;
●Working directly with the Congresswoman to prepare and staff her for
interviews, speeches, press conferences, public events, roundtables, and other
opportunities;
●Building and sustaining strong relationships with local and national reporters
(including Capitol Hill reporters, local reporters, and issue-specific reporters at
national outlets), editors, columnists, producers, bookers, and advocacy groups;
●Proactively and strategically engaging in media outreach, including pitching
reporters while also fielding and responding to press inquiries at the local and
national levels;
●Serving as the spokesperson (on the record, on background, and off the record)
for the Congresswoman;
●Drafting written materials including press statements, quotes, speeches,
remarks, op-eds, press releases and advisories, and talking points;
●Designing creative plans to effectively roll out legislation, letters, and other
policy initiatives that include press components, and events;
●Overseeing a robust, aggressive, engaging, and data-driven online
communications program;
●Supervising and partnering with the Digital Manager, who manages all digital
and online content, to maintain strategic messaging across official channels while
collaborating with Progressive Caucus staff;
●Working collaboratively with the District Office to ensure a consistently strong
local/state media presence while collaborating with the legislative team on a daily
basis.
This is a senior level position. Applicants must have a proven track record of
working with the press, and a minimum of two years of experience as a press
secretary or communications director is required. Previous experience on
campaigns (political, legislative, or issue-based) and on Capitol Hill is preferred.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include the following in their application:
●Résumé
●Cover letter
Page 15 of 21

●Three writing samples including an op-ed or speech, and a statement
●Three references
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-018-22

U.S. Representative Jimmy Panetta seeks a Legislative Assistant to lead the
Member’s work on health care, immigration, housing, transportation, social
security, social justice, criminal justice, equality, and government and postal
reform issues. The position manages priority legislation and requires working
closely with diverse coalitions of stakeholders and advocates located in the
district on California’s central coast.
Applicants should have experience in formulating legislation and planning the
pathway for the legislation to become law. Other duties include drafting talking
points, memos, and recommendations on legislation and floor proceedings,
representing the Member before stakeholders, federal agencies and constituents,
travel to the district, and frequent outreach and involvement with constituents.
This is not an entry-level position. Qualified applicants have at least two years of
experience in a congressional office or in a position primarily involved in
legislative and policy affairs. The position also requires strong interpersonal
communication skills, the ability to manage multiple assignments and deadlines
simultaneously, and a will to work across the aisle to advance bipartisan
initiatives.
Successful applicants must have superior written, verbal, research, analytical and
problem-solving skills. Candidates must be able to perform under pressure and
possess a strong work ethic, a commitment to public service, and an
understanding of what it takes to be a part of a successful team effort.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples of
one page or less and three references with “LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT” in the
subject line to ca20.jobs@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-017-22

The Office of Congressman Brad Sherman (CA-30) is seeking to fill a job
opening for a field deputy position in the (Sherman Oaks) district office.
The responsibilities include:
·Attending and speaking at meetings and events hosted by constituents,
community organizations and government agencies;
Page 16 of 21

·Advising the Congressman and senior staff on policy developments and the
viewpoints of stakeholders by preparing briefing materials and post-event
memoranda;
·Working with staff members and community leaders to plan and participate in
outreach events;
·Interacting with constituents via phone, e-mail and in-office meetings, and
providing assistance with federal agencies.
Applicant should be organized, professional, highly motivated and must possess
strong writing, typing and interpersonal skills. Must be able to work in a fastpaced environment and meet deadlines. Proficiency with Microsoft Office and
database software preferred. Past experience in a non-profit or government field
is highly regarded.
Candidate should have graduated from an accredited four-year college or
university with a bachelor's degree. Applicant should expect weekend, holiday
and after-hours assignments.
Salary commensurate with experience. We offer a generous student loan
reimbursement package.
Please submit cover letter and resume attn: Scott Abrams
to scott.abrams@mail.house.gov
No calls please.
MEM-016-22

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai’i - 01) is seeking a
Scheduler/Administrative Assistant for his Washington, D.C. office.
Scheduling duties include but are not limited to managing all aspects of the
Congressman’s daily and long-term schedule in D.C., Hawai‘i and elsewhere.
Other duties include coordinating and implementing administrative functions of
the D.C. office, including constituent mail, tours requests, inventory management
and records management. Direct report is to the Chief of Staff, although the
individual will work closely with the Deputy Chief of Staff and the Congressman
is routinely involved in all aspects of his office operations.
Preference given to (1) prior Capitol Hill experience, (2) prior scheduling
experience and (3) Hawai’i background. Applicants are asked to detail these
attributes in their application package. The position also requires initiative, strong
interpersonal skills, multitasking, the ability to work independently and
effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve problems, orientation to
detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills, and long hours
especially adjusting to changing time zones.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
Page 17 of 21

writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “Scheduler/Administrative
Assistant” in the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-011-22

Republican Natural Resource and Judiciary Member office seeking a
Communications Director to develop and lead a communications plan and
manage all media operations for the Member’s outreach and legislative items.
This includes but is not limited to pitching and booking local and national media.
Grow strong local and national press relations. Formulate talking points and
speeches. Create daily social media content, statements, press releases, media
advisories, radio ad scripts, op-eds, and the newsletter. Maintain updates to
Member’s website. Generate and oversee a communications budget strategy that
consists of digital ads, radio ads, mass mailers and telephone town halls.
The ideal candidate is detail-oriented, hands-on, a strong writer, a team player,
and can work under tight and simultaneously competing deadlines.
Interested applicants should email a cover letter and resume
to: ResumesOR@mail.house.gov

MEM-594-21

Job Announcement: Field Representative
Southern California Republican Member of the House
Are you looking for an exciting and fast-paced career in public service? A
Southern California Republican has an immediate need to hire a full-time Field
Representative. We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to
join our high-energy team.
Basic Functions
The Field Representative serves an important role in the Member’s Congressional
District, acting as a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies for the
Member and constituents. They are responsible for strengthening community
relations and assessing casework for problems requiring legislative action and/or
Congressional oversight.
Duties
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative briefs the Member in preparation for district meetings with
constituents and acts as the representative for the Member by attending events
and meetings. This includes public speaking and certificate presentations. The
Field Representative will:
•Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
•Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders

Page 18 of 21

•Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
•Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
Requirements
•Expertise developing and executing a community relations strategy
•Experience in maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders
•Political savvy and comfort navigating complicated situations
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, including public speaking skills
•Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including nights and
weekends
•Constituent service oriented; patient empathetic, with a desire to help
constituents
Position Qualifications/Education
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with Orange County is preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline
Salary starts at $3,500 per month. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to
Stephanie Hu, District Director
Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-539-21

Nevada’s 4th District Democratic Member of Congress seeks a highly organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for a position in our North Las Vegas,
Nevada District office. Candidates must be comfortable working with the public,
have excellent oral and written communication skills, problem solving abilities.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Managing the front desk, greeting visitors, processing flag requests, answering
phones, conducting tours, overseeing an active mail program;
•Sorting/batching correspondence, drafting correspondence and ensuring a swift
turnaround time;
•Responding to constituent mail, keeping abreast of legislative developments, and
meeting with constituent groups;
•Assisting District Representatives as needed, and
•Perform all other duties as assigned and required

Page 19 of 21

The ideal candidate will be/must have:
•Passionate about public service and committed to democratic values;
•Strong writing, communication skills and be detail-oriented;
•Have advanced experience with spreadsheets and forms,
•A poised, confident, self-starter, and team-player with a sense of humor; and
•The ability to work in a high-paced environment.
•The ability work weekends and holidays
•Have reliable transportation, auto insurance and a clean driving record
•Currently enrolled in an ungraduated degree program at a college or university
or have a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in the related fields of human services
or social work, and a minimum of one-year relevant experience in community or
human services.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Spanish language skills and District ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates must include a cover letter, resume, one writing sample and
three professional references in a single PDF file. Email submissions to the
Director of Administration, nv04resume@mail.house.gov. Subject line must read
" MEM-NV04-DSA-2 __last name, First name".
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.

Page 20 of 21

Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 21 of 21

