House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 22, 2014
MEM-325-14

Republican Congressman seeks Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent to
manage all aspects of constituent correspondence and general day-to-day
office operations. Duties will include sorting and tracking incoming mail,
emails, and phone calls, and responding to mail using constituent management
software to ensure timely responses. In addition, the position is responsible for
front office reception duties, answering phone calls, greeting visitors, and
other constituent services, such as flag and tour requests. Successful candidates
must demonstrate strong writing ability, exceptional organization skills,
attention to detail and be able to work quickly in a fast paced
environment. Previous Capitol Hill experience is required. Proficiency in
Fireside and California ties are a plus. Please send resume, cover letter, and
two one-page writing samples to cagopjobs@gmail.com.

MEM-321-14

Texas Republican seeking to fill Legislative Correspondent
position. Candidate must be an extremely strong writer, display a high degree
of attention to detail, be familiar with digital media trends and be willing to
assist on special projects. Primary responsibilities will include processing the
incoming mail and assisting our communication team with proof reading,
Page 1 of 2

writing and updates to the website and newsletter. Hill experience and
knowledge of Fireside is preferred, but not required. If interested, please
submit a cover letter and resume to txgopjobs2@gmail.com
MEM-319-14

COUNSEL. The Republican staff of the Committee on House
Administration seeks an entry-to-mid level counsel. The counsel will assist
the senior counsel with parliamentary and legislative matters under the
Committee’s jurisdiction including election and campaign finance legislation,
contested elections, and administrative legal issues. Please email resume,
cover letter and short writing sample to chajobs@mail.house.gov and include
“Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-318-14

Legislative Assistant: Texas Democrat seeks a hard-working and experienced
legislative staffer to handle various legislative areas. A bachelor’s degree with
at least 4 years of legislative experience on the Hill is required. Potential
candidates should have excellent writing and verbal skills coupled with some
knowledge of social media. The ideal candidate will have experience working
under pressure, working as part of a team, a sense of humor and the ability to
work flexible hours. Experience with iConstituent is a plus, but not
required. Please send cover letter, resume and a writing sample
to TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-313-14

Analyst for Democratic Staff of Congressional Committee - Congressional
committee seeks experienced analyst for health policy portfolio. The job
requires strong skills in written and oral communication, policy analysis, and
quantitative analysis, as well as the ability to work effectively under tight
deadline. The ideal candidate will have several years of experience in federal
budgeting, familiarity with the legislative process, background in federal
health care policy, and a master’s degree in public policy or related
field. Email resume, two brief writing samples, and cover letter with subject
line “analyst position” to Health.Analyst@mail.house.gov – no phone calls
or walk-ins.

MEM-295-14

Legislative Correspondent- Republican Member seeks Legislative
Correspondent with strong Tennessee ties to manage all aspects of constituent
correspondence. In addition, this position works with the scheduler to
coordinate Member’s schedule in the Washington office. Other duties include:
sorting incoming letters and emails, tracking and assigning mail through
constituent management software, drafting and sending timely responses.
Successful candidates must demonstrate exceptional writing ability, attention
to detail, and organizational skills. Hill experience, familiarity with IQ ties are
a plus. Send resume and cover letter to TNHousejob@gmail.com

Page 2 of 2

