________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of April 26, 2021

MEM-132-21

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) seeks applications for a
Senior Advisor/Counsel to handle the Judiciary portfolio with an emphasis on
immigration in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include advising the Member on all legislative areas within their
portfolio, prepare and staff the Member in committee hearings and markups, draft
and advance legislation, and represent the Member in meetings with constituents
and stakeholders concerning policy matters in their portfolio.
Applicants should possess strong conservative credentials, effective writing and
research skills, strong attention to detail, and the ability to manage multiple tasks
at once. Previous Capitol Hill experience and JD preferred. To apply, please
email resume and cover letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com
To apply, please email resume and cover letter
to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with Subject: Senior
Advisor/Counsel_LastName.FirstName

MEM-128-21

Rep. Ro Khanna (CA-17) seeks a Legislative Assistant to help advance the
Congressman’s economic justice and tech policy priorities including job creation,
raising the minimum wage, and expanding tech opportunities to communities of
color, and rural, low-income, and other left-behind communities.

Page 1 of 17

*Please submit the requested information
via https://airtable.com/shro7e3dFgjyE8hA0 by May 1st at noon Eastern. Please
include no more than 150 words for each question below.*
The Legislative Assistant would manage a portfolio of economic policy, labor,
financial services including housing, taxes, small business, internet/tech privacy,
antitrust, and/or other judiciary issues that may be tailored to the candidate’s
expertise. The Legislative Assistant would also staff the member for his work on
the Oversight Committee and Government Operations Subcommittee, and serve
as his Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC) liaison for his
role as the Co-Chair of the CAPAC Economic Development Taskforce.
You could be a great fit if you:
- Are inspired to end poverty, expand wealth generation opportunities for the
working-class, and grapple with big questions like how to ensure that every
American has a voice in the tech revolution
- Love to dive deep into the details and on a daily basis distill policy wonkery
into succinct talking points that can be useful to the member for both
communications and legislative purposes
- Have experience working on at least one of the issue areas referenced above and
are excited to take on new issue areas
- Have experience working with grassroots activists and connections to
progressive groups working in these policy spaces - Have exceptional rapid
response writing and communication skills
- Have *at least* 2 years of Capitol Hill legislative experience or the equivalent-this is not an entry-level position
- Are excited about the prospect of serving a diverse district rich in many
different immigrant and diaspora communities, and the only Asian-American
majority district in the continental U.S.
Also
- Bay Area or California ties are a plus
- Due to the volume of applications we receive, we will only contact you if we
decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct emails, or
walk-ins.
The Office is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates of diverse backgrounds
are strongly encouraged to apply. The office does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, national or social origin, age, disability,
military status, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, parental status,
sexual orientation, or any other protected characteristic under applicable law, in
any of its activities or operations.
MEM-127-21

House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight &
Investigations is seeking a counsel or professional staffer to work on
environment and energy oversight for the Committee’s Majority staff. Experience

Page 2 of 17

with congressional oversight, investigations, or issues within the Committee’s
jurisdiction is a plus.
Responsibilities include staffing congressional hearings, conducting
investigations, research, document review and analysis and writing and editing.
Successful candidate will be detail oriented, possessing strong communication
and writing skills. J.D. preferred but not required, as experience within the areas
of the Committee’s environment and energy jurisdiction may be equally relevant.
Salary commensurate with skills and experience. Please send resume, cover letter,
writing sample, and at least two professional references
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-126-21

The Field Representative/Travel Aide for Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler
liaises with fellow Missourians to assist with carrying out her duties as a
government official. This individual also travels with her when she visits cities,
towns, and rural communities to meet with old and new friends.
YOU’RE GOOD AT:
•Listening to, talking with, and befriending strangers (some of whom won’t agree
with you).
•Traveling to unfamiliar places and driving safely.
•Problem solving issues completely new to you.
•Taking initiative when your boss isn’t watching.
•Occasionally working hours that fall outside the traditional workday.
•Collaborating with remote team members located hundreds of miles from you.
•Planning events and getting people to show up to said events.
•Communicating well verbally and through writing.
•Speaking in front of small groups.
•Accessing the internet and operating basic computer programs.
•Utilizing (or are open to learning how to utilize) social media.
•Learning and trying new things.
A DAY IN THE LIFE:
•Attend community meetings, network with locally elected officials, and update
the Congresswoman on issues of importance within the service area which
includes the Counties of Benton, Henry, Hickory, Johnson, Pettis, and St. Clair.
•Travel with the Congresswoman as she visits with constituents at various events.
•Serve as an advocate for constituents and a conduit between them and the
Congresswoman while she works on their behalf in Washington, DC.
•Stop by local businesses to meet with the owners and employees, learn about
their products being sold, and connect them with federal resources.
•Contact a federal or state agency to learn about how a policy issue is being
implemented.
•Assist a local nonprofit with finding federal and state resources to solve an issue.
•Provide feedback to supervisors on concerns raised by constituents on issues of
Page 3 of 17

the day.
•Handle meeting requests and serve in stead of the Congresswoman when she is
in DC.
•Spend time in the Harrisonville office taking calls, returning messages, and
filing reports.
WHAT YOU’LL NEED:
•Bachelor’s degree or equivalent professional experience.
•A current driver’s license, clean (or mostly clean) driving record, and
functioning vehicle.
•Interest, familiarity, or prior experience in the federal and/or state government.
•A passion for working with Missourians to help find solutions and resources for
them.
Interested applicants should email their resumes
to Austin.Kramer@mail.house.gov.
MEM-124-21

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT –The 58-member bipartisan Problem Solvers
Caucus (PSC) seeks a highly organized, motivated, and strategic junior legislative
assistant based in Washington, D.C., who has a passion for bipartisanship. The
staff member in this position performs legislative, research, and administrative
functions to support caucus priorities and activities.
The junior legislative assistant works closely with the executive director,
communications director, PSC co-chairs, and staff to carry out assigned duties.
This position is responsible for supporting activities of PSC working groups,
monitoring legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor,
scheduling and coordinating various meetings, drafting policy memos, and
working collaboratively with the legislative staff in PSC member offices.
This position is not entry-level; candidates need at least one year of Hill
experience and knowledge of legislative processes to be considered. A
disposition aligned with the caucus mission of breaking the gridlock in Congress
by promoting bi-partisan, bi-cameral collaboration and policies is essential.
Candidates must possess strong interpersonal communication skills,
organizational skills, and the ability to work with members and their staff under
tight deadlines. Excellent writing and analytical skills are required. This position
requires the ability to produce quality work under short timelines in a fast-paced
environment while juggling multiple assignments.
Salary range for this position is $40,000 to $45,000 plus benefits. The Problem
Solvers Caucus is an equal opportunity employer and will be taking applications
through April 30, 2021. All applicants will be considered without regard to race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation,
gender identity, disability, age, national origin, or service in the military.
Page 4 of 17

Please submit a resume and cover letter with at least two professional references
to Jaclyn.ODay@mail.house.gov, with the subject line as “PSC Legislative
Assistant Application.”
MEM-123-21

Southern Democratic Member seeks an experienced Legislative Assistant to
cover a robust portfolio with an emphasis on education and labor, judiciary, and
immigration issues. This position will support the Member’s work on the
Education and Labor Committee. Knowledge of labor and higher education
issues, including policies impacting minority serving institutions and Historically
Black Colleges and Universities, is required.
Specific duties will include developing and advancing legislation, staffing the
Member for Committee proceedings and all events within the portfolio, and
maintaining close, collaborative relationships with local, state, and national
stakeholders. Candidates should possess knowledge of the legislative process,
strong oral and written communication skills, excellent interpersonal skills, and
the ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment. This is not
an entry-level position. Preferred candidates will have prior legislative experience
and a background in education and labor policy.
Interested candidates should email a resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples to nclegislativeassistant@gmail.com.
Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with North
Carolina ties. Due to the volume of applications we receive, we will only contact
you if we decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct
emails, or walk-ins.
The interview process will be conducted on a rolling basis. Applications must be
received via email no later than 11:59PM on Friday, April 30, 2021.

MEM-122-21

District Director | Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44)
Location: San Pedro, CA – Los Angeles County
Salary Range: $100,000 – 120,000
Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a District Director to
oversee all operations of the district office. The District Director will oversee
management and operation of the District Office, serve as liaison to local
organizations and elected officials, manage a team of 5-8 in the District including
interns, and develop and implement long-term strategic plans, including but not
limited to outreach, casework, and grants programs.

Page 5 of 17

This position is responsible for recruiting, hiring, training, and managing district
staff and ensures that district staff complies with office policies, practices, and
procedures; represents the Member assigns appropriate staff to do so at events or
functions through the district as needed and will serve as the primary liaison
between the Congresswoman, constituents, and entities in the district.
The District Director will also be responsible for strategizing, developing, and
implementing constituent outreach plans, managing casework, and managing
their own fieldwork book of business. The District Director will also work with
the office’s scheduling team to implement an aggressive schedule of community
events and outreach. Further, the District Director acts as an advisor for the
Congresswoman on local issues and concerns, politics, and other developments
throughout the district, the Los Angeles metropolitan area, Southern California,
and the state.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate significant management experience
(federal, state, or local government management experience are a plus), strong
oral and written communications skills, strategic planning abilities, selfmotivation, and outreach experience to local and state organizations. An ability to
work collaboratively with district office staff as well as D.C.-based legislative
and communications staff is required.
Excellent oral and written communication skills are critical to the success of the
candidate, as well as knowledge of the local, county, and statewide processes.
The ideal candidate is energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, politically
astute, and willing to work including evenings and weekends as needed in a fastpaced and results-oriented setting.
The position requires the ability to multi-task, work well under pressure and the
flexibility to work long hours, including nights and weekends.
Candidates from diverse backgrounds encouraged to apply.
Spanish fluency and Los Angeles ties are a plus.
Candidates should send a cover letter, resume, appropriate writing samples, and
three references with “CA44 District Director” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-119-21

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure office.

Page 6 of 17

The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for reviewing
financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume of financial
disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress and their staff
through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before
the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable:
government ethics, ethics counseling, accounting, auditing, investment
management, taxation, corporate finance, and securities law. Salary
commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “FD Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-118-21

Advice and Education Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Office of Advice and
Education. The Committee’s Advice and Education counsels are responsible for
providing a high volume of ethics advice, education, and training to Members of
Congress and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and
written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication skills, as well
as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before
the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable:
government ethics; ethics counseling and training; and criminal law. Salary
commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “A&E Counsel” in the
subject line.

MEM-117-21

COMMITTEE SEEKS DIGITAL PRESS SECRETARY – The Democratic
Staff of the House Committee on Budget is seeking an experienced and motivated
Digital Press Secretary to join the communications team. The individual selected
will have strong writing skills and the ability to simplify complex issues to
convey the Committee’s objectives and achievements across platforms and
medias. This position is based in Washington, D.C. and will work closely with
the Communications Director and Digital Director.

Page 7 of 17

Responsibilities include writing press releases, media advisories, and newsletters,
crafting content for social media channels, developing graphics and videos,
assisting with media monitoring and pitching press, overseeing clips collection
and distribution, and working with the Communications team to identify new
ways to engage with press and digital audiences. The position may require work
outside standard office hours.
Successful candidates will have at least 1 to 2 years of communications and
digital experience. The salary for this position is commensurate with experience.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
The ideal candidate is an excellent writer, works well in a team, has a positive
attitude and a keen attention to detail, and can meet tight deadlines under
pressure. Proficiency in Adobe programs (Photoshop, Illustrator, LightRoom,
Premiere Pro, Audition, and After Effects), CMS, CSS, HTML, and analytics is a
plus.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter describing their fit for the role,
a resume, a writing sample, and two multimedia design samples to BudgetDemocrat.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Digital Press Secretary” in the subject
line. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-116-21

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Legislative Assistant to join her
team in Washington, DC. Ideal candidates will have prior Hill experience;
excellent written and verbal communication skills; strong organizational and time
management skills; a positive attitude; solid knowledge of the legislative process;
and an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in an fast-paced work
environment. Experience with Intranet Quorum (IQ) is preferred. Duties include:
*Formulating legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas;
*Tracking legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas and briefing
the Congresswoman for floor work, committee work, work in the district, and
outside House-related activities;
*Monitoring legislative developments within relevant committees;
*Planning and coordinating cosponsorship and support of legislation;
*Writing floor speeches for the Congresswoman;
*Acting as liaison with committee and agency staffs;
*Performing special projects assigned by the Congresswoman or Chief of Staff;
*Meeting with constituents and interest groups;
*Assisting with the preparation of weekly reports for the Congresswoman and
*Staff on legislative activities in assigned issue areas; and
*Performing other duties as assigned.
Connecticut ties are a plus, but not required. Women and minority candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply. Interested parties should e-mail a concise cover
letter including salary requirements, resume and two writing samples in a single
Page 8 of 17

PDF to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: First Name
Last Name - Legislative Assistant. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-115-21

The District office of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez seeks an attentive,
community focused, self-starter to serve as a Caseworker based in Norwalk, CA.
Summary: This position primarily entails constituent casework. Other
responsibilities include answering phones, greeting constituents and visitors,
writing correspondence, and assisting the District Office staff with additional
tasks.
Position Description
Caseworker: Casework responsibilities involve assisting constituents of the 38th
Congressional District resolve problems with federal agencies or find the
appropriate state or local contact for non-federal issues. The candidate should be
persistent and detail-orientated, and put a priority on facilitating resolutions and
expediting priority requests. Knowledge of federal and California state
government agencies and experience in customer service will be highly regarded.
Minimum Qualifications/Education Required
*Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited four-year college or university.
*Thorough understanding or experience with government agencies (county, state,
and federal), community and grassroots organizing.
*Strong written, communication, analytical, and organizational skills; an ability
to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer
service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
*Skilled in Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
*Able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be able to meet
strict deadlines, balance multiple projects simultaneously, and work under
pressure.
*Positive attitude, commitment to excellence, upbeat demeanor, flexibility, and
sense of humor.
*Enjoy working with the public and constituents.
Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant. Employees will receive
health care insurance, 401(k)-style retirement benefits, and other federal
employee benefits.
To Apply
Interested applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and
references by email to: CA38Jobs@mail.house.gov. Please indicate the title of
the position in the subject line.
The Office of the Honorable Linda Sánchez is an equal opportunity employer. All
applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), military status, disability, or
Page 9 of 17

age. Pursuant to current appropriations law, to be employed by a House office in
a paid position in the continental United States an individual must: (a) be a U.S.
citizen; (b) be lawfully admitted for permanent residence and seeking citizenship
as outlined in 8 U.S.C. § 1324b(a)(3)(B); (c) be admitted as a refugee under 8
U.S.C. § 1157 or granted asylum under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, and have filed a
declaration of intention to become a lawful permanent resident and then a citizen
when eligible; or
(d) owe allegiance to the U.S. (i.e., qualify as a non-citizen U.S. national under
federal law). Employment is at-will.
MEM-113-21

Texas conservative Republican member seeks a scheduler for DC office. This
position is responsible for organizing, tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
scheduling requests as well as managing all aspects of the member’s schedule.
Relevant experience includes processing and managing scheduling requests,
arranging travel, and keeping an organized calendar.
Scheduler will work closely with the member, chief of staff, and district director
in strategically planning the member’s schedule to advance office priorities.
Applicants must have attention to detail, ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, strong organizational skills, and ability to work collaboratively with
a team.
Hill experience and Texas ties preferred; prior relevant experience required.
Salary commensurate with experience. Please email cover letter, resume, and 2
professional references as a single PDF with the file name, “Last name.First
name” to txgopofficejobs21@gmail.com

MEM-111-21

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
scheduler. Individual should be highly organized, detail-oriented and able to
multi-task and work in a very fast-paced office.
Main responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules for both DC and the District, processing all incoming invitations and
meeting requests, coordinating travel arrangements, and communicating with
constituents by phone and email to address requests, concerns, and questions.
Additional Responsibilities may also include some administrative tasks including
processing and managing expenses and reimbursements.
Candidates should be resourceful, team-oriented, and have a positive attitude.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Applicants should have previous scheduling
experience (at least one year in a similar position). Salary is commensurate with
experience.
A car and good driving record are helpful in the event we need a back-up driver
for the Member.
Page 10 of 17

Southern California ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-108-21

Counsel - House Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commercial, and
Administrative Law
The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commercial, and
Administrative Law seeks a hard-working lawyer with significant legal
experience to serve as counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Subcommittee on matters of law and policy; drafting legislation; coordinating
hearings and witnesses; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and
providing guidance to offices both on and off the Subcommittee on matters of
antitrust law.
A strong background in antitrust is required. Exceptional writing skills, sound
political judgment, and the ability to work closely and collaboratively with other
congressional offices and advocacy organizations are also strongly preferred.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Antitrust Counsel” in the subject
line.

MEM-104-21

SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT/COUNSEL – Rep. Karen Bass (CA37) seeks a hardworking lawyer with legal, policy, and Hill experience to serve as
a Senior Legislative Assistant/Counsel, with the primary portfolio focusing on the
Member’s Judiciary Committee work.
Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the Member in committee
hearings and markups; drafting talking points and speeches; and researching,
drafting, and introducing legislation. All candidates should be a team player and
Page 11 of 17

possess excellent writing and communication skills, ability to work
independently, and a thorough understanding of the legislative process.
Strong candidates will have good relationships on the Hill with Democrats and
Republicans, the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment, and a
track record of turning ideas into legislation and preferably legislation into law.
This is not an entry-level position.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and two short (1-2
page) writing samples to CA37.HR@mail.house.gov with “Senior Legislative
Assistant” in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, sexual
orientation, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. No phone calls
or drop-ins, please.
MEM-103-21

Congressman Steve Cohen (TN-09) seeks a Scheduler for his DC office. This
individual is responsible for organizing, tracking, evaluating, and responding to
all DC and legislative scheduling requests, making travel arrangements, and
managing all aspects of the member’s daily and long-term DC schedule.
In addition to these duties, the Scheduler will be involved in various
administrative tasks including tracking leave requests, House training
compliance, member and staff reimbursements, parking coordination, and other
duties as assigned. The ideal candidate will, in a fast-paced environment, have
exceptional attention to detail and problem-solving skills, the ability to remain
flexible to last-minute changes and demands, and a strong work ethic.
Interested applicants should email a resume, writing sample, and cover letter
to Cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Scheduler: Last name.”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Applicants with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate
effectively in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes. Requests for accommodation
should be directed to Cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov.

Page 12 of 17

MEM-102-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
motivated, creative, and organized Digital Manager.
The Digital Manager will be responsible for developing, implementing, and
executing a digital strategy to effectively communicate with the public and grow
the Committee’s online presence. Daily responsibilities will include developing
creative content, managing the Committee’s website, and coordinating digital
media strategy with Member offices and stakeholder groups.
The ideal candidate will be resourceful and proactive, have strong graphic design
and video editing skills, and a working knowledge of the legislative process and
Hill press operations. Candidates should have at least three years of experience
working in digital communications. Congressional or campaign experience
preferred but not required.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, 2 work samples, and 3
professional references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Digital Manager" in
the subject line. Salary commensurate with education and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.

MEM-101-21

Southern California Democrat is seeking a bilingual, high energy, highlyorganized, and detail- oriented Field Representative/Caseworker for San Diego
County District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Serve as an official representative for the Member throughout communities in
the District.
•Act as liaison to federal, district, and local government agencies and elected
officials.
•Establish and maintain effective relationships with community members and
organizations.
•Monitor local issues of importance and keep the District Director updated.
•Provide logistical support and staff the Member at district meetings and events.
•Assess local and casework-related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director and Chief of
Staff.
•Respond to casework correspondence and inquiries from constituents.
•Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• A candidate with an understanding of federal issues.
• Veterans, women, and minorities encouraged to apply.
Page 13 of 17

• Ability to work non-traditional hours, including nights and weekends.
• Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills.
• Ability to work with staff at all levels, work well under pressure and be detailoriented.
• Possess an understanding of the federal legislative process.
• Ability to quickly learn about key issues and events in the district for which the
Member is involved.
• A qualified applicant must possess a valid California driver’s license with the
ability to travel as needed.
Applicants bilingual in Spanish and/or Tagalog preferred. To apply, please email
a resume and cover letter to cajobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-099-21

Chairman Khanna seeks Professional Staff Member
Chairman Ro Khanna seeks an exceptional, self-motivated candidate to staff Mr.
Khanna on the Committee on Oversight and Reform, Subcommittee on the
Environment.
The jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes: global climate change;
environmental protection, public lands, endangered species, air and water quality;
oceans; public health; conservation; international agreements; energy policy,
research and development; and oversight and legislative jurisdiction over
regulatory affairs and federal paperwork reduction.
The Oversight and Reform Committee is the principal oversight committee in the
House of Representatives.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
•designing and preparing congressional hearings;
•working with multiple stakeholders to design legislative solutions to address
complex national policy concerns;
•conducting legal and factual research;
•writing memoranda, statements, questions and speeches;
•ensuring subcommittee priorities are reflected in appropriations and
authorization bills;
•and leading oversight initiatives.
The Chairman is particularly interested in candidates with a commitment to and
an interest in engaging:
*Clean technology jobs of the future, regenerative agriculture, toxic substances,
and other sustainable energy and environment issues;
*Environmental justice and the disproportionate effects of pollution on
vulnerable communities;
*Experience working with environmental federal agencies;
*Congressional procedure, investigations, and legislation; and
*Progressive policy solutions to combat the climate crisis.
Page 14 of 17

The right candidate will serve as a critical part of a close-knit team. This person
will keep Chairman Khanna and the Staff Director fully informed of and staff all
Environment Subcommittee events and activities and be an integral member of
the subcommittee staff.
Qualifications: Applicants should have (i) an interest in public service and (ii)
expertise in the areas described above (iii) the ability to work closely with a team
and remain entrepreneurial. They also must have superior attention to detail,
work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills. Applicants will be working from home in the shortterm. Once the team returns to work in the office, the candidate should be willing
to be in the office full time and be able to attend work duties on some evenings
and weekends.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Women, minorities, veterans and
LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Please submit cover letter, resume and writing sample
to reprokhannaca17@gmail.com with the subject line as “Environment
Subcommittee Professional Staff Member.”
MEM-094-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Director of Labor Oversight to manage oversight and investigations on the
Labor team.
Responsibilities include organizing oversight hearings, writing investigative
reports and executing a complementary legislative and oversight strategy with
positive results. Qualified applicants must have a J.D. and relevant policy
experience with at least 3-5 years of experience conducting investigations.
Experience in labor policy is not a requirement, however preferred. In addition,
the applicant must have exceptional writing skills, strong attention to detail,
ability to juggle multiple projects, and have direct management experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, a writing sample (5-10 pages), a
writing sample describing an investigation the applicant would like to pursue, and
3 professional references. The second writing sample must include a hyperlink to
a current news item from any source (newspapers, blogs, or other websites) and
two paragraphs detailing why the Committee should investigate the issue
presented and the steps the applicant would take to begin an investigation.
Page 15 of 17

Please submit all materials to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Director of Labor
Oversight” in the subject line. The salary range is $95K - $115K, commensurate
with education and experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged
to apply.
MEM-093-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
proactive, hard-working individual to serve as Press Assistant.
Candidates must have exceptional writing skills, strong attention to detail, and the
ability to work effectively in a team environment. Responsibilities include but are
not limited to: drafting press releases and remarks, coordinating press activities
with Committee offices, managing the Committee website, compiling and
distributing press clips, tracking press and social media analytics, and supporting
a wide range of other communications work.
The ideal candidate will have 1-2 years of relevant communications experience.
To apply, applicants must submit a resume, cover letter, brief work samples, and
3 professional references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with "Press Assistant" in
the subject line.
Salary commensurate with education and experience. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or sexual
orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to
apply.

MEM-090-21

Congresswoman Linda T. Sánchez, a Senior Member of the Committee on Ways
and Means, seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle the Congresswoman’s work
on the Social Security Subcommittee, as well as a diverse portfolio including
Defense, Foreign Affairs, Housing, and other legislative issues. The Legislative
Assistant will be responsible for developing legislative initiatives, meeting with
constituents and interested groups on behalf of the Congresswoman, and staffing
the Congresswoman for committee hearings and markups.
Qualified candidates should have at least 3 years of Hill experience and possess a
strong understanding of the issues listed. Applicants must demonstrate an ability
to work well with a team in a small, fast-paced environment, while maintaining a
sense of humor. The Congresswoman strongly values diversity and encourages
candidates of all backgrounds to apply.

Page 16 of 17

Please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to CAdemofficejob@gmail.com.

Page 17 of 17

