House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 1, 2015
MEM-139-15

Florida Democrat is seeking a highly motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic
individual with excellent oral and written communications skills for a Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent dual role in the Washington, DC
office.
Daily tasks include answering calls, conducting and organizing tours,
processing flag requests, greeting visitors, supervising and coordinating the
intern program, and aiding the office in various administrative duties.
Additionally, the individual would be expected to manage the constituent mail
program which includes monitoring the flow of incoming and outgoing mail,
responding to mail and e-mail in both form and individual responses, working
with Legislative Director and legislative team to develop a proactive
constituent communications operation, and ensure casework requests for
assistance are directed to the appropriate district staff member in a timely
manner.
Excellent writing, verbal and strong organizational skills are essential along
Page 1 of 7

with the ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment.
Ties to South Florida along with Capitol Hill experience are a plus. A sense
of humor is greatly appreciated.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, a list of three work
references, and two writing samples to FL23resumes@gmail.com with “Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent” in the subject line. Job opening closes
on June 8th. No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender
identity, or expression, or sexual orientation.
MEM-138-15

Midwestern Democrat seeks a Legislative Director to coordinate, manage
and implement an active Member’s legislative agenda, oversee and direct an
engaged legislative staff, as well as handle a portfolio of legislative issues
including transportation. Candidates should possess an in-depth
understanding of the legislative process, be able to move several legislative
pieces forward at the same time, have management experience, be proactive
and a self-starter who thinks creatively and thrives in a fast-paced
environment and display good judgment. Excellent writing, verbal, and
organizational skills are essential, as is the ability to work well under
pressure. A proven track record of successful legislative achievements with a
minimum of three years’ previous Legislative Assistant experience required.
To apply, please email resume and cover letter by c.o.b. June 19th describing
your role in two to three legislative achievements to: hire@mail.house.gov.

MEM-137-15

Congressman John Delaney seeks Legislative Assistant to cover Veterans,
Defense, Agriculture, Immigration, and other issues. Prior Hill experience
preferred. Veterans are encouraged to apply. Please send your resume to
MDLAjob@mail.house.gov.

MEM-136-15

The House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs Chairman Jeff Miller seeks a
Research Assistant to provide administrative support to the Subcommittee on
Health. Core responsibilities include answering phones; reviewing and
preparing correspondence; maintaining Subcommittee files; assisting with
scheduling, planning, and preparing for Subcommittee hearings, markups,
roundtables, and other events; tracking pending legislation; and, providing
research support on a wide variety of veteran, health, and other policy issues.
Prior Hill experience is encouraged but not required and veterans are
particularly encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should email a resume
and writing sample to var.resumes@mail.house.gov with a subject line:
“Health Research Assistant.” No phone or office calls, please.

Page 2 of 7

MEM-135-15

The office of Congresswoman Tammy Duckworth seeks a Legislative
Director. Responsibilities will include overseeing and implementing the
Congresswoman’s policy agenda; developing and advancing policy proposals;
managing legislative staff; representing the Congresswoman in meetings and
communication with various external stakeholders; coordinating with the press
team and District Office on messaging and events; and coordinating Floor and
Committee activity. The ideal candidate will have demonstrated success in
advancing policy goals and at least 3 years of experience as a Legislative
Assistant or Legislative Director, including handling some Committee work.
A thorough understanding of House floor and committee procedure is
required. Strong oral and written communications skills, good judgement and
the ability to be proactive, resourceful, and thrive in a fast-paced environment
are essential. Veterans, minorities, women, and those with Illinois ties are
encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume,
and writing sample to IllinoisHouseDemLD@gmail.com. No phone calls or
drop-ins please.

MEM-133-15

New England Democrat seeks a Legislative Director to coordinate and
manage the Member’s legislative agenda, as well as oversee an active and
engaged legislative staff. Candidates should possess an in-depth
understanding of the legislative process, have management experience, be a
self-starter willing to think and act creatively, and thrive in a team-oriented
environment. Excellent writing, verbal, and organizational skills are essential,
as is the ability to work well under pressure. Previous Hill experience
required, and New England ties are a plus. To apply, please email resume,
cover letter, and two brief writing samples to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-132-15

House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs Chairman Jeff Miller seeks a seasoned
communications professional to oversee the implementation of the
committee’s communications strategy. This is a senior staff position reporting
directly to the Staff Director. Successful candidates will have a record of
accomplishment with internal and external communications, press relations
and social media. Prior Capitol Hill experience is a plus. Qualified candidates
should email a resume and three writing samples to
var.resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: Communications Director.
No phone or office calls, please.

MEM-130-15

Northern California Democrat seeks a hard-working Press Secretary to help
drive a dynamic, entrepreneurial communications operation. Responsibilities
will include writing and editing press releases, op-eds, talking points, enewsletters, and franked communications; developing content for and
managing website and social media; coordinating telephone town halls;
directing interns on communications projects; and pitching stories to the
press. Candidates must be able to develop a fine-tuned sensitivity to the
priorities and views of the district and find ways to advance the Member’s
short-term and long-term legislative goals.
Page 3 of 7

Potential candidates must have excellent writing skills and demonstrated
abilities in digital media and communication. We’re looking for a problem
solver who can work quickly and calmly under pressure, with significant
political experience and at least an above-average sense of humor. California
ties, Spanish fluency, and familiarity with water, agriculture, military, and
transportation policy will each be considered a plus. Please send cover letter,
resume and a writing sample to CaliforniaCongressionalStaff@gmail.com.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-125-15

Democratic member is seeking a staff assistant to manage the front office,
supervise interns, assist with legislative tasks, and greet visitors. Qualified
candidates will have excellent attention to detail, possess strong writing skills,
excel at balancing competing demands, be able to anticipate and quickly solve
problems in a fast-paced work environment, and be comfortable and
welcoming with a wide variety of stakeholders. The ideal candidate will have a
car and clean driving record, Capitol Hill experience, and a basic familiarity
with the legislative process. Depending on previous work history, the
opportunity for additional legislative responsibilities exists. Those with
Northern California ties are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested applicants
should send a cover letter, resume, and brief writing sample to
jo.th@mail.house.gov. Please no calls or drop-ins.

MEM-124-15

Florida Democrat (Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz) seeks a high energy,
highly organized, and detail oriented District Outreach Coordinator to work
in the District Office. Excellent written and oral communication skills and the
desire to work collaboratively with a team in a fast-paced environment are
required.
Ideal candidate would be politically astute and possess the ability to respond to
challenging situations quickly and strategically. This position requires nontraditional hours and travel around the District.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• attend local meetings on behalf of the Congresswoman in the district;
• organize district events and meetings with key constituency groups;
• monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
issues;
• answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents; and
• handle all White House and Capitol tour requests.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• strong academic credentials;
• strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills and oral communication
skills;
Page 4 of 7

• knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved;
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
• availability to work long hours;
• ability to work well under pressure; and
• ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
DUTIES:
• acts as the grass roots representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility;
• including answering casework correspondence, verbal communications with
constituents, and acting as liaison with federal, district, and local agencies;
• informs the Member and the District Director of all happenings in his or her
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
• handles all constituent tour requests for the White House and Capitol tours;
• acts as liaison and interfaces with city, county, district, and federal officials,
the chamber of commerce and other persons or groups to form effective
relationships for the Member;
• assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Chief of Staff/Administrative
Assistant;
• screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
• trains and supervises Staff Assistants, including Interns, to handle Office
matters such as logging incoming and outgoing correspondence, handling
visitors, telephone calls, and computer operations;
• logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating
to casework; and
• prepares monthly reports for the District Director on pending cases and
district activities in his or her assigned issue areas
• performs other duties as assigned.
TO APPLY PLEASE SEND A COVER LETTER AND RESUME TO:
FL23resume@mail.house.gov
MEM-123-15

Ranking Member seeks a Press Secretary or Communications Director to
manage committee, legislative and local press priorities. The applicant must be
a hard worker who possesses excellent written, verbal and interpersonal skills.
The ideal candidate has Hill and political experience. Qualified applicants
should send a cover letter and resume to employ@mail.house.gov.

MEM-117-15

West Coast Democrat seeks an innovative and self-directed Press Aide/Press
Secretary to work in his Washington, DC office.

Page 5 of 7

Duties of the position include but are not limited to:
• Coordinating and managing all district and national communications
operations.
• Developing and executing a proactive press strategy.
• Drafting written materials including press releases, op-eds, and talking
points.
• Planning and coordinating press conferences and other media events.
• Pitching and booking interviews with local and national media outlets.
• Overseeing all social media platforms and website content.
• Building and maintaining excellent relationships with members of the district
and national media and acting as a spokesperson for the Member.
Qualifications and Skills for the position:
• Exceptional oral and written communication skills, as well as excellent
interpersonal skills.
• Excellent writing skills with a strong attention to detail.
• The ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
• Applicants should have superior organizational abilities.
• A successful candidate will be discreet, goal oriented, and driven.
• Applicants should have prior relevant press experience and demonstrated
social media expertise.
• A sense of humor and the ability to work well as an individual and as a
member of a team.
• Spanish fluency is required.
• An ideal candidate will have an undergraduate or graduate degree in
communications or journalism and/or relevant professional experience.
If interested, please email a resume, cover letter, references, and salary history
to CAJobs@mail.house.gov with “Press Aide/Press Secretary” in the subject
line. Salary will be commensurate with experience. This is not an entry level
position.
MEM-098-15

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a
health care professional with expert knowledge of drug interactions,
pathology, and general issues regarding quality of care to serve as a
Committee Investigator. Clinical experience and/or healthcare-related
investigatory background preferred. Veterans with requisite experience
strongly encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send their cover
letter, resume, references and writing samples to
VAR.Resumes@Mail.house.gov with “Health Care Investigator” in the subject
line. No walk-ins please.

MEM-097-15

The Majority staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is seeking a
federal contracting professional with expert knowledge of federal statutes and
regulations pertaining to acquisitions and procurement to serve as a
Committee Investigator. At least 5 years of federal government acquisitions
Page 6 of 7

and procurement experience preferred, as is experience with facility
construction contracts. Veterans with requisite experience are strongly
encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should send their cover letter,
resume, references and writing samples to VAR.Resumes@Mail.house.gov
with “Contract Investigator” in the subject line. No walk-ins please.

Page 7 of 7

