House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 19, 2018

MEM-430-18

A Southern Democrat seeks a Communications Director to manage an
active communications operation. Successful candidates will have superb
written and verbal communication skills, be comfortable multi-tasking, have
excellent attention to detail, and work well under pressure. Primary
responsibilities include (but not limited to) managing press releases, speeches,
op-eds, and letters to the editor, and other written material for the Member,
managing an active social media presence, managing e-newsletters, and
graphic design. The Communications Director will work closely with the
Press Assistant and other press team members to finalize
press/communication products and strategy. The Communications Director
will staff the member during press events, media interviews, and other events
as needed. Candidates must be available nights and weekends as situations
require. This is not an entry-level position, experience is required. The office
is an equal opportunity employer and diverse candidates are encouraged to
apply at nchousejobs@gmail.com.

Page 1 of 6

MEM-429-18

Republican US House Office looking for a Staff Assistant.
Staff Assistant or Hill Intern Experience recommended but not required.
Send Resume to hilljobemail@gmail.com for further information

MEM-428-18

The House Committee on Small Business (Democratic staff) seeks a staffer
to work on issues related to Small Business Administration Entrepreneurial
Development programs. Expertise with SBA programs, including Small
Business Development Centers, SCORE, Women’s Business Centers, and
Veteran’s Business Outreach Centers, is required. Candidate must be an
outstanding writer, have a demonstrated capacity to generate new ideas, and
the proven ability to analyze legislation. The ideal candidate will have strong
communication, writing, and research skills. A graduate degree is strongly
preferred. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages
candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and
resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-422-18

Senior Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior Legislative
Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the Financial
Services Committee and other issues. Candidates should have substantial
experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional
experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral
communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced
environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply, please e-mail a
cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
financeservicesla@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-419-18

Democratic Committee staff seek energetic and entrepreneurial professional
to join an active communications office. Duties include but are not limited to:
drafting press materials including releases and op-eds; cultivating
relationships with the national and trade media; coordinating press
conferences and media events; and working with legislative staff to
communicate the committee’s policy priorities to local and national
audiences. Ideal candidate will have experience working in communications,
including working on Capitol Hill, or in government or a campaign
environment. Strong writing skills essential. Title and salary commensurate
with experience. Position reports directly to office’s Communications
Director and consults regularly with Committee’s Deputy Staff Director. The
office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter, resume and brief
writing sample to pressjob1923@gmail.com.
Page 2 of 6

MEM-418-18

Republican Congressman seeks a Staff Assistant to manage day-to-day office
operations, process flag and tour requests, and act as primary front office
staff. Duties will include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, and
ordering office supplies. Successful candidates must be professional and
friendly, demonstrate ability to quickly address and solve problems, have
strong writing skills, possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to
detail, and be able to work quickly in a fast-paced environment. Please send
resume and cover letter to NE.01@mail.house.gov. No walk ins or phone
calls.

MEM-411-18

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Ranking Member
Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of investigative or
litigation experience. Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed
interviews, briefings, and congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse
backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates
must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be selfmotivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-410-18

Congressman Roger Marshall, M.D. (KS-01) seeks an experienced, resultsoriented Health Policy Advisor to work on health policy. This is not an entry
level position. Expertise in health care pricing, transparency, and insurance
markets preferred. Responsibilities include staffing congressional hearings,
work with health-related federal agencies, conducting policy research,
drafting health care legislation, and coalition building. Successful candidate
will be detail-oriented, possess strong strategic thinking skills and have the
ability to identify and prioritize opportunities to influence health care policy.
Minimum of four years professional experience in health policy required.
Please send resume, cover letter, and at least two professional references. Use
subject in email “Health Policy Advisor” to Dalton.henry@mail.house.gov.

MEM-405-18

House Small Business Committee Democrats seek an Economic Policy
Staffer to manage a broad policy portfolio including, tax, health, retirement,
and other economic issues. Core responsibilities include developing and
advancing legislation, planning events on key policy priorities, coordinating
hearings, staffing Member, and drafting reports. Exceptional writing and
analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill, federal agency, private sector or policy
think tank experience is preferred. An advanced degree is a plus. The office is
Page 3 of 6

an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.
MEM-404-18

The House Small Business Committee (Democratic staff) seeks a staffer to
work on issues related to small business technology, telecommunications, and
trade policy. Candidate must be an outstanding writer, have a demonstrated
capacity to generate new ideas, and the proven ability to analyze legislation.
This is not an entry level position. A graduate degree is strongly preferred.
Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill, federal agency,
private sector or policy think tank experience is preferred. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-403-18

House Small Business Committee (Democratic Staff) is looking for a
proactive, experienced oversight and regulatory counsel. Responsibilities
include planning and conducting congressional oversight and advising in
policy matters related to oversight of issues within the committee’s
jurisdiction. Additional duties include reviewing and monitoring regulatory
issues across the federal government as it pertains to small businesses and
drafting comments and official correspondence as necessary. Candidates must
possess relevant legal experience, excellent research and writing skills, and
strong analytical and communication skills. Must also be a team player and
able to work well under pressure and with quick deadlines. Experience with
congressional oversight and regulations preferred; Hill experience is a plus.
J.D. is required; please no recent graduates. This is not an entry level position.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

MEM-402-18

The House Committee on Small Business (Democratic staff) seeks a Policy
Director to assist in the daily operations and management of policy staff and
assist in coordinating committee activities, such as hearings and roundtables.
This position involves day-to-day management responsibilities and requires
significant management experience. Candidate must be an outstanding writer,
have a demonstrated capacity to generate new ideas, the proven ability to
work under pressure and tight deadlines, and sound judgment necessary to
evaluate matters that arise before the committee. Only candidates with
experience and a comprehensive knowledge in the substantive policy areas
within the Committee’s jurisdiction will be considered. This is not an entry
level position. Previous hill experience is required and an advanced degree is
a plus. The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates
Page 4 of 6

from diverse backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.
MEM-394-18

Republican Congressman seeks Staff Assistant to manage day-to-day office
operations, process flag and tour requests, and act as primary front office
staff. Duties will include answering phone calls, greeting visitors, overseeing
internship program, and ordering office supplies. Successful candidates must
be professional and friendly, demonstrate ability to quickly address and solve
problems, possess exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail, and
be able to work quickly in a fast-paced environment. Please send resume and
cover letter to gopwesternjob@gmail.com. No walk ins or phone calls.

Page 5 of 6

Page 6 of 6

