House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of August 1, 2016

MEM-239-16

The Office of General Counsel (“OGC”), which provides legal advice and
representation to Members, committees, officers, and employees of the House
on matters related to their official duties without regard to political affiliation,
seeks a motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individual with excellent
administrative skills to serve as office administrator. Candidates should
demonstrate strong interpersonal skills, be comfortable with managing
multiple tasks, and have a strong work ethic. Email cover letter and resume to
OGC.Employment@mail.house.gov.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
• answer incoming calls and distribute requests for advice among office
attorneys
• assist with personnel/human relations matters and ensure that office policies
and procedures are followed
• maintain office finance and payroll accounts in accordance with applicable
House regulations and office policies
• assist with annual budgeting process
Page 1 of 6

• procure and maintain software, equipment, office supplies, and library for
the office
• serve as point of contact for IT-related issues for the office, perform ITrelated tasks, and coordinate with HIR and outside computer vendors as
needed
• perform general administrative tasks as needed
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
• bachelor’s degree or equivalent
• at least three years of office management experience
• at least two years of experience working in a congressional office
• strong administrative and organizational skills
• ability to manage multiple tasks and projects and to work well under
pressure
• familiarity with House Rules, policies, and procedures relating to use of
appropriated funds, purchasing, budgeting, payroll, personnel, and
management of IT resources
• thoroughness and careful attention to detail
MEM-238-16

Active Texas Democrat seeking enthusiastic, well-organized Legislative
Assistant in a fast-paced team-oriented office. Portfolio includes but is not
limited to: energy, transportation, veterans affairs and armed services.
Applicant must be able to multi-task, have strong work ethic and the ability to
work flexible hours. Ideal candidate should have at least 2-3 years of Hill
legislative experience. This is NOT an entry-level position. Individual
interested in this position must have strong written and oral communication
skills and the ability to work under pressure to meet deadlines. Willingness to
also serve as driver to Member a major plus. Please e-mail resume and cover
letter to TXLegislativeAssistant@Mail.House.Gov. NO PHONE CALLS OR
DROP-BYS PLEASE.

MEM-234-16

A Maryland Democrat is seeking a high energy, highly-organized, and detail
oriented Field Representative for his District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Serve as the official representative for the Member in the local community.
• Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships
for the Member.
• Monitor and update the Member and District Directors on district and local
issues of importance.
• Staff and provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and
events for the Member.
• Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Directors and Chief
of Staff.
Page 2 of 6

• Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
• Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
• Train and supervise a staff of Interns to handle routine office matters, such
as incoming correspondence, visitors, telephone calls, and other issues that
may arise.
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
• Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
• Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
• Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Thorough knowledge of legislative process.
• Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
• A working knowledge of the VA and military issues is a plus, but not
required.
• Maryland ties are a plus.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until the position is filled. To
apply, please email a resume and cover letter to MD06.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or walk-ins please
MEM-217-16

Congresswoman Gabbard is seeking a dynamic, passionate Military
Legislative Assistant to support her work on the House Armed Services
Committee.
The MLA will be the primary staffer for the Members’ work on House Armed
Services Committee, working closely under the guidance of the Legislative
Director. He or she will also manage the Congresswoman’s Asia-Pacific
policy work on the Foreign Affairs Committee. This position’s portfolio
focuses primarily on Asia-Pacific policy and defense-related issues, but also
includes Veterans Affairs and Homeland Security. Responsibilities include
preparing and staffing the Member for committee hearings, development of
Member requests for the National Defense Authorization Act, working
closely with the Legislative Director on NDAA strategy, researching and
advising the Member on bills and other issues, and representing the Member
in meetings and events.
We are seeking someone to join our fun, team-oriented, hard-working office.
The successful candidate will possess a can-do attitude and will be solutions
Page 3 of 6

oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter and will
possess the capacity to produce high quality work on short deadlines. He or
she will have strong writing skills and a demonstrated ability to communicate
effectively with colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work environment.
Ideal candidates should have experience working on Asia-Pacific issues
and/or defense-related issues in a policy context, Hill experience, or both.
Hawaii ties and an active security clearance are a plus. To submit your
application, please email a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples
with the subject line “military legislative assistant” tohi02jobs@gmail.com.
Please no calls or walk-ins.
MEM-216-16

Congresswoman Gabbard is seeking a dynamic, passionate Senior
Legislative Assistant with experience working on the Hill to support her
domestic policy agenda.
This position opening is for a Senior Legislative Assistant, who will work
closely with the Legislative Director as a senior member of the legislative
team. The staffer’s legislative work will focus on helping the Member build
upon and expand her work on domestic policy issues. The portfolio includes
financial services, jobs, healthcare, small business, Social Security, Medicare
and Medicaid, and education. Responsibilities include developing and
advancing legislation and other policy priorities of the Member, researching
and advising the Member on bills and other issues, and representing the
Member in meetings and events.
We are seeking someone to join our fun, team-oriented, hard-working office.
The successful candidate will possess a can-do attitude and will be solutions
oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter and will
possess the capacity to produce high quality work on short deadlines. He or
she will have strong writing skills, and the ability to communicate effectively
with colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work environment. Ideal
candidates should have three to four years of Hill experience and time
working on the issues in the portfolio. This is not an entry-level position.
Hawaii ties are a plus. To submit your application, please email a resume,
cover letter, and two short writing samples with the subject line “senior
legislative assistant” to hi02jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or walk-ins.

MEM-212-16

Senior Democratic Member seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic
individual with excellent oral and written communication skills to serve as a
staff assistant. Candidates should demonstrate strong interpersonal skills, be
comfortable with managing multiple tasks, and have a strong work ethic.
Responsibilities include managing the front office, answering and screening
telephone calls, greeting visitors, coordinating tour requests for visiting
constituents, managing flag requests, supervising and coordinating the intern
program, and assisting staff. Capitol Hill experience preferred. Email cover
letter and resume to job_09@live.com.
Page 4 of 6

MEM-209-16

New England Democrat seeks communications director. Communications
Director is responsible for managing all aspects of very active, fast-paced
press operation. Duties include but are not limited to: crafting overall message
strategy; planning and executing local and national press events; drafting and
distributing press releases, advisories, and statements; engaging in outreach to
and maintaining relationships with local and national media; managing social
media pages; preparing speeches and written remarks; drafting internal
communications documents for Member and staff. Candidates must
demonstrate excellent written and verbal skills, keen attention to detail, strong
organizational skills, ability to perform well under pressure, and comfort
working in team environment. This is not an entry-level position. Interested
applicants should submit cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to
hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-203-16

Southern Republican seeking Legislative Correspondent for Washington,
D.C. office. Primary responsibilities include managing constituent
correspondence, conducting research, and providing support to the legislative
staff when necessary. Applicants must be hardworking, detail oriented, and
possess strong writing skills. Experience with the Intranet Quorum database
and having ties to Tennessee are preferred but not required. This position also
allows for the opportunity to experience the press side of a congressional
office if interested. Qualified candidates should send their resume to
TN08.HouseJobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-199-16

U.S. Rep. Ann McLane Kuster seeks Communications & Outreach
Coordinator for Concord, New Hampshire office.
Communications:
• Work with Communications team to draft and disseminate press releases,
media advisories, statements, and other communications material.
• Help plan local press events and assist Communications Director in pitching
stories to the media as needed.
• Manage Facebook, Twitter, and other social media pages.
• Work with Communications Director and other staff to develop and
implement office messaging strategy.
Issue Area Outreach:
• Develop and maintain relationships with leaders and stakeholders in
assigned issue areas.
• Attend and hold meetings as necessary with issue area leaders and
stakeholders; engage with the public on projects within these areas.
• Monitor ongoing projects and legislative actions connected to assigned issue
areas.
• Develop and coordinate public events, business visits and private meetings
in connection with assigned issue areas.
General:
Page 5 of 6

• Answer phones and walk-in cases as necessary.
• Draft letters, memos and reports on meetings, events and projects.
• Attend occasional night or weekend events as necessary.
Qualifications:
• Strong writing skills
• Strict attention-to-detail
• Ability to “think on your toes” and work in a constantly shifting, fast-paced
work environment
• Prior political or press experience strongly preferred.
If interested, please submit resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
NH02.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-194-16

U.S. Member of Congress in New York seeks a Legislative Assistant for the
D.C. Office. Individuals will handle a portfolio of legislative issues including
small business, economic development, housing, environment, immigration,
and foreign affairs – including the Middle East and Caribbean. This individual
is responsible for drafting legislation and amendments, tracking legislative,
developing legislative initiatives, writing speeches and floor statements,
staffing the Member in Committee, and representing the Member in meetings
with constituents and interested parties. Applicants should have excellent
written and verbal communication skills, work well under pressure in a fastpaced environment, be a strong team player, and have at least two years of
legislative experience on Capitol Hill. This is a full-time permanent position.
Ties to New York are a plus. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter,
resume, and brief writing sample to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please be
sure to put LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT in the subject line.
PLEASE NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS
An Equal Opportunity Employer.

Page 6 of 6

