________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 8, 2024

MEM-014-24

Rep. Kevin Mullin (CA-15) is seeking a Senior Legislative Assistant to manage
his work in the environment, clean energy, water, wildlife, and climate change
portfolios and to take the lead on other issue areas dependent on the interests of
the person and needs of the office. The person in this role will primarily focus on
Rep. Mullin’s work on the Natural Resources Committee, but will support his
other committee work (Science, Space, and Technology) and/or other issues as
needed.
Rep. Mullin’s first pieces of legislation in Congress focused on environmental
justice, equity for marginalized communities, and combating poverty. The person
in this role should be interested and excited to approach policy work through this
lens.
The Senior Legislative Assistant will report to the Legislative Director and will
have regular interaction with Rep. Mullin as well as with other legislative,
communications, operations, and District staff. The ideal candidate will have 2-3
years of prior experience as a Legislative Assistant or comparable policy
experience, significant education and/or work experience on issues under the
jurisdiction of the Natural Resources Committee, and a commitment to public
service.
The role requires:
•Excellent oral and written communication skills, including being able to write
Page 1 of 22

quickly and effectively with little oversight
•Interpersonal skills demonstrated by positive working relationships across the
political spectrum
•Deep understanding of the legislative process and procedures
•A demonstrable record of developing and advancing legislation and other policy
vehicles
•The ability to collaborate respectfully and productively on a small team
•Exceptional organizational skills
•Effectively balancing high attention to detail with the need for efficiency
•The ability to stay calm under pressure
•Interest in and ability to adapt to feedback
•The ability to take initiative in a fast-paced setting
The duties of the Senior Legislative Assistant will include but are not limited to:
•Building relationships and working closely with Hill staff, governmental
officials, outside organizations, constituents, and other stakeholders
•Advancing the Member’s policy priorities via legislation, letters, and other
opportunities
•Tracking legislation, formulating vote recommendations, and generating policy
ideas
•Preparing the Member for and staffing him in stakeholder meetings, hearings,
markups, Floor votes, and related events as needed
•Representing the Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders
•Closely monitoring and engaging in committee work
•Making recommendations to the Member on Floor and committee votes and on
other actions, such as cosponsoring legislation and co-signing letters
•Drafting memos, legislation, letters, committee and Floor remarks, talking
points, and other written material
•Traveling to/from the District as needed
•Performing other duties as assigned by the Legislative Director and Chief of
Staff
The starting salary for this position is $70,000. The office also provides to all
employees:
•Health, dental, and vision insurance coverage
•Retirement benefits with an employer match and pension contributions
•Paid vacation (20 days) plus Federal holidays
•Paid sick and bereavement leave
•Paid parental leave (12 weeks)
•Paid FMLA leave (6 weeks)
•Transit or parking benefits
•Federal student loan repayment
•Access to life insurance coverage
•Flexible remote work policy out of session
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, religion, disability, age, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, LGBTQ
Page 2 of 22

identification, family status, or military status. Women, people of color, and other
members of traditionally underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
To apply, submit a cover letter and resume
via https://airtable.com/apprYNgTcbCLqWcnA/shrGkcYDV3btAsBUY
The deadline to apply is EOD Sunday, January 21.
MEM-013-24

Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s District Office has an immediate need to hire a
full-time Field Representative/Caseworker. We are looking for an enthusiastic
and motivated individual to join our high-energy team in Cypress, CA.
Basic Functions:
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative/ Caseworker acts as the representative for the Member. Field
Representative responsibilities include strengthening relationships with key
stakeholders, as well as attending engagements on behalf of the Member.
Caseworker responsibilities include helping constituents resolve problems with
federal agencies through written and verbal communication.
Duties:
*Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
*Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
*Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
*Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
*Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
*Maintain up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information
*Continually manage active cases and serve as a liaison with constituents to
ensure that cases are handled in a timely and appropriate manner
Requirements:
*Political savvy and comfortable navigating complicated situations
*Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer
service manners; public speaking skills
*Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional
nights/weekends
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with Orange and Los Angeles Counties is
preferred.

Page 3 of 22

Salary and Application Deadline:
Salary starts at $50,000 per year. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until the position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to Stephanie Hu, District Director, Office of
Congresswoman Steel, Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin
MEM-012-24

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking a Legislative
Counsel to lead the office’s Judiciary portfolio.
The Congresswoman is a Member of the House Judiciary Committee and the
Ranking Member on the Subcommittee on Immigration Integrity, Security and
Enforcement. This position will lead on all issues within the jurisdiction of the
Judiciary Committee (except Immigration), which include but are not limited to:
antitrust, courts, criminal justice, elections, protection of civil rights and civil
liberties, and intellectual property.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for committee hearings and markups
including proposing strategic approaches, drafting remarks and questions,
preparing amendments and talking points;
●Advancing current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
building support, legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials,
such as speeches, policy memos, and factsheets;
●Developing expertise in new issue areas as they arise;
●Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
●Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and
Committee offices; and
●Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●Excellent writing and time management skills;
●Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
appropriate for the office;
●Previous Hill experience strongly preferred;
●Poised, level-headed, flexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
Page 4 of 22

encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred. Position location is Washington, DC.
Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
references in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Counsel”: [Applicant’s First and Last Name]” in the subject line. No calls or
drop-ins please.
MEM-011-24

STAFF ASSISTANT
Rep. Jake Auchincloss has an immediate need to hire a Staff Assistant for the
Washington, DC office in a full-time capacity. The Staff Assistant will be
expected to drive the Member to and from official activities, manage the front
desk during office hours, handle all tour requests, fulfill flag requests, support the
district office with administrative office needs, and assist the DC office staff with
work as assigned. Staff Assistants often provide the first impression of the office
to constituents, guests, and other VIPs.
The ideal candidate should have excellent attention to detail, a strong work ethic
and exceptional written communication skills, an eagerness to learn and grow
within the office, and a desire to be part of a highly-collaborative, high-achieving
team. The position is full time with a salary of $55,000 and federal benefits,
including student loan repayment program (if eligible) and transit or parking
benefits.
Job Duties:
•Drives the Member to and from official activities
•Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the office to
constituents, visitors, and other VIPs
•Handles incoming calls with poise, professionalism, and promptness
•Captures input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response
•Works closely with the Member’s Director of Operations to ensure appointments
are on time
•Organizes and manages tasks for constituents to include flag requests, providing
tours of the Capitol, and arranging visits to other national landmarks
•And other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Access to a car and a license in good standing with the DMV of their state of
residence
•Exceptional communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Effective teamwork skills and the ability to support the needs of multiple team
members and leaders in the office required
•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
required
Page 5 of 22

•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status
required
•Attention to detail
•Willingness to learn
Preferences:
•Prior constituent service or customer relationship management preferred
•A demonstrated interest in public service
To apply:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume, cover letter, writing
sample, and references to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line
“Staff Assistant- [applicant’s last name]”. Applications will be considered on a
rolling basis.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), national
origin, age, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other
characteristic protected by applicable law. Our office encourages candidates of
diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-010-24

Congresswoman Emilia Sykes (OH-13) seeks an experienced Legislative
Director to join her Washington, D.C. office. The Legislative Director oversees
the Member’s policy agenda, handles her work on the House Transportation &
Infrastructure Committee, and manages the legislative team.
Candidates should have a strong track record of managing, training, and
supervising a team in a fast-paced environment, translating authorizing and
appropriations priorities into successful outcomes, and developing strong
relationships with on- and off-Hill stakeholders. Sound policy judgement and
firm grasp of committee, floor, and other House procedures are musts.
Candidate should have strong verbal and written communication skills. Candidate
must be driven, creative, good-humored, skilled at receiving and delivering
feedback, and committed to furthering a team-first, collaborative work
environment. Ohio ties are a plus.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
Applications will be accepted until January 12. The office will contact the best
qualified candidates to begin our interview process. To apply, please
email JoinTeamSykes@mail.house.gov with “Full Name - Legislative Director”
in the subject line and the following application materials attached as one
combined PDF: (1) cover letter, (2) resume, and (3) three references including

Page 6 of 22

name, current title and organization, phone number, email, and a one-sentence
description of your relationship to the reference.
MEM-009-24

Rep. French Hill, Vice Chairman of the House Financial Services Committee and
Chairman of the Subcommittee on Digital Assets and Financial Technology,
seeks to fill the role of Financial Services Fellow.
From the Member’s personal office, the Fellow will assist the Senior Policy
Advisor on committee work as well as substantive financial services issues
including policy related to: financial institutions; digital assets; financial
technology; capital markets; housing; and insurance. The Fellow’s day-to-day
activities will include: attending and reporting on hearings; monitoring legislation
and regulatory proposals; drafting official and constituent correspondence; and
drafting meeting materials.
During the fellowship, the Fellow will gain an in-depth understanding of how
Capitol Hill operates, as well as the major policy issues in financial services.
Ideal candidates will be excellent writers, able to work in a fast-paced
environment, and able to exercise good judgment. A background in finance,
whether from the private sector, government, or education, is strongly preferred
but not required.
This is a paid fellowship. Interested candidates should send their resume
to ar02.applications@mail.house.gov with “Financial Services Fellow” in the
subject line.

MEM-008-24

Senior Northeastern Democrat seeks Staff Assistant for Capitol Hill office for
typical front desk duties, including answering phones, managing D.C. office
interns, processing flag and tour requests, and office-supporting administrative
tasks.
Other press and correspondence tasks may also figure into the job. Salary:
$45,000. Qualified candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and brief
writing sample to housedemjobs@gmail.com with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line.
Office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and maintaining
an inclusive and diverse work environment. Women, candidates of color, and
LGBTQ+ candidates are encouraged to apply.

MEM-007-24

STAFF ASSISTANT/DRIVER: Sr. Florida Democrat seeks a Staff
Assistant/Driver in Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include transporting the Member (including evenings),
answering phones, processing mail, welcoming office visitors, processing flag
requests, logging constituent mail, assisting with scheduling/operations and
Page 7 of 22

working with legislative staff on other duties as assigned.
Successful candidates will have professional experience and familiarity working
in a legislative environment. Additional experience including professional
writing, customer service, time-management, and organizational skills are
required. A positive, solution-oriented personality who has an ability to multitask
effectively in a fast-paced environment is ideal.
South Florida/Florida ties are required and prior work in a Congressional or
Senate office is a major plus.
A car and a good driving record are required for this position.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume
to FL25Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “SA/DRIVER.” Please
save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file
“Last name, First name.”
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
MEM-005-24

The office of Congressman Pat Ryan (NY-18) is hiring a Legislative Director.
The role will report to the Chief of Staff and be based in Washington D.C. Rep.
Ryan serves on T&I and HASC.
Job Responsibilities:
•Implementing the legislative priorities of the Member and developing innovative
policy solutions to deliver for core constituencies throughout the district.
•Managing a legislative team, including, but not limited to, day-to-day project
management, goal-setting and tracking, fostering professional development, and
overseeing legislative personnel hiring.
•Advising the Member on legislative matters, including vote recommendations,
cosponsorship requests, and bill introductions.
•Providing status reports on all legislation affecting the district in order to keep
the full team up-to-date on office priorities, goals, and accomplishments.
•Working alongside the communications team to disseminate timely and accurate
information to constituents regarding legislative activity within the House.
•Oversee the Office’s correspondence program
•Collaborating with the Chief of Staff & District Director to identify legislative
solutions and outreach opportunities to address constituents’ casework concerns.
Experience and Skills Required
•Successful and impactful experience as a Senior Staffer or Legislative Staffer in
a battleground House Congressional office.
•Strong understanding of Committee, floor, and other House procedures
•Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Page 8 of 22

•Exceptional time management and organizational skills.
•Staff management experience.
•Ability to build and maintain strong partner relationships, including with
constituency organizations, advocacy groups, colleagues, as well as caucus,
committee, and leadership staff.
•Preferred: Experience working in a district office or for a battleground member.
•Preferred: Staff management experience.
•Integrity, compassion, sound judgment, and a commitment to Democratic
values.
The pay range for a Legislative Director is $90,000-$110,000.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send your resume, cover letter, and three references
to ny18resumes@mail.house.gov with the job title in the subject line and your
full name (e.g.: “Legislative Director - Jed Bartlet). The deadline to apply is COB
1/31/24 and applicants will be evaluated on a rolling basis.
MEM-004-24

Congresswoman Susan Wild, a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee
and House Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks an experienced
Legislative Assistant to join her team.
The policy portfolio and areas of responsibility for this position are fluid,
reflecting the strengths, interests, and experiences of the candidate. Primary
responsibilities include closely tracking legislation and making vote
recommendations, regularly meeting with constituent and stakeholder groups, and
actively implementing legislative initiatives consistent with the
Congresswoman’s policy goals.
This position reports to the Legislative Director and Deputy Chief of Staff and
will include extensive work with the Congresswoman and the rest of her team.
Qualified candidates should have knowledge of the legislative process and
demonstrate an ability to take initiative. Hill experience is strongly preferred.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
1.Preparing and staffing Member for meetings, committee hearings and markups,
floor votes, and related events;
2.Representing Member in meetings with constituents and both national- and
local-level advocacy groups, think thanks, and other groups relevant to policy
portfolio;
3.Tracking legislation and other developments in assigned issue area(s), monitor
relevant committee and floor activity, track developing local/international news
Page 9 of 22

events, make recommendations for votes, cosponsorships and letters for Member
to sign;
4.Building and maintaining positive relationships with congressional staff, district
and national stakeholders, advocacy organizations, Executive Branch officials,
and other key stakeholders relevant to policy portfolio;
5.Building support for Member’s policy priorities and developing/implementing
ideas for new initiatives (legislation, letters, events, press, etc.) including a strong
emphasis on bipartisanship;
6.Drafting legislation, letters, floor/committee remarks, talking points, press
related materials, and other written material related to policy portfolio; and
7. Other duties as assigned by senior staff.
The Office of Representative Susan Wild is an equal opportunity employer,
committed to developing an organization that is reflective of and attentive to the
needs of the diverse community we serve. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender
identity, or disability.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to RepWildJobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the subject line.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.
MEM-003-24

Congresswoman Susan Wild, a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee
and House Education and the Workforce Committee, seeks an experienced
Communications Director to join her team.
This position reports to the Deputy Chief of Staff and Chief of Staff and will
include extensive work with the Congresswoman and the rest of her team.
Qualified candidates should have extensive experience pitching earned media and
with all forms of traditional media.
Duties include, but are not limited to:
• Designing and executing an aggressive communications plan that highlights
Rep. Wild’s work in-district;
• Constantly driving an aggressive earned media plan;
• Working with legislative staff and others to prepare the congresswoman’s
remarks for public and private events;
• Prepare briefing materials for the congresswoman and lead sessions to prepare
her for press appearances;
• Overseeing and approving all digital communications and social media content;
and
• Overseeing a Press Assistant and managing and collaborating with a constituent
communications consultant;
The Office of Representative Susan Wild is an equal opportunity employer,
committed to developing an organization that is reflective of and attentive to the
needs of the diverse community we serve. The office does not discriminate on the
Page 10 of 22

basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender
identity, or disability.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to RepWildJobs@gmail.com with “Communications Director” in the subject line.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.
MEM-002-24

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03), Ranking Member of the House
Committee on Appropriations, seeks an organized and highly motivated
Legislative Correspondent for her Washington, D.C. Office.
Competitive candidates will have outstanding writing skills, strong organizational
skills and experience on Capitol Hill assisting with a mail program.
Responsibilities for this position include managing the Member’s constituent
mail program, researching and writing letters, working collaboratively with other
members of the legislative team, and handling an individual legislative portfolio
as assigned. Well-qualified candidates for this position will have prior experience
working on Capitol Hill, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a
strong work ethic. This is not an entry-level position.
Ties to Connecticut are a plus. This office requires all staff and interns to
complete a full SARS-CoV2 vaccination course, regardless of recovery from
prior coronavirus illness, as a condition of employment. This office is an equal
opportunity employer. Candidates with diverse backgrounds are highly
encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume and two writing samples
to CT03jobs@gmail.com with “Legislative Correspondent” in the subject line.
Applications are due by January 10, 2024 at close-of-business.

MEM-001-24

Congressman Gabe Amo (RI-01) seeks a Press Secretary to join his office in
Rhode Island.
The Press Secretary will be responsible for drafting press releases, statements,
talking points, booking interviews with national and local press outlets, pitching
stories, responding to reporter inquiries, creating and posting social media posts,
compiling news clips, managing the Member’s website, assisting with the
constituent outreach program, and other duties as assigned.
The Press Secretary is expected to advance press events and staff the Member as
needed. The Press Secretary will work in close collaboration with the Chief of
Staff, District Director, and legislative and district staff as appropriate.
Candidates should have previous communications experience, possess
Page 11 of 22

exceptional writing skills, have proficiency in photo and video editing and
graphic design tools, and be organized. Candidates should be detail-oriented and
highly motivated to serve on an active team. Ideal candidates will have
experience working in a fast-paced environment and are prepared to implement a
communications plan.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Rhode Island ties are
a plus. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity),
disability, age, or national origin.
To apply, send in a single PDF with a resume, cover letter, and brief writing
sample, and three references (including name, current title and organization,
phone number, email, and relationship to the reference)
to RI01AmoJobs@gmail.com, with the following subject line: “Full Name –
Press Secretary.”
MEM-636-23

Chief of Staff
Congressman Glenn Ivey (MD-04) seeks a seasoned and empathetic manager of
staff and leader of his strategic vision based in the Washington, D.C., office with
a background in matters before the House Homeland Security and Judiciary
Committees, preferably with a knowledge base in oversight and investigations.
Candidates with J.D. degrees are strongly encouraged to apply but not required
and familiarity with the district is preferred.
The ideal candidate has extensive experience in Congress or the federal
government; developed and implemented an overarching strategy for an
organization or Member before; strong written and verbal communication skills;
interest in cultivating a warm, supportive, and productive work environment;
comfort balancing responsibilities and competing deadlines; a cool and levelheaded demeanor in fast-paced environments; political savvy and knowledge of
Hill culture; good judgment and strong decision-making skills; and expertise in
developing and maintaining relationships with constituents and community
leaders.
Responsibilities include formulating policy positions; overseeing the office’s
legislative, constituent, correspondence, and media-relations strategies; handing
all recruiting and hiring efforts, the establishment of office policies and
procedures, and supervision of senior staff; serving as the Member’s chief
advisor; developing and implementing all policy objectives, strategies, and
operating plans; representing the Member with House leadership and committee
staff; and managing the office budget and personnel activities.
Working for this freshman office represents an opportunity to build something
dynamic and enduring from the ground up, particularly for a Member of
Congress who is a great communicator and cares deeply about the well-being and
professional development of his staff.
Page 12 of 22

Please submit a cover letter, resumé, two-to-three references, and a writing
sample to md04resumes@gmail.com with the subject line: “Full Name – Chief of
Staff.” We will accept applications until the position is filled.
Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, and this office is an
equal-opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-633-23

Congressman Jason Crow (D-CO) is seeking a Military Legislative Assistant or
National Security Advisor for his Washington, DC office.
This person will be responsible for managing a high-profile national security
portfolio; developing the Congressman’s national security agenda; seeking
opportunities for leadership; handling the Congressman’s work on HPSCI,
HASC, and some aspects of HFAC; and, managing relationships with senior
government officials, industry, and NGO leaders.
The ideal candidate will have a strong background in national security and
defense issues, excellent attention to detail, and a proactive work ethic. Candidate
must be willing to travel and be eligible for a TS clearance.
This is not an entry level position. This office is an equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover letter
to CO06.resumes@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop ins please.

MEM-630-23

Representative Josh Gottheimer seeks an experienced Communications
Director for their Washington, DC office.
Ideal candidates will have:
•A Bachelor’s degree or related job experience;
•3-5 years of communications experience in a Congressional office, on a political
campaign, or in another fast-paced environment;
•Excellent attention to detail;
•Sound judgment;
•Strong communication skills;
•Capacity to communicate with a wide variety of personalities in a tactful,
courteous, and professional manner;
•Willingness to accept direction and guidance on performance and process
improvements form the Chief of Staff and Member;
•The ability to anticipate challenges and proactively offer solutions;
•The ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment;
•And the ability to work flexible hours including long hours, nights, and
weekends.

Page 13 of 22

Duties will include but not be limited to:
•Developing and implementing an aggressive media and communications
strategy;
•Serving as the on-the-record spokesperson and primary media liaison for the
Member;
•Proactively seeking local and national interviews with radio, print, television,
and new media outlets;
•Maintaining good, working relationships with members of the press corps;
•Overseeing the implementation of a multi-faceted Franked communications
program with a large budget;
•Drafting talking points, speeches, press releases, media advisories, op-eds, and
statements for the Member;
•Organizing, coordinating, and staffing events with the media;
•Managing all members of the Communications team;
•Managing the process for the updates to social media platforms and the office
website;
•Managing the organization and distribution of the daily news clips for the
Member and office staff;
•Working closely with the District Office to ensure coverage of local priorities;
•And working closely with the legislative team to ensure coverage of the
Member’s policy priorities.
This position reports to the Chief of Staff.
Notice:
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, age,
disability, military status, parental status, marital status, sexual orientation, or any
other factor or basis prohibited by applicable federal law. Applicants with
disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to participate in the
application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an accommodation at
any time during those processes.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter with
“Communications Director” as the subject line to NJ5Jobs@mail.house.gov
MEM-623-23

The Office of Congressman Juan Ciscomani (AZ-06) is hiring a Digital Director.
This person will work with the Communications Director to manage the
congressman’s rapid response and digital presence, including but not limited to
social media, graphics, video filming and editing, newsletter creation, website
management and digital ads. Graphic design and video skills are required.
The office is looking for a creative self-starter who can jump quickly in a fast-

Page 14 of 22

paced environment. Ideal candidates have 2 or more years of experience, with at
least 1 year of experience on Capitol Hill.
Applicants should send their resume and 3-5 portfolio samples
to paige.lindgren@mail.house.gov
MEM-622-23

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford representing the 4th District of
Nevada, is seeking a dynamic and dedicated individual to serve as a Health
Legislative Assistant. The successful candidate will play a pivotal role in
developing and executing legislative initiatives focused on health care, seniors,
social security, and immigration, contributing to impactful policy changes that
directly impact the constituents of the 4th District.
Primary Responsibilities will include, but not limited to:
•Legislative Initiatives: Develop and execute legislative initiatives within the
assigned portfolio, concentrating on health care, seniors, social security, and
immigration. Monitor legislative developments on the House floor and
committees, staying informed on
relevant issues.
•Building Support: Gather support for bills or amendments from other Members
and relevant interest groups, fostering collaboration and consensus-building.
•Vote Recommendations: Provide informed vote recommendations based on
thorough analysis and understanding of the legislative landscape.
•Policy Drafting: Draft, develop, and negotiate legislative text with the respective
committee, ensuring alignment with the Congressman's objectives.
•Committee Preparedness: Staff and prepare the Congressman for committee
briefings, hearings, and markups related to the assigned portfolio.
•Research and Analysis: Conduct research using various tools to acquire, analyze,
and interpret data. Present findings to the Congressman, Senior Management, and
other stakeholders on issues impacting Congressional District 4.
Communication and Commitment:
•Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate effectively with
diverse communities.
•Ability to navigate challenging conversations among diverse groups and build
consensus.
•Commitment to public service, strong work ethic, and the ability to perform
under pressure.
Application Instructions:
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes. Interested candidates
should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples (no longer than two
pages), and three professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with
"Legislative Assistant, [Last Name, First Name]" in the subject line. All
submissions must be in a single PDF file.

Page 15 of 22

Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Salary is commensurate with experience.
MEM-546-23

Member Services Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Member Services Director who
is exceptionally motivated, dynamic, strategic, and detail-oriented to engage with
CBC Member offices and outside partners to advance a robust member services
portfolio.
The Member Services Director will be expected to proactively build strong
relationships across CBC Member offices and develop strategic opportunities for
Member engagement advancing shared priorities. The individual will also be
expected to coordinate with CBC staff to field and respond to inquiries and
requests for support from Member offices and respond to and share external
opportunities for Member engagement as they arise.
The Member Services Director is also responsible for assisting in overseeing all
aspects of caucus operations, logistics, designated administrative responsibilities
and to support caucus leadership.
The Member Services Director responsibilities will include:
•Conducting regular outreach to Member offices to build relationships with staff,
share opportunities for Member or staff participation in events, messaging, and
other efforts, and identify new ideas for collaboration with Member offices
•Sharing resources with Member offices and working with CBC, congressional,
and external staff to develop high-quality materials for Member office use
•Drafting regular newsletters for Member offices with relevant updates and
opportunities, as well as for external audiences to uplift Member engagement on
CBC issues
•Developing a network of external partners working on issues relevant to the
CBC and Member offices
•Maintaining staff contact information and distribution lists
•Provides orientation and training for new staff;
•Assists departing employees with necessary administrative procedures (i.e.,
returning keys, House I.D. cards, and other office property; obtaining forwarding
addresses, work files, and records);
•Supervises the mail operations and the administrative files and personnel
records;
•Assists staff in scheduling House or Capitol rooms for outside group functions;
•Organize and facilitate meetings and other strategic convenings to support
institutional
•change, policies, and programmatic work;
•Oversees operations for CBC including organizing weekly meetings and events
•Provides logistical support for all programming
Page 16 of 22

•Works with the CBC personal office staffs and coordinates with the CBC
Schedulers to implement the Caucus’ priorities
•Builds and maintains databases of internal and external stakeholders
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player.
Candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of House and Senate
legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov.
No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-508-23

Congresswoman Shontel Brown (OH-11) seeks an exceptional, experienced
Press Secretary/Digital Director (PS/DD) to join a dynamic, fast paced team,
working out of the Washington, DC office.
Working with the Communications Director, located in the District, the PS/DD
will develop, coordinate, and implement digital and traditional media and
communication strategies that highlight the Member’s work and advance her
robust online/digital presence. Other primary responsibilities include but are not
limited to developing, editing, and producing graphics, videography, and other
creative tools to enhance messaging; fielding press requests from local and
national media; producing the Member’s newsletters; drafting releases and
advisories, speeches , and talking points.
The successful candidate will have a creative and strategic approach to visual and
graphic design, excellent oral and written communications skills, an ability to
handle multiple assignments on tight deadlines, a desire to hone the Member’s
voice, a strong collaborative approach to cross functional teaming, and a good
sense of humor. They will also have a working knowledge of the legislative
process, procedures, and organization of the House, with a proven ability to build
strong, collaborative relationships while working in a crisis-oriented environment
and handling stress appropriately. Ohio ties are a plus, but not required, but
proven effective digital and videography experience is required.
This is not an entry level position. The ideal candidate will have at least three
years of Hill and/or other communications experience in a policy or constituent
services environment with an emphasis on professional digital media,
videography, and general communications proficiency beyond the intern level.
The salary is flexible and dependent upon proven experience and expertise.

Page 17 of 22

Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing and one creative
samples to Ohio11Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Press
Secretary – Last Name, First Initial.” No drop-ins, direct emails to staff or phone
calls, please. The position is open until filled, but applications will be screened as
they are received.
MEM-468-23

The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), an independent, non-partisan
investigative entity established by the United States House of Representatives,
seeks one attorney with 5-10 years of experience to serve as Investigative
Counsel.
The Investigative Counsel reports to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel and
will be responsible for conducting sensitive inquiries into allegations of possible
violations of federal law and ethical standards of conduct by current Members,
Officers and Staff of the House of Representatives and advising the Staff Director
and Chief Counsel on legal and policy matters.
The OCE is seeking attorneys interested in the OCE’s work supporting ethics and
transparency within the House of Representatives. The Investigative Counsel
would join a small, Washington, DC-based, investigative team, and would be
eligible to apply for hybrid work accommodations combining in-person core days
and remote work.
Core Responsibilities:
•Review information received by OCE, discern possible violations, and identify
facts requiring further investigation
•Plan, organize and conduct investigations regarding allegations and advise the
Staff Director and Chief Counsel regarding appropriate evaluation of cases
•Advise the Staff Director and Chief Counsel on legal issues in matters under
investigation and on broader legal and policy issues involved in the operations of
OCE
•Draft lengthy and detailed memoranda, reports, and referrals for Board
consideration and potential public release
Qualifications:
•Demonstrated ability to conduct and direct complex legal research and present
the results in a clear, precise and persuasive manner
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Strong legal judgment and demonstrated professional integrity
•Experience auditing large sets of data or evidence and providing detailed
analysis
•Desirable but not required:
*Investigative experience with high-profile and sensitive matters;
*Experience with investigations involving public officials;
*Experience with campaign finance or ethics law;
Page 18 of 22

*Experience conducting interviews or depositions;
*Experience writing public reports or legal documents; and
*Advanced proficiency in development and use of electronic databases, and other
computer skills including knowledge of current information technology tools
related to investigations
•Ability to:
*work independently or as part of an investigative team;
*manage multiple tasks and projects;
*work well under pressure and tight time deadlines; and
*exercise discretion and independent judgment
Duties:
•Developing investigative strategies and implementing investigative plans
•Reviewing evidence and data in order to analyze, develop, and provide detailed
written and oral reports of findings
•Identifying information to substantiate or disprove allegations and assess the
likely sources of that information
•Collecting and reviewing documents, electronic media, and physical evidence
•Interviewing witnesses and subjects
•Performing other duties as assigned
Requirements:
•Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret clearance
•Graduation from an ABA accredited law school and active bar membership
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter, short writing sample, and resume (electronic
submissions preferred) to:
Omar S. Ashmawy
Staff Director and Chief Counsel
Office of Congressional Ethics
United States House of Representatives
P.O. Box 895
Washington, DC 20515-0895
OCEJOB@mail.house.gov
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level

Page 19 of 22

position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.
Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
Page 20 of 22

references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.
MEM-354-23

Policy Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Policy Director to manage the
Caucus’ policy agenda, including crafting and executing effective legislative
strategies to advance Caucus policy priorities, representing the Caucus as point of
contact on all policy engagements, working with Members’ staff to advance
legislative proposals, developing materials to support the goals and mission of the
Caucus, and promoting the Caucus both internally within the House of
Representatives and externally to the public. The Policy
Director’s responsibilities will include:
• In conjunction with Members, developing Caucus’ policy priorities and
strategic objectives
• Executing Caucus’ policy agenda through nuanced understanding of community
stances
• Working collaboratively with the Executive Director and other Caucus staff to
advance CBC’s work internally on Capitol Hill and through deep engagement
with stakeholder entities to push CBC priorities forward
• Collaborating with CBC Member office staff to further Caucus policy
objectives and managing communication with CBC policy councils
• Collaborating with communications staff to convey legislative positions and
wins into external messaging through statements, social media, and press
engagement
• Organizing policy-focused events for Caucus members and external stakeholder
participation
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community.
Outstanding writing and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the
ability to work closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key
stakeholders are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and
possess the ability to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a
team player.
This is not an entry-level position and candidates should have a demonstrated
understanding of House and Senate legislative processes.
Page 21 of 22

To apply, please send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov. No walk-ins or calls please.

Page 22 of 22

