________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 9, 2022

MEM-248-22

Rep. Donald McEachin (VA-4) is seeking a hardworking, motivated Legislative
Assistant to primarily assist with the environment, environmental justice and
public health portfolio related to the Member’s work on the Environment
Subcommittee of the House Energy and Commerce Committee.
The primary responsibilities for this position will be leading the Member’s
existing environmental justice and healthcare initiatives, identifying new areas for
legislative action, and coordinating with other Members and outside stakeholders.
Additional duties will be assigned based on experience and office needs.
This is not an entry level position. Experience working on issues related to the
environment and/or environmental justice and previous experience working in a
Congressional office is strongly preferred. The ideal candidate is resilient in the
face of a fast-paced and ever-changing environment, organized, focused on
details, and driven to affect change.
The ideal candidate will be proactive in their policy portfolio and comfortable
working with diverse sets of constituents, staff, and community and
organizational groups.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates
from diverse backgrounds to apply. The salary for this position is $68,000.

Page 1 of 30

Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to McEachin.Jobs@mail.house.gov by Thursday, May 12, 2022.
MEM-246-22

The Congressional LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus seeks a hardworking, organized,
and detail-oriented Press Secretary/Digital Manager.
The Congressional LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus, which is Chaired by Rep. David
Cicilline (RI-01), works to promote equality for all, regardless of sexual
orientation or gender identity, and is committed to achieving the full enjoyment
of human rights for LGBTQ+ people in the U.S. and around the world. The
Equality Caucus serves as a resource to Members of Congress, their staff, and the
public on LGBTQ+ issues at the federal level.
Ideal candidates will be excellent writers, detail-oriented, organized, self-starters,
team players, and able to produce high quality work in a fast-paced environment
under tight deadlines.
Ideal candidates will also have experience working with the press and creating
social media content, including graphics. Experience on Capitol Hill or working
on LGBTQ+ issues is a plus but not required. This is not an entry-level position.
Candidates should have 2-3 years of communications experience. Salary is
commensurate with experience.
The LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The caucus
benefits from a staff that reflects the diversity of the country’s population;
candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The
caucus does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including
marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
disability, age, or national origin.
Responsibilities include:
•Developing communication plans, in coordination with the Executive Director,
to increase the Caucus’ reach in the news and on digital platforms and to
highlight the work of Caucus members;
•Managing the Caucus’ website and social media channels, including updating
the website, drafting Facebook posts, tweets, and Instagram posts, and creating
graphics and videos;
•Creating communication resources for Caucus Member offices, including social
media toolkits, messaging guidance, and talking points;
•Drafting press releases, communicating with the press, and organizing press
conferences;
•Drafting the Caucus’ weekly newsletter;
•Building and maintaining relationships with Caucus Members’ communications
staff;
•Assisting the Executive Director, as needed, with coordinating events and briefs,

Page 2 of 30

membership outreach, tracking LGBTQ+ legislation, and policy work; and
•Other duties as assigned.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Interested candidates should
send a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample, as a single PDF,
to equality.caucushire@mail.house.gov. Please put “Press Secretary/Digital
Manager – [Your First and Last Name]” in the subject line.
MEM-245-22

Congressman Ted Lieu has an immediate opening for a Caseworker in his Los
Angeles District Office. Primary responsibilities include assisting constituents
with federal casework, assisting the Casework Supervisor with casework
outreach, intake, and processing.
The Caseworker would also attend community events and conduct casework
outreach directly with constituents. Caseworkers meet frequently with
constituents and liaise with federal agencies and help organize outreach events for
the Congressman’s office.
The successful applicant should have experience working on federal casework,
must have a positive attitude and the ability to work and set priorities in a fastpaced and challenging environment. Strong writing and verbal communications
skills are essential. At least one year of experience working for an elected official
or community-based organization is strongly preferred. A valid California Driver
License and automobile are required. Bilingual skills are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal benefits. Congressman Lieu’s primary
district office is located in
West Los Angeles. This office is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples no
later than May 20, 2022 to:
NICOLAS RODRIQUEZ
District Director
Congressman Ted Lieu (CA-33) 1645 Corinth Avenue, Suite #101 Los Angeles,
CA 90025
Lieu.Staff@mail.house.gov

MEM-244-22

Staff Assistant
Representative Spanberger seeks a Staff Assistant for her Washington, D.C.
office. Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized,
detail-oriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal skills, and ability
to thrive in a fast-paced environment.

Page 3 of 30

Candidates must demonstrate excellent “people skills,” most importantly
displaying compassion in all interactions, and a strong commitment to providing
outstanding constituent service.
The ideal candidate should: be able to think on their feet, be a problem-solver,
demonstrate excellent oral and written skills, maintain a positive demeanor, and
demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
Primary responsibilities include: managing the front office, including answering,
appropriately logging, and directing telephone calls; greeting visitors; monitoring
office deliveries; distributing hard and electronic mail; and other administrative
duties. The Staff Assistant will also serve as the office tour coordinator and will
be responsible for managing constituent requests for Capitol and White House
tours, as well as constituent requests for flags flown over the Capitol.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information, disability,
or uniformed service.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, 1-page writing sample, and two references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “DC Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Annual salary for this
position is $50,000.
MEM-243-22

Congressman Seth Moulton is seeking a Legislative Assistant.
The office is looking for a principled, mission-driven, and energetic candidate
with a domestic policy background. The Legislative Assistant will assist in the
development of strategic policy goals and support the Member’s work on the
House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. The Legislative Assistant
will advise the Member on assigned legislative areas including transportation,
infrastructure, education, labor, and appropriations.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Responsible for:
*Long-term and short-term legislative planning for the Member and for ensuring
progress on the Member's domestic legislative goals within the Legislative
Assistant’s portfolio
*Staffing the Member for all House Committee on Transportation and
Infrastructure activities including full committee and subcommittee hearings and
markups
*Writing and developing a range of high-quality written materials, including
policy reports and policy memos
*Tracking policy proposals and implementation in assigned issue areas
*Representing the Member externally by attending policy briefings and meetings
Page 4 of 30

This is not an entry level position. A bachelor’s degree is required, advanced
degrees preferred. A minimum of 2 years of experience on Capitol Hill in
domestic policy and/or other legislative experience is required. Depending on
professional experience, the candidate may be eligible to start as Senior
Legislative Assistant.
Successful Applicants will have the ability to think creatively, operate
entrepreneurially, and build and motivate strong and effective coalitions of
partners on and off the Hill.
To Apply, please provide a resume and cover letter
to ma06.resumes@mail.house.gov, with the subject line “Legislative Assistant”
by Wednesday, May 18, 2022 at 11:59pm.
MEM-242-22

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a Legislative Assistant with Hill
experience. This is not an entry level position. Excellent written and oral
communication skills required. Advanced degree a plus.
Send resume, brief writing sample, and three references
to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use this title on your email: “Legislative
Assistant Application”
No drop-ins or calls please.

MEM-241-22

Press Assistant/Deputy Press Secretary:
Position Summary:
The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a Press
Assistant/Deputy Press Secretary to work closely with the Communications
Director to implement the Committee Communications Strategy.
They will lead the drafting of press materials, monitor media and issues relevant
to the Committee, primarily handle press inquiries and media relationships, and
largely be responsible for day-to-day press operations. On occasion, and in
consultation with the Communications Director or Senior Staff, they will serve as
the on-the-record spokesperson.
In an effort to build a diverse and more inclusive work environment, the
committee strongly encourages veterans, minorities, women, people with
disabilities, and LGBTQ+ candidates to apply.
Title and salary negotiable depending on experience. Starting salary is $55K.
All candidates are required to complete an Online Application
via https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScLDNEck7GezSWFthWkageU
5X4EG9JmGIaxSTeJfOhLDt4BZw/viewform to be considered. There you can
Page 5 of 30

upload your resume, cover letter, and writing sample.
Essential Job Functions:
•Lead the development of talking points, remarks, statements, press releases,
advisories, and caucus messaging guides
•Lead the coordination, preparation, and execution of media interviews, speaking
engagements, and press conferences
•Monitor and track media appearances, manage media relationships, and work
with policy subject matter experts to identify opportunities for media engagement
•Assist with rapid response efforts
•Assist Committee Member offices with any press related needs
•Hire, manage, and supervise press interns
•Staff Chairman at press events
Minimum Qualifications:
•3+ years’ experience working in communications or related field
•Excellent written and verbal communications skills
•Willing to execute day-to-day tasks and work successfully within a team
•Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, prioritize tasks, and adapt quickly
and easily for rapid response
Exceptionally Qualified Candidates will have:
•On-the-record press experience
•Demonstrated understanding of or familiarity with veterans’ issues
•Capitol Hill experience
MEM-240-22

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a mid-level Legislative Assistant for
his Washington D.C. office. Hill experience in a legislative role or comparable
experience is required.
The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for handling a broad range of
domestic policy issues, including the member’s Science and Technology
Committee work. The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for drafting and
monitoring legislation, preparing materials for committee hearings and markups,
representing the Member in meetings/briefings, working with constituent
organizations, and performing other tasks as assigned.
The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of the legislative process,
excellent writing and communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to work
effectively in a fast-paced office. Press and communications experience is also a
plus, but not required.
Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to legislativeposition2022@gmail.com

Page 6 of 30

MEM-239-22

Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03), a member of the House Armed Services
Committee, House Foreign Affairs Committee, and House Small Business
Committee seeks a hard-working Constituent Services Representative to serve
in his Willingboro office.
The Constituent Services Representative is a field representative and caseworker
on behalf of the Congressman that acts as a public-facing community
representative to constituents and organizations and as a liaison to various
federal, state and local agencies. The Constituent Services Representative
assesses problems and finds solutions in a professional manner and screens and
refers cases, as appropriate.
Ideal candidates will have experience managing casework, be exceptionally wellorganized and attentive to detail, be able to adhere to established casework
processes, have the ability to work nights and weekends, have strong oral and
written communication skills, including public speaking skills, excel at time
management, manage multiple tasks simultaneously, and be able to maintain
good working relationships with the Congressman, staff and constituents. An
even temperament, ability to deal effectively with a wide range of personalities,
and creative problem solving skills are essential.
RESPONSIBILITES
•Interact with constituents via phone, email and in person
•Establish, follow through and complete constituent casework
•Keep accurate and complete case notes and alerts at all times
•Interact with assigned federal agencies
•Interact with local, county and state offices to make and accept referrals
•Establish efficient processes to handle common issues and problems
•Cross-train and accept changing areas of focus as needed
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents, community leaders and
organizations on behalf of the Member
•Monitor and update the Member and Senior Staff of important local issues
•Draft memos and staff the Member at public events and meetings
•Manage special projects independently under the supervision of the Outreach
Director and/or District Director
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
•Casework or other high volume, high touch work
•Time spent in a customer service role
•Prior experience in community organizing
•Work with federal, state or local government
•Experience with casework IQ program is a plus
•Candidates with ties to New Jersey are strongly encouraged to apply
•Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including nights and
weekends

Page 7 of 30

TO APPLY: Email cover letter, resume and 2-3 references to
NJ03resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Constituent Services
Representative: [NAME]”. Please no unsolicited drop-ins, phone calls, or emails
to the office.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: May 15, 2022 at 5PM EST
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
MEM-238-22

Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03) seeks a hard-working Legislative Assistant to
join his policy team. This is not an entry-level position and 1-2 years of
experience as a Legislative Assistant in the House or Legislative Correspondent
in the Senate is required.
The ideal applicant will have experience in formulating and advancing legislation
and a demonstrated ability to brief a Member of Congress on complex policy
issues both orally and in writing. Successful applicants will work quickly under
pressure, have good working knowledge of House legislative processes and
procedures, excellent organization and communication skills, and work well with
others. This position reports to the Legislative Director and works closely with
the rest of the Congressman’s legislative and communications teams.
RESPONSIBILITIES
•Handles a portfolio of legislative issues, which may be tailored to the
candidate’s expertise but will likely include: veterans, transportation &
infrastructure, economic development, technology & innovation, tax/financial
services, and Small Business Committee.
•Tracks legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas.
•Takes constituent and advocacy group meetings.
•Builds relationships with district and national stakeholders and advocacy
organizations.
•Reviews legislation and makes recommendations for cosponsorships and letters
for the Congressman to sign.
•Builds support for the Member’s legislation and develops/implements ideas for
new legislation to advance the Congressman’s strategic priorities, with guidance
from the Legislative Director.
•Exercises discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member.
•Reviews draft press releases and social media in assigned issue areas for
technical accuracy.
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:
•Knowledge of or ties to New Jersey a plus

Page 8 of 30

TO APPLY: Email a cover letter, resume, a short writing sample, and 2-3
references to NJ03Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line, “Legislative
Assistant: [Your Full Name]” Please no unsolicited drop-ins, phone calls, or
emails to the office.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: May 13, 2022 at 6pm EST
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
MEM-237-22

The office of Congressman Jake Auchincloss (D, MA-04) is seeking a Digital
Director / Press Secretary to work closely with the Communications Director to
elevate the Member’s communications operation and strategically run a social
media program.
Duties will include staffing the Member at open press events in the District and
DC and working closely with the District team to amplify local events, media
monitoring, maintenance of the Member’s social media accounts, drafting and
posting content for social media, producing graphics and videos, editing photos
and videos, maintaining the website, compiling daily press clips, and assisting
with the drafting of press releases and media advisories, e-newsletters, franked
mailings, opeds, and other responsibilities as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be organized, detail-oriented, tech-savvy, able to work
long hours in a fast-paced environment, have superior writing and proofreading
skills, and the ability to work closely and collaborate with Senior Staff both in the
District and in DC.
Requirements include previous experience building audiences online and
maintaining social media accounts, excellent writing skills, ability to work well
on a team, experience in principal management, and experience meeting tight
deadlines under pressure.
This position will require work outside standard office hours and can be based in
either Washington, DC or Massachusetts with regular travel required. Previous
congressional or campaign experience and photography/videography/graphic
design skills are strongly preferred.
Please indicate in the application if you have on-the-record experience.
Congressman Auchincloss’ office is an equal opportunity employer. Title and
salary are competitive and negotiable based on previous experience.
The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information,
disability, or uniformed service.
Page 9 of 30

Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and 1-2 writing
samples or sample graphics/videos or tweets to AuchinclossJobs@gmail.com.
MEM-236-22

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Congressman Mark Pocan (WI-02), member of
both the House Appropriations and Education & Labor Committees, is seeking an
experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant. Ideal candidate will have 2-3
years of Hill experience, a good understanding of House procedures, an
understanding of developing and tracking legislative initiatives and political
awareness. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements,
legislative memos, constituent correspondence and preparing briefing materials.
A sense of humor is greatly appreciated.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
Subject Line. Job opening closes at the end of business on Friday, May 20th. No
phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity and expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation.

MEM-234-22

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Economic
Opportunity
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving skills;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Strong attention to detail.
Page 10 of 30

DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with Subcommittee hearings and full Committee hearings on matters
within Subcommittee jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Minority agenda, preparation of research and hearing
briefing memo, and development of questions;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Briefing subcommittee Members’ staff;
•Drafting remarks for Ranking Member and suggested questions for hearings;
•Preparing memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee Ranking
Members on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Ranking
Member, Staff Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee
staff, as needed.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send résumés and cover letter only to the following email address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “EO Republican Research
Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-232-22

The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis in the U.S. House of
Representatives conducts investigations to ensure the nation’s response to the
coronavirus crisis is efficient, effective, and equitable.
Chairman James E. Clyburn seeks to fill a Counsel or Professional Staff
position on the Majority staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney or policy
professional with several years of investigative or litigation experience. Recent
law school graduates with relevant professional experience prior to attending law
school may be considered on a case-by-case basis.
Responsibilities include leading investigations, conducting depositions and
transcribed interviews, preparing for hearings, and drafting reports.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
Page 11 of 30

apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel / Professional Staff” in the subject line.
MEM-231-22

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-230-22

SUMMARY:
The Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. is seeking a Chief of Staff
to act as the Member's chief policy advisor.
This position develops and implements all policy objectives, strategies and
operating plans for the Member's offices and manages and directs all activities
and staff of the Member's Washington D.C. and district office(s), as well as
coordinates the activities of the Member with Leadership and committee
office(s).

Page 12 of 30

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Supervisory: Directly supervises up to eighteen full time employees and up to
four part-time and temporary employees; carries out responsibilities in
accordance with office policy and applicable laws. Responsibilities include
interviewing, hiring and training employees; planning, assigning and directing
work; appraising performances; rewarding and disciplining employees;
addressing complaints; and resolving problems;
*Manages the Washington, D.C. and district office staffs;
*Sets and oversees the administration of office goals, policies and procedures and
has oversight responsibility for all personnel matters including hiring, salary, and
disciplinary decisions;
*Manages long-term legislative plan of the Member;
*Coordinates and supervises the efforts of all employees including the press and
constituent service staffs;
*Conducts staff meetings;
*Approves strategies and tactics on legislative issues;
*Acts as the Member's principal liaison and responds to office visits and
telephone inquiries from constituents and various interest groups;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, constituents,
stakeholders, and other political offices;
*Speaks to local and national groups, as well as the press, when the Member is
unavailable;
*Oversees the office budget;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
*Performs other duties as assigned by the Member.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A minimum of a bachelor’s degree in political science or related field, including
strong academic credentials is preferred. Alternatively, five years of related
experience or training in management and/or legislation or equivalent experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
*Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
*Thorough knowledge of the Members' Congressional Handbook and House
Rules;
*An understanding of the district and federal political process;
*Provides necessary organization, supervisory leadership, and motivation to
manage a House office;
*Ability to perform essential job functions above;
*Ability to maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff
and constituents;
Page 13 of 30

*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Excellent oral and written communication skills;
*Knowledge of the office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications; and
*Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate; and;
*Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter and resume, along with three
references to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov. Please use CHIEF OF STAFF in the
subject line when submitting your materials. The office is an equal opportunity
employer.
MEM-229-22

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an
experienced scheduler.
Main responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules for both DC and the District; organizing and evaluating all incoming
meeting requests and invitations; keeping the Member on schedule throughout the
day; working with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings; coordinating travel arrangements; processing and
managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member; and communicating
with constituents by phone and email to address requests, concerns, and
questions.
Additional responsibilities include other administrative tasks.
Candidates should be highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task,
resourceful, team-oriented, and have a positive attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including
some weekend availability as needed.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Applicants should have previous scheduling
experience (at least one year in a similar position). Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Southern California | Los Angeles Metro area ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
Page 14 of 30

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-228-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated individual to assume the role of Press Secretary|Digital Director.
The person chosen for the position will work closely with the Communications
Director to develop and execute the Congresswoman’s long-term
communications plan. They will be charged with overseeing the communications
schedule, managing the Member’s digital media accounts, and working with local
and national reporters.
The Press Secretary|Digital Director will be responsible for a wide range of
critical functions, including developing original social media content, designing
graphics, editing and posting videos, maintaining the office’s website, and
managing media lists. Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director
with drafting news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds and other materials.
Qualified applicants must have strong writing, editing, proofreading skills and be
proficient in photography, video recording and editing. They must be detailoriented, news savvy and able to work in a fast-paced, demanding work setting -a sense of humor and ability to be a team player is a must.
Spanish fluency preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous experience in press or relevant social
media experience is required. Experience with Adobe Creative Cloud Products
are a plus. Southern California|Los Angeles ties are a plus.
Successful applicants will need to demonstrate their writing ability by completing
a writing and editing test.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter including salary requirements, and
two writing samples with “Press Secretary” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-227-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly talented and
motivated individual to serve as a Legislative Assistant|CHC Liaison in
Washington, DC House office - with the primary responsibilities of handling the
Page 15 of 30

Member’s immigration, foreign affairs, military, and criminal justice, Homeland
Security Committee work, and serve as Member’s liaison to the Congressional
Hispanic Caucus (CHC).
Candidates must have a proven record of proposing legislation, developing
amendments, and leading on letters.
Primary responsibilities include:
•Drafting legislation and amendments and advancing them through various
legislative vehicles;
•Preparing hearing binders and questions for witnesses for Homeland Security
Committee hearings;
•Drafting talking points, vote recommendations and other materials;
•Monitoring and analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings,
news stories and other relevant info; and
•Representing the Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.
Candidates must have an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in a
fast-paced work environment. Strong organizational and time management skills,
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a keen attention to detail
are required.
Spanish language skills preferred. Southern California ties a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two references with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-226-22

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a Field
Representative for her District Office in San Pedro, CA.
Candidate should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, have
the proper demeanor and a comfort in dealing directly with constituents to resolve
challenging requests, highly organized, and the ability to manage multiple tasks
and competing deadlines simultaneously.
Responsibilities for this community focused position include: answer and log
incoming phone calls, conducts casework intake, and work on casework through
completion; identify event and correspondence opportunities in their geographic
and issue areas; staff the Congresswoman and serves as staff representative for
the Congresswoman at community meetings and events; lead or assist with
planning, organizing, and executing district outreach efforts in their geographic
Page 16 of 30

and issue areas; identifying issues related to federal programs for possible
legislation and|or letters; managing correspondence and acknowledgements from
the office; meeting with constituent and community leaders and developing
relationships and networks in their geographic and issue areas; working with
community groups and organizations, local elected officials, and others in the
District to identify potential opportunities for federal funding; and serving as a
liaison with federal, state, and local agencies, and committees.
Knowledge of communities within California’s 44th District and Spanish fluency
preferred. A car and good driving record required.
Candidates must also be able to work a flexible schedule, including some nights
and weekends as required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“CA44 Field Rep” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-225-22

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a District Staff
Assistant for her District Office in San Pedro, CA.
The District Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, supervises the
district internship program, and responds to constituent requests for general
information and other inquiries. This position maintains the front office and
assists district office staff with various administrative duties while maintaining an
external agenda that interacts frequently with constituents. The position will also
support aspects of the Office’s outreach function.
The District Staff Assistant will also be integrated into the Congresswoman’s
scheduling team to assist in the various aspects of District Scheduling.
Candidate should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills,
strong interpersonal skills, have the proper demeanor and a comfort in dealing
directly with constituents to resolve challenging requests, highly organized, the
ability to manage multiple tasks and competing deadlines simultaneously, and
able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Familiarity with communities in California’s 44th District. Spanish fluency and a
car (with good driving record) preferred.
Candidates must also be able to work a flexible schedule, including some nights
and weekends as required.
Page 17 of 30

Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“CA44 Staff Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-224-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.
They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
•Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
•Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
•Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
•Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.

Page 18 of 30

Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-221-22

Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a Digital/Press Assistant.
Congresswoman Moore is a member of the Ways and Means Committee,
Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and the Select Committee on
Economic Disparity and Fairness in Growth, and her office is looking to expand
its communications team and digital outreach.
The Digital/Press Assistant position will collaborate in a supportive team. This
position reports to the Chief of Staff and the Communications Director. Their
responsibilities will include drafting newsletters, creating digital content for
social media platforms, such as videos and graphics, and assisting with press
events and media interviews.
A strong candidate will be creative, a self-starter, and adaptable in a fast-paced
environment. Great writing skills, experience in graphic design, and a strong
work ethic are essential for this position. Wisconsin ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples,
and an example of previous digital media or graphic design projects
to WI04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Digital/Press Assistant” in the subject
line. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.

MEM-217-22

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks a bilingual
English/Spanish speaker who is an energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to
join the District Office of her very active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
Importantly, constituent services staff also assist with neighborhood events and
visits community groups in the district.

Page 19 of 30

Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and in handling multiple tasks and issues effectively while making
sure federal agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds
promptly to constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to communicate fluently in Spanish and
English, work independently, and think outside the box about various constituent
issues and community events. Prior community or casework experience is
helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-216-22

Policy Aide
House Small Business Committee Democrats seeks a policy aide to assist senior
staff on wide ranging policy issues, including, tax, health, retirement, agriculture,
procurement, technology, and other issues.
Core responsibilities include researching, drafting memos, and questions to
support senior staff, drafting reports, assisting in the drafting of legislation, and
other assignments. Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill
or federal agency experience is preferred.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please send cover letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position
name in the subject line.

MEM-213-22

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a Wounded Warrior Fellow for his
District Office.
This position is limited to veterans desiring to serve a two-year paid ongressional
Fellowship as part of the House of Representatives Wounded Warrior Fellowship
Program.
Selected Fellows will work directly for Congressman Trone as part of his District
Office staff, located in once of his District Offices. (Gaithersburg, Frederick,
Hagerstown, or Cumberland, MD)
Page 20 of 30

Conditions of Employment:
ALL CANDIDATES MUST BE:
1) Honorably discharged
2) Released from active duty within the last six years.
3) Pay grades at or below E-5/O-3/W-2 4. Veterans promoted to pay grades of E6/O-4/W-3 WITHIN 6-MONTHS OF SEPARATION from active duty are
eligible.
Qualifications:
Detail oriented; excellent organization skills; excellent communication skills;
strong computer skills; ability to complete projects within timelines and under
minimal supervision. Ability to work well under pressure and maintain a
professional and courteous work disposition; ability to exercise discretion and
independent judgment in handling sensitive information; ability to manage
multiple tasks simultaneously. High School Diploma required. Some college
level classes are preferred but not required.
Primary Responsibilities:
●Serve as the official representative for the Member in the Veterans community.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations in the Veterans community to form
effective relationships for the Member.
●Monitor and update the Member and District Director on issues facing military
members and veterans in the district.
●Provide direct casework assistance to military members and veterans in a timely
and efficient manner; proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is
reached.
●Assess veterans issues that constituents are facing for problems requiring
possible legislative action; make recommendations to the District and Legislative
Directors.
●Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
To apply, please go to the following link to submit your application:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/478?c=house&source
=USAJobs.
No phone calls or walk-ins.
MEM-212-22

CONSTITUENT SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE
OFFICE of CONGRESSMAN EARL L. “BUDDY” CARTER
SUMMARY:
The Constituent Services Representative acts as a liaison to federal, state, and
local agencies as well as external organizations for the Congressman and
Page 21 of 30

constituents of the First District. Additionally, the CSR monitors local issues for
the Congressman and the Office and serves and the representative of the Office at
public events.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal and written communications with constituents, and serving as
a liaison with federal, district, and local agencies as well as external
organizations;
*Informs the Congressman and the District Director of all happenings in his or
her assigned areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
*Handles casework assignments;
*Specializes in Veterans Affairs and events;
*Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Office;
*Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director;
*Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Congressman with constituents;
*Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices;
*Trains and supervises interns to handle office matters such as logging incoming
and outgoing correspondence, handling visitors, telephone calls, and computer
operations;
*Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
*Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in his or her assigned areas;
*Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
*Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the Office;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the Office;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff, and
constituents;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least 2 years of experience; strong academic credentials. Alternatively, 10
years of related experience or training in legislation or equivalent experience.
Experience working with the U.S. Military, Department of Veterans Affairs,
and/or veterans services organizations is preferred.
Page 22 of 30

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong oral and written communication skills;
*Knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
*Experience with the U.S. Military, veterans issues, organizations and the
Department of Veterans Affairs;
*Professional telephone manner;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner.
*Ability to perform the essential job functions above;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications; and
*Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate.
To apply, please submit a resume to Brooke.childers@mail.house.com
MEM-209-22

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff (majority)
seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized staff assistant for fastpaced committee office.
Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front office such as receptionist
duties, answering phones, greeting visitors, ensuring that office and meeting
rooms are kept in order, supporting staff in preparations for committee events
such as hearings, markups, meetings, and events, delivering documents and
obtaining signatures on letters, training and supervising interns, handling and
sorting incoming mail, maintaining both digital and paper records and files,
maintaining office supplies and mastering basic equipment operations, assisting
other staff with research, work product, web content, special projects, and other
duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, attention to detail, professionalism, exceptional time management skills,
and an ability to work collaboratively.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability, or
age. Hill experience preferred but not required.

Page 23 of 30

Please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov
MEM-208-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks an experienced
Communications Director based in the DC office to develop and execute the
Congressman’s communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and
Means, Armed Services, and Budget committees.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to Congressman Horsford and will supervise the work of
junior communications staff. They will be responsible for executing an
aggressive communications plan that generates positive local and national media
coverage, reaches diverse communities, and expands the Congressman’s reach to
new audiences.
Responsibilities include but is not limited to:
•Working with Congressman Horsford, the Chief of Staff, the Deputy Chief of
Staff, and the District Director to develop strategic messaging priorities.
•Managing all day-to-day external communications from the office, including
press releases, remarks, floor speeches, interview memos, newsletters, op-eds,
and social media.
•Proactively identifying opportunities to expand Congressman Horsford’s local
and national media profile and working closely with the Congressional Black
Caucus, the House Labor Caucus, and other affiliated caucuses on shared
priorities.
•Pitching stories to local and national press and planning press conferences, press
calls, and other press events.
•Developing a strategic plan and budget for all communications programs.
•Designing and implementing a creative digital communications program,
including both paid advertising and organic social media. The Communications
Director will also be responsible for keeping the Congressman’s website up-todate.
•Overseeing franked communications and a robust 499 program.
This is not an entry-level position, and candidates must have previous press
experience on or off Capitol Hill. Strong oral and written communications skills
are required. Prior experience managing franked communications is a plus.
The ideal candidate must be collaborative, creative, energetic, detail-oriented,
able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fastpaced and demanding setting.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
Page 24 of 30

apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Experience with video editing and graphic design is also a plus and Nevada ties a
plus.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three writing samples, and three
professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-206-22

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and
Memorial Affairs, House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Disability
Assistance and Memorial Affairs
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
•Must be able to pass a Public Trust Background Investigation;
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Attention to detail.
DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with full Committee hearings on matters within Subcommittee
jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
•Reviewing the Congressional Record, Federal Register, House Calendar, and
other publications for matters of interest to subcommittee Members and staff;
Page 25 of 30

•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Minority agenda, briefing of Members, and
development of questions;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Drafting remarks for Ranking Member and suggested questions for hearing;
•Preparation of memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee Ranking
Members on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Ranking
Member, Staff Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee
staff, as needed.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send résumés and cover letter only to the following email address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “DAMA Republican
Research Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-204-22

The Democratic staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a Staff Assistant.
Candidates should have excellent organizational skills and strong research,
writing, and communication skills.
Responsibilities include overseeing Committee hearing and markup logistics -which often include being physically present; serving as assistant clerk during
markups; providing administrative and research support to the Staff Director,
Deputy Staff Director/Senior Advisor, and Deputy Staff Director/Chief Counsel;
coordinating the Deputy Staff Director/Chief Counsel’s calendar and the
Committee’s calendar; co-managing the intern program; and managing
Committee administrative needs.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and include
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-203-22

Scheduler & Office Manager – Congressman Glenn “GT” Thompson
The office of Congressman Glenn "GT" Thompson (PA-15), Ranking Member of
the House Agriculture Committee, is seeking a highly motivated, detail-oriented,
and energetic individual with excellent organizational, oral, and written
Page 26 of 30

communications skills to serve as Scheduler & Office Manager in the
Washington, D.C. office.
This is not an entry-level position. Viable candidates will have at minimum three
years of prior scheduling or executive assistant experience.
Responsibilities include managing the Member's D.C. schedule, correspondence,
travel, financial record keeping, staff and Member receipts for reimbursement,
and aiding the Chief of Staff with various administrative duties.
Strong organizational skills are essential, along with the ability to be a self-starter
while working in a fast-paced environment. Candidates should be team-oriented
and have the ability to multi-task. Pennsylvania ties, prior Capitol Hill
experience, and a sense of humor are preferred, but not required.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter and resume via email
to Renee.Gamela@mail.house.gov with "Scheduler" in the subject line. No walkins or calls please.
MEM-202-22

The Office of the Parliamentarian in the U.S. House of Representatives seeks a
Systems Administrator.
Core functions of the position include:
-maintaining and managing all office computers, servers, and associated
equipment and software;
-maintaining and managing other office communications technology, including
cell phones and tablets;
-serving as a liaison between the office and House Information Resources;
-serving as principal contact for office staff and for outside vendors with respect
to database issues;
-SQL database maintenance, including uploading and storing files, batch
processing of data, and coordinating with the office as needed to export material
from the database to aid in publications work;
-ensuring all electronic devices and files are maintained in a secure manner;
-managing procurement of information technology for the office; and
-coordinating with outside vendors and the Government Publishing Office as
needed.
The Systems Administrator will assist the Office of the Parliamentarian in
traditional IT areas as well as in some aspects of digital publication.
Candidates must have:
-a degree in computer science or a related field;
-strong academic credentials;
-thorough knowledge of Microsoft Excel, XMetaL, SQL, and other current
computer software and applications;
Page 27 of 30

-the ability communicate with industry peers;
-superior attention to detail;
-a desire to work in a fast-paced environment; and
-the ability to work on a flexible schedule.
Prior experience in the legislative branch is strongly preferred. Please note that
while many aspects of this position may be performed remotely, some cannot.
Accordingly, the position requires physical presence in the U.S. Capitol building
on a regular basis.
Applicants may e-mail a resume and cover letter using the word "resume" in the
subject to Mr. Jason Smith, Parliamentarian, at jason.smith@mail.house.gov.
MEM-200-22

The Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. (NC-12) seeks a Staff
Assistant for the Washington, DC office.
Duties will include:
•Managing the front office, answering phones, greeting visitors, scheduling tours,
processing constituent requests and incoming mail, and managing a robust intern
program.
•Assisting the Legislative Correspondent in sorting and batching correspondence,
as well as drafting routine responses.
•Other duties as assigned, including assisting staff on special projects.
Candidates should have superior time management skills, work well under time
constraints, and have excellent communication skills. Multi-tasking, enthusiasm,
good sense of humor, and keen attention to detail are necessary. North Carolina
ties are a plus but not required.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two brief writing
samples along with three references to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov.
Please use STAFF ASSISTANT in the subject line when submitting your
materials. The office is an equal opportunity employer.

MEM-149-22

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active and
visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework distribution;
answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings, condolences and
congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities may also include
casework assignments if the District Director finds that the staff assistant can take
on such work while paying the required attention to his/her already assigned
tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting, training,
scheduling and assigning duties.
Page 28 of 30

The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move
immediately to D.C., if hired.
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
MEM-069-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks a Press Media
Secretary based in the DC office to work closely with the Communications
Director, based in the district office to develop and execute the Congressman’s
communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and Means, Armed
Services, and Budget committees.
The Press Media Secretary must be and stay up to date with the latest digital,
technical, and social media trends. Able to express the Congressman's voice
creatively and promote social media presence, ensuring high web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines. This position serves as a
part of the Communications team and reports directly to the Director of
Communications based in the district, however, this person will be the main point
of contact in the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
• Acts as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Managing the Congressman’s social media platforms, developing a weekly
content calendar, and drafting rapid response content during breaking news
moments.
• Maintaining the Congressman’s website and drafting new website content
covering key policy issues.
• Preparing daily press clip summaries and monitoring the Congressman’s media
mentions.
• Writing a weekly newsletter, creating digital ads, and participating in other
efforts to keep constituents of Nevada’s Fourth District informed about the work
of a busy Congressional office.
• Helping to plan and staff communications-focused events for the Congressman,
both in-district and in Washington D.C.
• Writing short-form speeches and video scripts and preparing video clips of the
Congressman for public distribution.
• Building relationships with allies and online influencers to amplify

Page 29 of 30

Congressman Horsford’s digital message and expand his online reach.
• Perform all other duties as required
The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work closely with
legislative and district staff. The ideal candidate will have experience in or
interest in learning about aspects of the office’s traditional press operations,
including writing press releases, drafting talking points and speeches, forming
relationships with members of the media, and pitching stories.
This is an ideal position for someone with 1-2 years of communications or digital
experience. Applicants must be passionate about public service, well-organized,
and have the ability to work on weekends and holidays when necessary.
Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other
languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply. Experience
with video editing and graphic design is also a plus. Nevada ties are a plus, but
not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, three writing samples, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Press/Media Secretary” in the subject
line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.

Page 30 of 30

