House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 23, 2019

MEM-460-19

The Office of Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Seeks Staff
Assistant in DC Office. Responsibilities include welcoming office visitors;
processing flag and tour requests; organizing Member correspondence and
incoming mail and phone messages; logging constituent mail and working
with the Legislative Correspondent to respond to inquiries; managing and
executing the intern program; staffing and driving the Member to events and
other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate will have a solution-oriented personality, a great sense of
humor, and the ability to manage a vast but essential portfolio.
Prior congressional experience, familiarity with Fireside, Spanish language
skills, and ties to New York's 14th Congressional District are strongly
preferred.
All applicants must fill out our online application. Please click here
airtable.com/shrE5NCa1g1PR5pXC to access the form!
Submission deadline: Friday, September 27th at 5PM
Salary: $52,000 per year

MEM-458-19

Member of Congress seeks an energetic and self-motivated individual to serve
as a District Representative in an active Congressional district office. Duties
Page 1 of 12

include representing the Member of Congress in the community, maintaining
positive relationships with constituents, other local elected officials, and
business and community leaders and organizations. Additionally, this
individual is responsible for handling constituent casework in their assigned
issue areas, which includes answering casework correspondence, meeting
with constituents, communicating with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal and local agencies.
Candidates must be able to work quickly in a high pressure environment,
meet very tight deadlines, and have exceptional writing and organizational
skills. Fluency in Spanish and Southern California ties are a plus but not
required. Must be available, as necessary, to work evenings and/or weekend
hours.
Please send cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to: Nina
Moussavi, District Director, Nina.Moussavi@mail.house.gov.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will
receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion,
sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or
protected veteran status.
MEM-457-19

Financial Disclosure Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on
Ethics seeks an attorney for the position of counsel in the Financial Disclosure
office. The Committee’s financial disclosure counsel are responsible for
reviewing financial statements and providing legal advice on a high volume
of financial disclosure issues, education and training to Members of Congress
and their staff through frequent telephone calls, in-person meetings, and
written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members
of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates
must possess outstanding analytical and written and oral communication
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive
matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the
following areas is desirable: government ethics, ethics counseling,
accounting, auditing, investment management, taxation, corporate finance,
and securities law.
Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and
short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase
“FD Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-456-19

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a high-energy, highlyorganized, and detail-oriented District Staff Member for his offices in
Gaithersburg and Frederick, MD.
Page 2 of 12

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
●Serve as the official representative for the Member in the community.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships
for the Member.
●Monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
issues of importance.
●Staff and provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and
events for the Member.
●Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
●Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
●Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
QUALIFICATIONS:
●Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
●Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
●Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
●Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
●Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
●Strong oral and written communication skills.
●Thorough knowledge of legislative process.
●Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
●Maryland ties are a plus.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to md06.jobs@gmail.com
with “District Staff” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk ins.
MEM-451-19

The House Judiciary Committee Democratic Staff seeks a Parliamentarian
to advise the Chairman during Judiciary Committee proceedings.
Responsibilities include assisting in all aspects of preparation for Committee
hearings and markups; staffing hearings and serving as a resource to all
Members of the Committee; ensuring all legislative materials for markups and
floor consideration are properly prepared and comply with House rules and
procedures; and working closely with the Chief Clerk to ensure all notice
deadlines and reporting requirements are met.
Qualified candidates must have a detailed understanding of House rules and
procedures; excellent written and oral communication skills; exceptional
organizational skills; a proven ability to perform under pressure; and sound
judgment.
Page 3 of 12

The Judiciary Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff,
and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Qualified
candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and writing sample to
Job.Jdem@mail.house.gov. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-450-19

Deputy Press Secretary-The House Judiciary Committee Democratic Staff
seeks a motivated and hardworking communications professional to join a
fast-paced communications team to help manage communications for the full
committee and subcommittees.
Responsibilities include drafting communications materials (news releases,
statements, talking points, etc.); managing public notices for the Committee
and Subcommittee’s work, helping with press inquiries; maintaining media
directories of reporters who cover the committee; and coordinating with the
Committee’s communications team and staff of committee members.
Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral communication
skills; the ability to comprehend and summarize complex legislation quickly;
a proven ability to perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks; and
sound political judgment. Candidates should have at least 2 years of relevant
experience. Prior Hill or campaign experience, as well as familiarity with
immigration issues is preferred.
The Judiciary Committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff,
and candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Qualified
candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and three writing samples to
Job.Jdem@mail.house.gov. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-448-19

Lead Orange County District Representative for California’s 49th
Congressional District
Description: The staffer in this position is responsible for running the
Congressman’s Orange County office and leading all Orange County efforts
for the district. Among other duties, this team member represents the Member
of Congress during local meetings and events and acts as a liaison between
the Member of Congress and his constituents and federal, district, and local
agencies. Responsibilities include: constituent casework; planning and
staffing in-district events, meetings, and site visits; and working closely with
the Oceanside District Office and Washington, DC staff on local and assigned
policy issues and areas.
Qualifications: Applicants should have a thorough knowledge of California’s
49th district (particularly the Orange County portion), a positive, serviceoriented attitude, strong organizational skills, proficiency at prioritizing and
managing multiple projects at one time, a capacity to work both
Page 4 of 12

independently and as part of a team, and strong written and oral
communications. Preference may be given to residents of the 49th District.
We are an equal opportunity employer and encourage all qualified applicants
to apply, including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA
community.
To Apply: Please send resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
ca49.applications@mail.house.gov
MEM-444-19

Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) seeks an organized, passionate, teamoriented Staff Assistant for the Washington DC office. Responsibilities
include: managing the front office, coordinating tour and flag requests,
overseeing the DC internship program, and providing additional office
support as needed. While this is an entry-level position, candidates should
have excellent oral and written communication skills, great attention to detail,
strong time management skills, and a desire to work collaboratively.
Washington State ties are preferred.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and references to
Heck.Resumes@mail.house.gov using “Staff Assistant” and their name in the
subject line. Please no drop-ins or calls.
The office is an equal opportunity employer. Veterans, women, and minority
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.

MEM-444-19

The office of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard seeks a district based Field
Representative/Caseworker in Honolulu, HI with strong organizational and
communication skills.
Responsibilities include helping constituents navigate the services provided
by the federal government when they need assistance. This position manages
constituent casework, participates in community projects and events.
Responsibilities also include monitoring and updating the Congresswoman
and Chief of Staff on district and local issues. This person acts as a liaison to
community groups for the local Hawaii office.
We are seeking applicants to join our fun, team-oriented, hard-working office.
The ideal candidate will possess a can-do attitude and will be solutions
oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter and will
possess the capacity to produce high quality work on short deadlines. He or
she will also have a demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with
colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work environment.
This is not an entry level position. The selected applicant with be expected to
operate in a fast-paced office and requires dedication, close attention to detail
Page 5 of 12

and the ability to think outside the box. Non-traditional work hours,
occasional travel are required. Veteran applications are welcome!
Please do not call or drop in to the office, qualified applicants may email a
cover letter, resume and two writing samples with “Caseworker” in the email
title to: hi02jobs@gmail.com
MEM-442-19

Congressman Denny Heck (WA-10) seeks an experienced Military
Legislative Assistant to manage his work on the House Permanent Select
Committee on Intelligence and oversee a portfolio including defense,
veterans, and related appropriations. This portfolio is subject to change. This
is not an entry-level position. Strong knowledge of defense issues, the NDAA
process, and a minimum of two years of substantive legislative experience are
required.
Candidates should be team-oriented and share a passion for constituent
services. Excellent writing and verbal communication skills are essential.
Preference will be given to candidates with an active TS security clearance
and Washington State ties.
Responsibilities include drafting hearing statements and questions, working
with committee staff, developing legislation, providing vote recommendations
and cultivating relationships with organizations, constituents, and other
stakeholders including Joint Base Lewis-McChord.
The office considers all applicants without regard to race, color, national
origin, religion, sex, gender identity, disability or age. Veterans, women and
minority candidates are encouraged to apply.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and references to
Heck.Resumes@mail.house.gov using “MLA” and their name in the subject
line. Please no drop-ins or calls.

MEM-440-19

The Office of Congressman TJ Cox is seeking a full time Press Secretary
including additional responsibilities supporting the office mail program. An
ideal candidate should be an excellent writer in English and Spanish, and will
be responsible for drafting press releases, speeches, and social media content;
handling press inquiries; editing audio and video; and helping with creative
messaging projects. Mail program responsibilities include supporting the
legislative correspondent in drafting materials for office’s mail program with
a quick turnaround, researching legislative issues, and drafting constituent
correspondence.
Ideal candidates should be highly organized, an excellent writer, energetic, a
team player capable of thriving in a fast-paced and rapidly changing
environment and have an understanding of the legislative process. Since the
Page 6 of 12

role is significantly focused on communications, an ideal candidate will also
have an interest in generating creative outlets for communicating to the
Central Valley of California and moving up in the communications world.
California ties and Hill experience are preferred; bilingual in Spanish a
requirement.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and writing samples
to this form: http://bit.ly/TJC_PressSec by 9/30. Direct questions to
CA21hiring@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
national origin, citizenship status, religion, age, disability status, veteran
status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Bilingual in Spanish – strong Spanish writing skills;
•Familiarity in using cloud-based tools to organize important information;
•Knowledge of the legislative process;
•Knowledge of the office procedures that apply to legislative correspondents;
•Strong organizational, research, writing and communication skills;
•Thoroughness and attention to detail;
•Ability to perform essential job functions above;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Knowledge of office computer applications; and
•Proficiency in word processing
MEM-437-19

The Office of Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA34) seeks an organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant and Driver for the Washington DC
office. Responsibilities include: managing the front office, coordinating tour
and flag requests, managing DC internship program, driving the Congressman
to and from events, and providing additional office support as needed. While
this is an entry-level position, candidates should have excellent oral and
written communication skills, great attention to detail, strong time
management skills, and an ability to work under pressure to meet tight
deadlines. A valid driver’s license, daily access to an automobile and a good
driving record are a necessity.
Please send resume and two writing samples to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov
with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please. Equal
Employment Opportunity Employer.

MEM-436-19

The Office of Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA34) seeks an organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for the Los Angeles office.
Responsibilities include: managing the front office, coordinating tour and flag
Page 7 of 12

requests, managing LA internship program, and providing additional office
support as needed. While this is an entry-level position, candidates should
have excellent oral and written communication skills, great attention to detail,
strong time management skills, and an ability to work under pressure to meet
tight deadlines.
Please send resume and two writing samples to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov
with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please. Equal
Employment Opportunity Employer.
MEM-435-19

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07),
Co-Chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, seeks an experienced and
enthusiastic Legislative Assistant to cover her work on the House Judiciary
Committee, including immigration, constitutional issues, criminal justice, and
civil rights and civil liberties. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of
experience, ideally 2-3 on the Hill, as well as a solid grasp of House
procedures and a deep understanding of immigration policy. This is not an
entry level position. Candidates with graduate training in law, public policy,
or social science are preferred.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements
and legislative memos, and preparing briefing materials.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color, new
Americans, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, and members of
other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. State
and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
and references. Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-429-19

The House Rules Committee Majority is looking for a talented, creative, and
motivated Social Media Manager to join a proactive communications team.
Responsibilities include crafting social media posts; designing graphics, GIFs,
videos, and other web content; monitoring the committee’s digital channels;
updating the website; and compiling daily press clips.
Candidates will ideally have at least 1 year of digital experience, preferably
on a campaign or on Capitol Hill, as well as excellent writing and
organizational skills and the ability to work under tight deadlines. Experience
designing graphics and editing photos and video is required. Fluency in
Adobe Creative Suite is preferred.

Page 8 of 12

Must be comfortable working collaboratively to execute a broad
communications strategy. This position reports to the Communications
Director. The office is an equal opportunity employer and diverse candidates,
those with untraditional backgrounds, women, and LGBTQ persons are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, writing sample, and three social
content/graphic design samples to DemRules.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
“Social Media Manager” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-bys,
please.
MEM-428-19

Email: cademhouseoffice@gmail.com
Position Available: Senior Staff
Office/Location: California
Closing Date: Until filled
Salary Level/Range: Commensurate with experience
Proposed Starting Date: Immediate
Job Summary:
Qualified candidates should have a minimum of 2 years’ experience
managing a team, possess excellent oral and written communications skills,
highly organized, meet deadlines, and manage multiple projects. A flexible
schedule and ability to travel throughout the district is required.
Equal opportunity employer.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to cademhouseoffice@gmail.com please include Senior Staff in the subject
line.

MEM-426-19

Investigator (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced investigative professional for an investigator position. The
Committee’s investigator is responsible for assisting the Committee in all
aspects of its investigative work, including researching and reviewing public
data sources, forensic research, document review, data collection and
analysis, preparing for and participating in witness interviews, and drafting
and editing Committee documents.
This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to assist with
impartial investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding organizational, research, and analytical
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive
matters that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the
following areas is desirable: government ethics, criminal law, civil litigation,
administrative investigations and adjudications, depositions, or financial
accounting. Experience with document review/management platforms and/or
online research services (Lexis/Nexis, Westlaw, CLEAR) also preferred.

Page 9 of 12

Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover letter, and
a short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the
phrase “Investigator” in the subject line.
MEM-425-19

Midwest Republican Member is seeking an experienced Communications
Director to implement a strategic media plan in a fast-paced and resultsdriven environment. Candidates should have experience with the various
media tools available, including: social media, video creation, website, enewsletters and surveys, talking points/speechwriting, press releases, on-therecord experience and interview prep, and op-ed preparation.
This is not an entry level position. Qualified applicants should send submit
their resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
communicationsdirectoropening@gmail.com

MEM-423-19

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced, creative and highly motivated Communications Director to
serve on the Congresswoman’s senior team.
The Communications Director will:
• Serve as the primary spokesperson for the Congresswoman;
• Develop and maintain strong relationships with reporters, editors, producers,
bookers and social media influencers;
• Proactively engage in media outreach, including pitching and fielding press
inquiries;
• Manage the development of press releases, speeches and op-eds;
• Oversee an ambitious digital communications program;
• Supervise a Press Secretary and Digital Strategist;
• Prepare and staff the Congresswoman for press events and interviews; and
• Work collaboratively with the District Office to ensure strong local media
engagement.
The ideal candidate will be a strong writer and seasoned manager who can
think strategically, work collaboratively, and manage an ambitious
communications program in a fast-paced setting under tight deadlines. This is
a senior position, and will be compensated accordingly.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
three writing samples (including one speech) and three references.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with
“Communications Director” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

Page 10 of 12

MEM-422-19

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff (majority)
seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly-organized staff assistant for fastpaced committee office.
Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front office such as
receptionist duties, answering phones, greeting visitors, ensuring that office
and meeting rooms are kept in order; supporting staff in preparations for
committee events such as hearings, markups, meetings, and events; delivering
documents and obtaining signatures on letters; training and supervising
interns; handling and sorting incoming mail, maintaining both digital and
paper records and files, maintaining office supplies and mastering basic
equipment operations; assisting other staff with research, work product, web
content, special projects, and other duties as assigned.
Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, attention to detail, professionalism, superior time management skills,
and an ability to work collaboratively. Hill experience preferred but not
required. Please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to
ecdjobs@mail.house.gov

MEM-419-19

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks a
bilingual English/Spanish speaker who is an energetic, organized, creative,
self-starter to join the District Office of her very active and visible constituent
services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent
issues and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events
in the Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the
Member’s work. Importantly, constituent services staff also assist with
neighborhood events and visits community groups in the district.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the
problems of constituents and in handling multiple tasks and issues effectively
while making sure federal agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring
our office responds promptly to constituent requests and concerns while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be able to communicate
fluently in Spanish and English, work independently, and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community
or casework experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the
public, excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge
or strong interest in the District of Columbia and its local government.
Candidate must possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a
resident of the District of Columbia.

Page 11 of 12

Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples
and references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov
MEM-419-19

Senior Democratic Member seeks Policy Advisor to serve in personal office
and on Committee staff. Position will develop and implement legislative
initiatives, conduct oversight and investigations, write floor speeches and
committee statements, and handle meetings with constituents and interest
groups on behalf of Member.
Portfolio will include financial services, housing, education, small business
and tax issues. Prior Hill experience is strongly preferred. Law degree is
strongly preferred but will consider other advanced degrees with significant
Hill experience.
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume with the words “Policy
Advisor” in the subject line to job_09@live.com. Please paste your cover
letter in the body of the email – do not send letter as an attachment.

MEM-252-19

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative counsel to join our Washington, DC-based policy
team.
The legislative counsel will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. The person will
be expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative counsel applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

Page 12 of 12

