House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 27, 2016

MEM-189-16

The press office of Rules Committee Ranking Member Louise Slaughter
(NY-25) is looking for talented candidates with a passion for public policy
messaging, strong writing and communications skills, and the ability to work
collaboratively.
The ideal candidate:
• Has Capitol Hill and campaign experience
• Writes beautiful speeches with historical references
• Is an expert social media manager with attention to detail
• Enjoys making info graphics during lunch breaks
• Does not offend easily during the editing process
• Likes staying up late and waking up early
• Loves Rochester, NY and the Rules Committee
Applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to
employ@mail.house.gov.

Page 1 of 5

MEM-184-16

A Senior Member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee is seeking a
skilled and experienced Legislative Assistant to handle foreign policy and
related issues. Candidates should have relevant Capitol Hill experience,
excellent communications skills, and a background in foreign policy and/or an
advanced degree. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover
letter to ForeignAffairsLA@gmail.com.

MEM-183-16

California Republican seeks qualified Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent for Washington, DC office. Duties include management of
constituent correspondence program, flag requests, tour coordinating, and
general administrative duties. Applicants must demonstrate excellent writing
and research ability, be self-starters, energetic, and have strong organizational
and time management skills. Please send resume, cover letter, and short
writing sample to CARepublicanjobs@gmail.com.

MEM-182-16

Senior House Democrat seeks experienced individual to handle all facets of
the member’s Washington, D.C. schedule as well as staffing the reception
area. Scheduler responsibilities include managing heavy volume of meeting,
speaking and traveling requests, provide transportation (which can include
late evenings), manage personal correspondence, greeting visitors and
answering phones. Qualified applicants must be detail oriented, able to work
in a fast-paced environment and possess excellent oral and written
communication skills. Spanish fluency a plus. Salary commensurate with
experience. Please send cover letter and resume to:
one_vacancy@yahoo.com.

MEM-179-16

The office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
hard-working communications director to join our Washington, DC-based
team.
The communications director will be responsible for coordinating with the
legislative team and member to develop and implement all communications
activities for the office, including acting as the member's spokesperson and
drafting op-eds, speeches, press releases, and newsletters.
The successful applicant will be an excellent writer and editor, clear thinker,
and persuasive advocate for individual liberty, economic freedom, and the
Constitution. He or she must demonstrate a breadth of policy knowledge,
familiarity with the legislative process, and the ability to exercise sound,
independent judgment. Individuals who prefer staid and steady work or who
avoid challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable
elsewhere.
Applicants must be libertarian (classical liberal and constitutional
conservative), have a BA or equivalent, and have at least two years of
professional experience. Hill experience is not required.
Page 2 of 5

To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "communications director applicant"
in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
MEM-175-16

Progressive Democrat seeks a candidate for the position of Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent. Duties include greeting visitors,
processing flag and tour requests, and management of an active constituent
correspondence program with short turnaround times. Candidates should have
excellent writing and research skills, be self-starters, be energetic, and have
strong organizational and time management skills. Please send resume, cover
letter, and short writing sample to ProgressiveHouseDemocrat@gmail.com.

MEM-168-16

California Democrat is seeking an exceptionally organized and hard-working
scheduler to develop and maintain Member’s DC and district schedule.
The ideal candidate will have excellent attention to detail while working in a
fast-paced environment, exhibit good judgement, have a positive attitude, and
work well in a team environment. Additional responsibilities include:
planning domestic and international travel logistics, assisting with the
Member’s personal correspondence, maintaining office records, and other
projects as assigned by the Member and/or Chief of Staff.
This is not an entry level position and previous scheduling experience is
preferred. Salary commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should
submit a cover letter and resume to ca07jobs@gmail.com.

MEM-167-16

Seeking a Communications Director to develop and implement aggressive
communications strategy with local and national media. Ideal applicant is a
quick and clean writer, detail-oriented, able to juggle numerous tasks
successfully and best under tight deadlines. Responsibilities include writing
press releases, speeches, op-eds, talking points, franked mail pieces and
newsletters; coordinating interviews with reporters, setting up press events
and press conferences, developing relationships with the media; implementing
district outreach activities (as it relates to press); responding to media
inquiries and coordinating the office’s online and social media operations.
Requires strong written and oral communication skills, creativity, and the
ability to work well with legislative and district office staff. An ideal
candidate will possess a minimum of 3-5 years of communications
experience, a demonstrated understanding of federal politics and policy and a
desire to work in a fast-paced and fluid environment. Bilingual a plus. Valid
driver’s license desired. Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is
required.

Page 3 of 5

Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.
Please be sure to put COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR in the subject line.
PLEASE NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
MEM-166-16

Bay Area legislative office seeking District Scheduler / Office Manager:
Responsibilities include coordinating the legislator’s California schedule by
making travel and meeting arrangements while anticipating and responding to
day-to-day developments; serving as the office's primary point of contact for
constituents, elected officials, and nonprofit and advocacy organizations
seeking meetings in the district; coordinating with staff (including field,
legislative, press, and campaign) to identify schedule priorities, and then
working proactively to make short- and long-term decisions to implement
plans; working directly with the district director, the legislator, and his family,
on logistics for work, travel, and personal matters. Also responsible for
assisting the Capitol office and District Director on maintaining financial and
expense records, and with various administrative duties. Opportunities for
additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and abilities. A
successful candidate will be highly organized, detail oriented, possess strong
writing skills, have experience working in a fast-paced office, and the ability
to maintain a professional, flexible, and cheerful demeanor while managing
multiple and competing tasks and projects. Please send cover letter and
resume to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov.

MEM-164-16

New England Democrat and member of the House Veterans’ Affairs
Committee seeks legislative assistant for Washington office. Applicants
should possess excellent writing skills, energy, enthusiasm, attention to detail,
the ability to work in a fast-paced team environment, and a good sense of
humor. Legislative portfolio includes, but is not limited to, work on Veterans’
Affairs Committee issues, healthcare, and defense. Previous experience in
veterans or health care policy is required. Responsibilities include developing
proactive legislative initiatives, tracking legislation, drafting correspondence
and statements, and representing the Member in meetings. New England ties
preferred and veterans strongly encouraged to apply. Applicants should send
cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov.
No phone calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-162-16

Congresswoman Dina Titus of Nevada seeks a Veteran Affairs
Caseworker/Field Representative for her Las Vegas District Office.
Successful candidates will have previous experience in social work,
familiarity with federal agencies, excellent written and oral communication
skills, be team-oriented, and comfortable working both independently and as
part of a team. Strong knowledge or connection with Nevada’s First
Congressional District is a plus. Availability for evening and weekend
assignments is required. Interested candidates should send their resume and
Page 4 of 5

cover letter to Mike.Naft@mail.house.gov. Please write “Caseworker” in the
subject line of your email message.
MEM-161-16

California Democrat is seeking a highly organized, hard-working executive
assistant/scheduler to develop and maintain Member’s official schedule both
short and long term, and to organize domestic and international travel
logistics. This position also works closely with the chief of staff on
administrative duties.
A successful candidate will have excellent written and oral communications
skills and attention to detail, exhibit good judgement, efficiently problem
solve, possess a positive attitude, work well in a team environment, and have
a good sense of humor. Previous scheduling experience preferred. Office is an
equal opportunity employer. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and writing sample
cademocrat.scheduler@gmail.com.

MEM-157-16

Senior Democratic Member seeks an energetic, detail-oriented individual with
excellent oral and written communication skills for the position of Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent in his busy Washington office. Daily
tasks include greeting visitors, processing flag and tour requests, training and
supervising interns, and providing support to the congressman and legislative
staff. Legislative Correspondent responsibilities include management of an
active constituent correspondence program, which includes monitoring the
flow of incoming and outgoing mail and responding to mail and email in both
form and individual letters in a timely manner. Candidates should have
excellent writing, editing and multi-tasking skills, possess patience and a good
sense of humor, strong communication skills, sharp attention to detail, the
ability to work well with others, and good time management skills.
Experience with the Intranet Quorum database and Microsoft Office desired.
Knowledge of or ties to Georgia are a plus but not required. Please send
resume and cover letter to COStoCHJ@gmail.com. Please absolutely no
phone calls or drop-ins.

Page 5 of 5

