________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of November 1, 2021

MEM-480-21

The office of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz is seeking a Senior
Legislative Assistant and Appropriations Associate to manage the
Congresswoman’s Appropriations Committee work and handle legislative issues
related to energy, environment, transportation, agriculture, space/science, and
disaster response, as well as other related issues.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, advising the Member on all
matters in the issue portfolio; developing appropriations priorities and working
with the Appropriations Committee to secure the Member’s priorities in spending
bills; developing policy proposals and legislation; drafting vote
recommendations, talking points, hearing questions, and speeches for related
floor and committee proceedings; staffing the Member in committee hearings and
markups; and representing the Member during meetings with constituents,
stakeholders, and agency officials.
The ideal candidate must have previous work experience with the congressional
appropriations process and the aforementioned legislative issue areas, excellent
written and verbal communication skills, and an eagerness to work for a senior
appropriator in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Prior experience advising
a Member of Congress and advancing policy proposals is required. Florida ties
are a plus.
Interested parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume
Page 1 of 19

to FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Senior Legislative
Assistant”.
Please save the cover letter and resume in a single file (PDF preferred) and name
the file “Last name, First name.” This office is an equal opportunity employer;
we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability,
national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or
expression.
Application materials must be received by 5:00 p.m. ET on November 15, 2021.
MEM-478-21

SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Congressman Mark Pocan (WI-02),
member of both the House Appropriations and Education & Labor Committees,
is seeking an experienced and enthusiastic Senior Legislative Assistant.
Ideal candidate will have at minimum 2 years of Hill experience as a Legislative
Assistant (or similar equivalent), a good understanding of House procedures, an
understanding of developing and tracking legislative initiatives and political
awareness. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements,
legislative memos, constituent correspondence and preparing briefing materials.
A sense of humor is greatly appreciated.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Senior Legislative Assistant” in
the Subject Line. Job opening closes COB on Wednesday, November 17th. No
phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.

MEM-476-21

U.S. Representative Brenda Lawrence (MI-14) seeks a Constituent Service
Representative/Caseworker for her Michigan District Office in a full-time
capacity. Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume and cover
letter to MI14District@gmail.com by Friday, November 5th.
The Constituent Service Representative/Caseworker plays an important role by
serving as the Member’s community representative for issues and programs
within their assigned portfolio, and will monitor and update the Member and
District Director on important local issues, emerging trends, and critical
developments.

Page 2 of 19

They will also serve as a liaison to federal, state, and local government entities on
behalf of the Member’s constituents.
Successful candidates will have strong interpersonal skills and be able to
maintain composure and professionalism while fulfilling their responsibilities.
The ideal applicant will be team oriented with strong organizational and problemsolving skills, and demonstrable written and verbal communication skills, and a
deep commitment to public service.
Qualified candidates should have a bachelor’s degree, previous experience
working with government agencies, and a demonstrated interest in public service.
Familiarity with Michigan’s 14th Congressional District and ties to Oakland
County are a plus. Proficiency with a foreign language is preferred, but not
required.
The Office of Congresswoman Brenda L. Lawrence is an equal opportunity
employer, and all applicants will be considered without regard to race, color,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-475-21

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for
the Washington office. The scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's
daily and long-term schedule in DC and in the District.
The ideal candidate should be well-organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, and
able to work effectively in a fast-paced office. Prior scheduling experience on the
Hill or comparable work environment is preferred.
Responsibilities include tracking, evaluating, and responding to invitations and
scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; assisting with
budgeting; vouchering invoices for payment; and office management.
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter
to schedulerjobdc@yahoo.com

MEM-474-21

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a Legislative Assistant for his
Washington D.C. office.
The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for drafting and monitoring
legislation, preparing materials for committee hearings and markups, representing
the Member in meetings/briefings, working with constituent organizations, and
performing other tasks as assigned.
The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of the legislative process,
excellent writing and communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to work
effectively in a fast-paced office.
Page 3 of 19

Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to genleg2024@gmail.com
MEM-470-21

The Office of Congressman Jimmy Gomez (CA34) seeks an organized,
passionate, team-oriented Staff Assistant for the Los Angeles office.
Responsibilities include: managing the front office, coordinating tour and flag
requests, managing LA internship program, supporting the work of casework
staff and providing additional office support as needed. While this is an entrylevel position, candidates should have excellent oral and written communication
skills, great attention to detail, strong time management skills, an ability to work
under pressure to meet tight deadlines, and a sense of humor. Fluency in Spanish
is a benefit but not required.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples in a
PDF format to Gomez.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Last Name _
SA.”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-469-21

Rep. Seth Moulton is hiring a Communications Director.
Key Responsibilities:
The Communications Director is the on-the-record spokesperson and principal
advisor on national and local communications strategy. The person hired for this
role will report to the Chief of Staff and the Congressman and manage an
aggressive, proactive communications shop.
The incumbent writes press releases, talking points, statements, and newsletters;
provides quarterly media training and gives regular, direct feedback to the
member of Congress; cultivates and maintains personal relationships with
members of the local, state, and national press and strategic partners; manages a
social media team; proactively conceptualizes, drafts, pitches, and places op-eds;
and books and manages television, digital and print interviews.
Team Moulton is built around six core values: courage, empathy, authenticity,
action, transparency, and growth. This opportunity is a chance to serve as a
member of the office’s senior leadership which is responsible for building and
guiding a tight-knit, hardworking team driven by a commitment to service.
Key Qualifications:
The person who fills the role should be a creative thinker who thrives under the
Page 4 of 19

pressure of tight deadlines and breaking news. This person should be skilled at
building and implementing long-term executive thought leadership strategies.
Candidates should be comfortable with ever-shifting vote schedules and
deadlines; be detail orientated; and willing to work varied and unpredictable
hours that often change with the news cycle and routinely include fielding press
inquiries after hours and on weekends.
The successful candidate will have a dedication to public service and an
appreciation for the work of the office’s legislative and award-winning
constituent service team.
The successful candidate will have:
•Significant professional experience in public relations, journalism, public affairs
or political communications
•Experience managing a small team
•A history of providing media training and communications advice to an
executive
•A professional track record of successfully creating and implementing
communications strategies that span several media
•Strong journalistic writing skills and experience with AP Style
•An interest in legislative politics
•Experience planning press conferences and events that generate news
•Experience managing a budget
•Demonstrated ability to assess news value
•Experience or an interest in mentoring and developing high-performing junior
staff
•An interest in foreign policy and national security, transportation, and mental
health issues is helpful
•The ability to travel to Washington, DC or the Congressman’s district when it is
safe to do so (pre-pandemic, the incumbent traveled about three times per
quarter).
This position is open to applicants willing to live or relocate to either
Washington, DC or the Congressman’s idyllic district which spans the North
Shore and Merrimack Valley in Massachusetts.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, people of color, veterans, and LGBTQ+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit cover letter, resume, a writing samples and
two references to: ma06.resumes@mail.house.gov by 5pm on Friday, November
5.”

Page 5 of 19

MEM-459-21

Director of Advice and Education (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on
Ethics seeks an experienced government ethics attorney to serve as the Director
of Advice and Education for the Committee.
The Director will oversee the Committee’s Office of Advice and Education and
will manage a nonpartisan staff of attorneys and other professionals which is
responsible for providing a high volume of ethics advice, education, and training
to Members of Congress and their staff through frequent telephone calls, inperson meetings, and written work product.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess a minimum of 5 years of experience with government ethics, outstanding
analytical and written and oral communication skills, the ability to build
consensus, and the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is also desirable: ethics
counseling and training, criminal law, securities law, and familiarity with
Congress and its unique institutional prerogatives. Previous management
experience preferred. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Director of Advice and
Education” in the subject line.

MEM-456-21

The Office of Congressman Jamaal Bowman (NY-16) is seeking a talented,
motivated Communications Director to be based in our DC office. The
Communications Director reports directly to the Chief of Staff and Congressman.
The Communications Director manages a small team of communications staff.
Previous management experience is preferred.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
• Managing and overseeing the day-to-day operations of the communications
team
• Fielding interview requests and actively seeking out interview opportunities
• Drafting and editing press releases, op-eds, newsletters, talking points, mailers,
speeches, social media content
• Preparing and staffing the Congressman for media interviews
The salary for this position will range between $70,000-$80,000 depending on
skill level and experience. Prior Capitol Hill experience is helpful, but not
required. BIPOC, LGBTQIA and those with New York City/Westchester County
Page 6 of 19

ties are encouraged to apply. A keen sense of progressive messaging and
positions also required.
Please submit a resume, and cover letter. Early applicants will get priority.
Application closes on November 3rd, 2021. ***ALL APPLICANTS WILL BE
CONFIDENTIAL UNTIL FINAL ROUND***
Please apply via this link: https://airtable.com/shrUqHJUA6G5TOdLp
MEM-455-21

The House Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic (Majority) Staff, is
seeking a detail-oriented and organized Assistant Clerk/Security Manager.
The incumbent will work with the Chief Clerk and Deputy Chief Clerk to
coordinate logistical aspects of hearings, markups, and Committee meetings.
Other responsibilities include managing the Legislative Calendar, hearing
documents, Committee archives, and the transcript review process. The
incumbent will serve as the Committee’s Security Manager and manage classified
and sensitive materials, briefings, hearings, meetings, etc.
Responsibilities also include managing security clearances for Members and
staff, managing the Committee SCIF, and coordinating as appropriate with the
House Security Office. Candidates must possess excellent attention to detail,
good written and verbal communication skills, and be able to handle multiple
projects simultaneously in a demanding work environment. A TS or TS/SCI
clearance, or the ability to obtain one, is required. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Interested candidates should e-mail a cover letter and resume
to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Assistant Clerk/Security Manager” in
the subject line.
Please attach the resume and cover letter with the file name using the following
format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover
Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-452-21

Senior House Republican seeks experienced Communications Director to lead
an aggressive communications operation.
Qualified candidates should have at least 3 years of experience on a
Congressional communications operation and demonstrate the ability to manage a
junior Communications Assistant.

Page 7 of 19

Responsibilities include developing a strategic communications plan, identifying
proactive messaging opportunities, securing a wide variety of media
opportunities, coordinating with the legislative team to highlight Member
initiatives, and preparing the Representative for speaking engagements and media
hits.
The ideal candidate will be able to confidently lead a communications operation
and effectively delegate to a Communications Assistant, possess a high attention
to detail and strong writing abilities, and able to juggle multiple projects in a fastpaced, collaborative environment.
Applicants should submit a writing sample and resume
to gopcommsdirector07@gmail.com.
MEM-451-21

Senior House Republican seeks detail and mission-oriented Communications
Assistant to assist in creating for traditional constituent correspondence and
digital content.
Title will be commensurate with experience. This individual will report to and
work closely with the Communications Director in producing original creative
content, social media posts, graphics, videos, and written materials.
Candidate will also help book and prepare for local and national press hits. Strong
writing and editing skills, and familiarity with both Intranet Quorum (or related
programs), Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, Premier Pro, etc.), and social
media network administration are necessary skills for the job. The ideal candidate
will have 2-3 years of relevant professional experience. This is not an entry level
position.
Interested candidates should email a resume and relevant writing/digital samples
to: gopdigitalcomms@gmail.com.

MEM-450-21

Press Secretary|Digital Director – Rep. Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44)
Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated individual to assume the role of Press Secretary|Digital Director.
The person chosen for the position will work closely with the Communications
Director to develop and execute the Congresswoman’s long-term
communications plan. They will be charged with overseeing the communications
schedule, managing the Member’s digital media accounts, and working with local
and national reporters.
The Press Secretary|Digital Director will be responsible for a wide range of
critical functions, including developing original social media content, designing
graphics, editing and posting videos, maintaining the office’s website, and

Page 8 of 19

managing media lists. Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director
with drafting news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds and other materials.
Qualified applicants must have strong writing, editing, proofreading skills and be
proficient in photography, video recording and editing. They must be detailoriented, news savvy and able to work in a fast-paced, demanding work setting -a sense of humor and ability to be a team player is a must.
Spanish fluency preferred.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous experience in press or relevant social
media experience is required. Experience with Adobe Creative Cloud Products
are a plus. Southern California|Los Angeles ties are a plus.
Successful applicants will need to demonstrate their writing ability by completing
a writing and editing test.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter including salary requirements, and
two writing samples with “Press Secretary” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-449-21

Legislative Assistant|CHC Liaison - Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán
(CA-44)
Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly talented and
motivated individual to serve as a Legislative Assistant|CHC Liaison in
Washington, DC House office - with the primary responsibilities of handling the
Member’s immigration, foreign affairs, military, and criminal justice, Homeland
Security Committee work, and serve as Member’s liaison to the Congressional
Hispanic Caucus (CHC). Candidates must have a proven record of proposing
legislation, developing amendments, and leading on letters.
Primary responsibilities include:
•Drafting legislation and amendments and advancing them through various
legislative vehicles;
•Preparing hearing binders and questions for witnesses for Homeland Security
Committee hearings;
•Drafting talking points, vote recommendations and other materials;
•Monitoring and analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings,
news stories and other relevant info; and
•Representing the Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.
Candidates must have an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in a
Page 9 of 19

fast-paced work environment. Strong organizational and time management skills,
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a keen attention to detail
are required.
Spanish language skills preferred. Southern California ties a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two references with
“LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-448-21

The House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure is seeking a
Committee Clerk. This is a non-partisan position, which requires discretion and
confidentiality in handling committee matters, strong organizational skills, and
attention to detail.
The ideal candidate will have a minimum of four year of previous Congressional
experience, ideally as a committee clerk, knowledge of Congressional
administrative rules and procedures, the ability to manage multiple tasks and
projects, work well under pressure, have strong oral and written communication
skills, and the ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment.
Core Responsibilities Include:
•Maintaining committee official records in compliance with House and
committee rules including the maintenance of the House Repository and
committee archive records.
•Organizing and documenting committee markups in coordination with the
committee counsels.
•Acting as reading clerk and tally clerk, including the live posting of amendments
and their disposition to the House Repository during committee markups.
•Maintaining legislative files, including referral of legislation to subcommittees.
•Assisting in the preparation and filing of committee legislative reports.
•Maintaining the committee Legislative Calendar and Activity Report.
This is not an entry level position, and salary is commensurate with experience.
The committee is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates
of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Interested candidates should email a
resume and cover letter to: TIjobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line
Committee Clerk.

Page 10 of 19

MEM-445-21

Moderate, Blue Dog Democrat on the House Agriculture Committee is seeking
an experienced Legislative Assistant to cover a robust policy portfolio, including
agriculture, natural resources, Tribal, water, and immigration issues.
Duties include, but are not limited to, developing and planning legislation,
monitoring legislative developments within the House Agriculture Committee
and on the House floor, staffing the Member in meetings and Committee
hearings/markups, meeting with constituents and special interest groups on behalf
of the Member, and assisting with constituent correspondence.
Strong writing, organizational, oral communication, and collaborative work skills
are required. Ideal candidates will have experience in water, Interior, and tribal
issues in the Southwest region. Ideal candidates will also have a proven record of
being proactive and turning ideas into legislative successes. Prior Capitol Hill
experience preferred; but not required. This is not an entry-level position. Diverse
candidates are encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter, resume, and salary requirements
to AZ01Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-443-21

Congresswoman Diana DeGette (D-CO) seeks a Deputy Press Secretary/Digital
Director with extensive digital experience to be based in her Washington, D.C.
office.
The position reports directly to the Communications Director and is responsible
for assisting in all aspects of the press shop’s day-to-day responsibilities –
including, but not limited to: compiling daily news clips, drafting speeches, opeds, news releases and weekly newsletters, and pitching events to members of the
media.
The position is also responsible for managing the Congresswoman’s various
social media accounts, developing creative new content to enhance her social
media presence, including graphics and videos, and maintaining her website. This
is not an entry-level position.
The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of experience working with various
digital platforms, maintaining websites, and managing social media accounts for
a political candidate or elected official. Previous Capitol Hill or campaign
experience is preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to Ryan.Brown@mail.house.gov. Please put “Deputy Press
Secretary/Digital Director” in the subject line.

MEM-440-21

Congressman Vicente Gonzalez (TX-15) is seeking a detail-oriented, dynamic,
highly motivated Press Secretary to help manage and coordinate in-state and/or
Page 11 of 19

national media activities in a busy press shop. This position manages the Press
Assistant and reports to the Chief of Staff.
This position will be responsible for the preparation of materials, including but
not limited to, background memos, press advisories, press releases, statements,
and remarks; coordinating the creation and posting of digital content with the
Press Assistant; assisting with the planning, preparation, and staffing of news
conferences and events; maintaining relationships with local and national news
media outlets; and other duties related to press operations and other office
responsibilities.
Applicants must be able to work a flexible schedule that accommodates the needs
of the Representative's schedule. Prior communications experience is strongly
preferred as is experience with pitching to national, state and local media outlets.
Applicants must be organized and creative. They must also possess excellent time
management and strong written and verbal communications skills, along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast-paced environment on multiple
projects. Communications, Journalism, and English Majors are encouraged to
apply. Fluency in Spanish, experience with Adobe programs, and Texas,
particularly Central and South Texas, ties are not required but a plus.
The office is an equal opportunity employer. Women, people of color, and
LGBTQ candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter, resume, two writing samples,
and any additional work products, such as previous releases or media plans, with
“Press Secretary” as the subject line to southtexasfedjob@gmail.com.
MEM-439-21

The District Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark (MA-5) is currently
accepting applications for the position of Staff Assistant.
The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, processes mail, assists
with constituent casework, drafts correspondence, and performs other
administrative duties as needed. The Staff Assistant is also responsible for
overseeing a robust internship program, including recruiting, interviewing, hiring,
and supervising interns.
This role requires impeccable judgment and the ability to prioritize myriad tasks.
The ideal candidate should be personable, organized, and detail-oriented.
Applicants must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and
the ability to work cooperatively with others.
This is a full-time position. Office staff are currently working in person,
remotely, or in a hybrid model depending on the needs and safety of the office
during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Page 12 of 19

This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ+ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Essential Job Functions:
•Manages the office intern program, ensuring smooth front office operational
duties
•Works with constituent services representatives to ensure efficient casework
intake using the office’s internal database
•Assists persons who have appointments with the Member or other staff Members
and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the Members’
appointments are on time
•Maintains literature regarding the District and DC offices for distribution to
visitors
•Coordinates the filing and indexing of all correspondence
•Maintains office inventory and signs for deliveries
•Provides orientation and training for new staff
•Supervises the reception desk, mail operations, and administrative files
•Assumes responsibility for overall office appearance and layout
•Maintains the office answering machine or voice mail
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other offices
•Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework or opinions
•Performs other duties as assigned
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing samples
to Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov.
All materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-438-21

The Office of Rep. Jared Huffman (CA-02), in partnership with the Office of the
Chief Administrative Officer (CAO), has an opening for a Wounded Warrior
Fellow in one of our District Offices (San Rafael, Petaluma, Ukiah, or Eureka).
The Wounded Warrior Program was established to create employment
opportunities for veterans within the House of Representatives. These two-year
fellowships provide veterans with experience and exposure to broaden career
opportunities. Positions are available in congressional Member District Offices
nationwide.

Page 13 of 19

Duties may include, but are not limited to: working as a constituent services
representative helping local constituents resolve issues with federal agencies;
serving as a liaison to local Veterans Service Organizations (VSO); attending
local events and meetings on behalf of your Member of Congress; and
performing casework.
To apply, please visit the following
link: https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/311?c=house&s
ource=USAJobs
MEM-425-21

Congressman Ami Bera, M.D. seeks a Senior Policy Advisor with health policy
expertise to lead the Member’s active health work, as well as other issues as
assigned.
The position manages work leading and contributing to multiple caucuses,
priority legislation and efforts, and working closely with bipartisan stakeholders
both on and off the Hill. Successful candidates will have strong oral and written
communication skills, and demonstrated experience advancing a legislative
agenda, working with diverse coalitions, and representing Members of Congress
in front of stakeholders and constituents.
Several years of professional health policy experience, including Hill familiarity,
is required. The ideal candidate will be able to thrive in a fast paced environment;
excel at proactively identifying, prioritizing, and executing strategic opportunities
to influence health policy; work well both independently and collaboratively; and
have a sense of humor.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to ca07jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or drop-ins.

MEM-423-21

Congressman Jimmy Panetta (CA-20) seeks a Legislative Assistant who will be
responsible for his office’s agricultural and environmental policies and lead his
work on the House Agriculture Committee.
Additional work and focus will be on natural resources, energy, emergency and
disaster response, Army Corps of Engineers projects, science, and other issues as
assigned. Potential applicants should have experience with the formulation of the
Farm Bill and know that this is not an entry-level position.
Potential applicants should have experience in formulating legislation and
planning the pathway for the legislation to become law. Other duties will include
drafting talking points, memos, and vote recommendations for committee and
floor proceedings, preparation for hearings, representing the Member before
stakeholders, federal agencies and constituents, travel to the district, and constant
and consistent outreach and involvement with its constituents.

Page 14 of 19

Qualified candidates should have a strong background in legislative affairs and an
understanding of what it takes and a will to work across the aisle to advance
bipartisan initiatives. Potential applicants must have excellent written, verbal,
research, analytical and problem-solving skills, and an ability to manage multiple
assignments simultaneously.
Candidates must be able to perform under pressure and possess a strong work
ethic, a commitment to public service, and an understanding of what it takes to be
a part of a successful team effort.
A knowledge of and connections to the agricultural and environmental sectors,
especially California and its central coast, is preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples of
one page or less and three references with “LEGISLTIVE ASSISTANT” in the
subject line to ca20.jobs@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-422-21

Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley (MA-07) seeks a Press Secretary/Deputy
Press Secretary to work closely with the Communications Director to execute a
fast-paced and dynamic communication plan and help manage day to day
relationships with local and national media.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Support implementation of media, public relations, and communications
strategies for the Congresswoman;
•Draft press releases, talking points, speeches, op-eds, newsletters,
questionnaires, and other written materials;
•Compile daily press clips and stay informed about current events in the district
and across the country for their impact on the Congresswoman;
•Manage and catalogue incoming media requests for the Congresswoman and
notify the Communications Director accordingly;
•Maintain various press archives for the Congresswoman;
•Manage logistics for town halls, press conferences, and other public-facing
events, both virtual and in-person;
•Remain abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Congresswoman may be questioned;
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
•Work well under pressure, handles stress, and accepts performance-based
criticism and direction;
•Support on administrative functions of the office as needed such as constituent
calls and data entry
Page 15 of 19

•Work flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends, and performs
other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Our office prioritizes building a diverse team committed to advocating for the
residents of the Massachusetts 7th. 2-4 years of communications experience is
recommended. As a practice as an office we do not require any pre-requisite
degrees. This is not an entry level position. Ties to Massachusetts preferred, but
not required.
Please expand on how your unique set of experiences suits you to excel in this
role in your cover letter.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong communications skills, including writing, editing, and proofreading;
•Understanding of print, broadcast, and online media;
•Strong organizational skills, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once;
•Knowledge of current issues and events in which the Congresswoman is
involved;
•Ability to exercise discretion in the representation of the Congresswoman's
position on policy issues;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others, including members of
the press;
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate; and
•Ability to work in small a workstation without an expectation of privacy.
•At time of posting, partial remote work is advised. COVID-19 precautions and
remote work expectations can be discussed during the interview process.
•This role is based in Washington, D.C. and requires as-needed travel to
Massachusetts.
COMPENSATION:
The salary for the position is $53,000, along with a competitive benefits package
that includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan payments (terms
apply) and 15 weeks of paid FMLA.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please submit your resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples and 3 references
to ma7jobposting@gmail.com with the subject line “Press Secretary / Deputy
Press Secretary”.
MEM-421-21

Congressman John Sarbanes seeks a Legislative Director (LD) to coordinate and
oversee the Member’s legislative agenda, advise the Member on legislative
activities and lead legislative staff.

Page 16 of 19

Qualified candidates will have a strong understanding of the legislative process,
excellent communication and organizational skills and the ability to excel in a
fast-paced, proactive office. Must have 3+ years of Hill experience. Maryland ties
and experience working with the Energy & Commerce Committee are both a
plus.
Interested applicants should e-mail 1) a resume, 2) a cover letter, and 3) two
writing samples to employment@mail.house.gov with the subject “Legislative
Director: LAST NAME” .
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, veterans, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-416-21

California Democrat and Member on the Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee seeks Legislative Assistant to handle transportation and energy
policy along with a diverse portfolio of issues.
Candidates should have excellent organizational, research, writing, and
communication skills. Duties include identifying and advancing policy proposals,
committee hearing and mark-up preparation, meetings with stakeholders, and
assisting with constituent correspondence.
Successful candidates should possess strong interpersonal skills and a willingness
to work in a team environment. This is not an entry level position -- prior
legislative experience on Capitol Hill and advanced knowledge of transportation
policies is preferred. Office is an equal opportunity employer.
Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
to CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.

MEM-408-21

Staff Assistant
Moderate West Coast Democrat seeks highly-motivated, well organized, and
detail-oriented Staff Assistant for the Washington, D.C. office. Applicants must
possess excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Responsibilities of position include front office reception, answering phones,
receiving and caring for constituents and guests of the office, setting up and
performing Capitol tours, coordinating the internship program and supervising
interns, monitoring the order and operation of the office space and supplies,
assisting the Member and staff as assigned, and driving the Member to events as
necessary.

Page 17 of 19

Candidates should have an ability to work under pressure, a strong commitment
to public service, and an understanding of what it takes to be a part of a
successful team effort.
A valid driver’s license, daily access to an automobile and a good driving record
are necessities.
Ties to California, central coast, are strongly preferred. Previous Capitol Hill
experience as an intern or staff assistant is also preferred but not necessary.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, one writing sample of
one page or less and two references with “STAFF ASSISTANT” in the subject
line to ca20.jobs@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-400-21

The office of Congressman Frank Pallone seeks a Staff Assistant who will be
responsible for performing a variety of duties central to Washington, D.C. office
operations. The ideal candidate must be detail-oriented, well organized, and
accustomed to a fast-paced work environment.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply by submitting a resume
and cover letter to resume.nj06@mail.house.gov.

MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.

Page 18 of 19

Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 19 of 19

