House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 5, 2015
MEM-414-14

Director of Investigations (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics
seeks an experienced attorney to serve as the Director of Investigations for
the Committee. The Director will manage the Committee’s nonpartisan staff
of attorneys and other professionals who are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding
Members and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan
position which requires the ability to serve all Members of Congress equally
and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must possess a
minimum of 5 years of experience with complex investigations, outstanding
analytical and written and oral communication skills, and the sound judgment
necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the
Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas is also
desirable: government ethics, criminal law, civil litigation, administrative
investigations and adjudications, depositions, and familiarity with Congress
and its unique institutional prerogatives. Previous management experience
preferred. Salary commensurate with experience. Please email resume, cover
letter, and short writing sample to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include
the phrase “Director of Investigations” in the subject line.
Page 1 of 6

MEM-409-14

Congressman Xavier Becerra is seeking to immediately fill a full-time job
opening for a Senior Field Deputy position in his district office. The Senior
Field Deputy serves as the congressman’s liaison with the community, local
organizations and government agencies; staff and/or represent the
congressman at events; advise the congressman about local issues; help
organize community based meetings and events; implement proactive
constituent outreach program; prepare Member for speeches and
Meetings; draft correspondence. Supervise field team and district activities.
This position may require work hours beyond the normal 8-hour work day and
may also include work on weekends and holidays.
Qualifications
• Strong written, communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability
to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer
service manners; and superior public speaking skills.
• Prefer four years of experience working directly with the community at large.
Supervisorial experience required.
• Good computer skills, including proficiency and experience with Microsoft
Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and Power Point.
• Bachelor’s degree preferred.
• Candidate must have a thorough understanding of government agencies and
structure (county, state and federal).
• Must be able to work efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be
able to meet strict deadlines, balance multiple projects simultaneously and
work under pressure. Attention to detail and accuracy is essential.
• Candidate should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to excellence,
upbeat demeanor and flexibility.
• Candidate should expect weekend, some holidays, and after-hours
assignments.
• Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant.
All interested individuals should email or fax a cover letter, resume (including
salary history) to: Resume.California@mail.house.gov or fax (213) 481-1429.
No phone calls please.

MEM-406-14

Progressive Democratic Member of the Judiciary Committee seeks Legislative
Assistant/Counsel, potentially to fill Legislative Director position, to staff
Member on committee matters. Qualified applicants will also be considered
for Legislative Director position. Legislative portfolio will include criminal
justice and drug policy, civil rights and civil liberties, immigration, and
intellectual property. Responsibilities include assisting with management of
legislative staff, preparing materials for hearings, drafting legislation, meeting
with stakeholders, writing talking points, coordinating with Communications
Director and representing the Member at meetings and events. If selected as
Legislative Director, will be responsible for directing legislative agenda,
Page 2 of 6

managing legislative staff, and editing constituent correspondence and all other
written material. Applicants should have strong organizational, writing, and
communication skills and be detail oriented. This is not an entry level position.
A JD and substantial Hill experience, including thorough knowledge of House
rules and legislative process are required. Should also have ability to work in a
fast-paced environment while keeping a sense of humor.
Management/supervision experience preferred. Tennessee ties are a plus.
Please send a cover letter, resume and two writing samples to
cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins.
MEM-401-14

Hawai‘i Democratic member seeks a hardworking DC-based Press Secretary
to join a busy and proactive team. Applicant must have previous speech
writing experience; experience working with the media; thrive at multitasking
and working long hours; have sound political judgment; and a social media
background. Responsibilities include: speech writing, drafting news releases,
talking points, and op-eds; preparing the member for television and print
interviews; responding to press inquiries in a timely and appropriate manner;
oversee compilation of daily news clips; monitoring the news/social media
platforms throughout the day; maintaining and growing the office’s new media
presence; and developing website content. Duties also include: staffing the
member at public events; booking interviews and pitching stories; developing
relationships with national and Hawai‘i reporters; managing and updating
official website; and developing and implementing strategic communications
plans. Must be a team player and have a good sense of humor.
This is not an entry-level position. Professional communications and on-therecord experience is required. Capitol Hill experience and Hawai‘i ties are
preferred. Candidates should have knowledge of the legislative process, as
well as the ability to identify local and national press opportunities. Please
send cover letter, resume, salary requirements, and two writing samples to
hi02jobs@gmail.com. Please, no phone calls or drop bys.

MEM-400-14

Liberal Northeastern House full committee chairman seeks a Staff
Assistant/Scheduler to manage the Members schedule, staff the front desk,
greet constituents, and answer telephones and to arrange tours. Qualified
applicants should have a very positive attitude, strong organizational skills,
orientation to detail, should possess strong verbal and written communication
skills, and the ability to multi-task. Responsibilities will include opening and
sorting mail and faxes, assisting in data entry and management of the
constituent mail system, drafting constituent correspondence and assisting the
Member and staff with various projects. The Staff Assistant is also
responsible for some office administration, including maintaining office
supplies and supervising office interns. Interested parties should email a cover
letter and resume to Pa.CongressionalResume@mail.house.gov. No phone
calls or walk-ins please. This position opens in early January, 2015.

Page 3 of 6

MEM-397-14

Senior, progressive California member seeks highly proactive, experienced
communications professional to serve as district-based Communications
Manager. Responsibilities include developing and implementing a strategic
district – based communications plan, including substantial media and
constituent outreach. Potential candidate must have proven track record with
traditional and ethnic press, broadcast and digital media, and strong pitching
skills. Outstanding writing skills are required for varying mediums including:
remarks for events, press statements, social media, op-eds, and keynote
speeches. Demonstrated ability to organize constituencies and stakeholders is
also required. Ideal candidates will have political savvy, depth of
communications experience, and desire to work long hours in a fast-paced and
results- oriented environment. Qualified candidates should submit resume,
cover letter, and two writing samples and salary requirements to
lee.resumes@mail.house.gov. Minority candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.

OGC-001-14

The Office of General Counsel (“OGC”) of the United States House of
Representatives is accepting applications for the position of Paralegal. OGC is
a non-partisan office that provides legal advice and representation, without
regard to political affiliation, to the House of Representatives as an institution,
as well as to Members, committees, officers, and employees of the House on
matters related to their official responsibilities. OGC litigates at both the trial
and appellate levels in various courts around the country. It also provides dayto-day legal advice on a broad array of legal issues including, but not limited
to, constitutional law, the interpretation and application of federal statutes, the
construction and application of House rules, contracts, torts, immigration, and
intellectual property. For more information about OGC, please see
http://www.ogc.house.gov/.
OGC’s Paralegal will be responsible for formatting, cite checking and proof
reading legal pleadings; ensuring that all legal pleadings comply with
applicable court rules; filing legal pleadings in federal and state courts;
otherwise assisting OGC lawyers as needed, including assisting in preparing
them for court appearances; conducting factual research; drafting
correspondence; maintaining, managing, and archiving office files; assisting
with the management of OGC’s electronic database; assisting with general
office management; and performing other tasks that may be assigned from
time to time. Normal hours for this position are 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.,
although additional hours will be required from time to time.
Minimum Requirements: (1) excellent academic credentials; (2) at least five
years’ experience as a litigation paralegal or in a similar position; (3) excellent
organizational skills; (4) excellent research skills; (5) excellent computer skills
(including familiarity with Westlaw, Word/WordPerfect, Adobe Acrobat,
PACER and ECF, document review platforms, and database management
applications); (6) strong writing skills; (7) a non-partisan temperament; and (8)
Page 4 of 6

the ability to work well with colleagues in a fast-paced environment.
Email resume and cover letter to OGC.Employment@mail.house.gov. Your
cover letter should indicate the date you are available to start work.
MEM-395-14

Ohio Democratic Member seeks a hardworking Press Secretary to join a busy
and proactive team. Applicant must have previous speech writing experience;
thrive at multitasking and working long hours; and, have sound political
judgment.
Responsibilities include, but may not be limited to, speech writing, drafting
news releases, talking points, and op-eds; responding to press inquiries in a
timely and appropriate manner; early daily news clips; monitoring the news/
social media platforms throughout the day; and supervising the development of
website and social media content. Duties also include: booking interviews and
pitching stories; developing relationships with reporters; organizing events;
and developing and implementing media, communications, and public
relations strategies. The successful applicant must be a team player, and will
work closely with the Chief of Staff, Communications Director, and D.C./
District team.
This is not an entry-level position. Professional communications and on-therecord experience is required. Hill experience and familiarity with Ohio,
especially Northeastern Ohio, is strongly preferred. Candidates should have
knowledge of the legislative process, as well as the ability to identify local and
national press opportunities. Salary is commensurate with experience. Please
send cover letter, resume, and three original writing samples to
District11Resumes@mail.house.gov with “PRESS SECRETARY” in the
subject line. No walk-ins or phone calls

MEM-393-14

Florida Democrat seeks a highly-organized, detail-oriented Deputy
Scheduler/Office Manager for the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities
include organizing and tracking invitations, speaking engagements and
scheduling requests for the Member; travel reservations; and coordinating with
district office. Additionally, the Deputy Scheduler/Office Manager will work
closely with the Chief of Staff to ensure efficient and seamless
office operations. Ideal candidates are nimble, can work under pressure, be a
team player, and are able to navigate competing demands. Candidates must be
on call and available to assist the Member after regular business
hours. Applicants must also have excellent organizational skills, strong
written and verbal communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, savvy
political instincts, poise and ability to thrive in a fast paced environment. This
is not an entry-level position. Previous Capitol Hill operational and/or
scheduling experience is required. Florida ties preferred. No phone calls,
emails or drop-bys. Please submit resume to FL23Resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-389-14

Republican Committee seeks Executive Assistant for full committee Chief of
Page 5 of 6

Staff. Executive Assistant will work closely with Chief of Staff, assisting with
projects, managing daily schedule, and various other tasks as needed. Ideal
candidate will be incredibly well organized, be able to anticipate issues and
needs, and have the initiative to identify problems and come up with solutions
to address them. A positive attitude is essential. Capitol Hill experience is a
plus but new graduates are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should
send resume and cover letter to GOPcommittee@gmail.com.

Page 6 of 6

