________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 24, 2021

MEM-172-21

Rural Oregon Congressman seeks a driven and organized individual to serve as a
Field Representative/Caseworker in the Representative’s district office in
Oregon. Ideal candidates will have a bachelor’s degree, excellent written and
verbal communication skills, impeccable time management skills, and an ability
to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
Duties Include:
•Acts as the grass roots representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, verbal
communications with constituents, and acting as liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies. The individual will also engage with city, county, district, the
chamber of commerce, and other groups to form effective relationships with the
Member;
•Assesses casework for issues requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and/or Chief of Staff;
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information significant
to the office;
•Prepares reports for the Congressman and Chief of Staff on district activities in
his or her assigned issue areas; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Working Conditions:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment, but the Field
Representative/Caseworker will often need to attend and participate in meetings
Page 1 of 17

and public functions out of the office, which at times will include evenings and
weekend events; and
•Ability to work with coworkers in an office setting.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume
to ResumesOR@mail.house.gov.
MEM-171-21

Congressman Dan Kildee seeks a full-time press secretary in Washington, D.C.
The press secretary will help manage communications in a fast-paced
congressional office for a member of House Democratic leadership.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging and include responding to daily media
inquiries, building relationships with national, state and local reporters, pitching
and booking frequent national cable interviews, writing press releases, statements
and media advisories, creating and managing social media content, including
graphics and videos, drafting speeches, talking points and op-eds, and creating
franked communications, including mailers and telephone townhalls. The press
secretary will also be responsible for managing a full-time press assistant and
press interns.
Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills, a selfstarting personality, a desire to continually learn in political communications, and
an eagerness to work in a collaborative office environment. This is not an entrylevel position. Michigan ties and Adobe Creative Suite skills preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-170-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Professional Staff member responsible for early childhood education and child
welfare legislation.
Candidates should have familiarity with federal early childhood education
programs, including the Child Care and Development Block Grant and Head
Start, as well as child welfare legislation, including the Child Abuse Prevention
and Treatment Act. Knowledge of other federal statutes and policies and how
they impact early childhood education and child welfare policy is preferred.
Applicants should have at least two years of prior experience in Congress, federal
government or advocacy organization is strongly preferred. Duties will include
supporting the development of legislation, providing technical assistance to the
Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing written
materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of committee
proceedings and events related to early childhood education and child welfare.
Salary range is between $65,000 and $80,000.
Page 2 of 17

To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Early Childhood Professional Staff Position" in the subject line. Please apply no
later than June 4, 2021.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to
apply.
MEM-169-21

Congresswoman Katie Porter (CA-45) seeks a Staff Assistant to serve in her
Washington, DC office. The ideal candidate will have the creativity, drive, and
interest in supporting the constituent outreach work of the office.
The position will be responsible for welcoming office visitors; processing
constituent casework; drafting constituent correspondence, processing flag and
tour requests; managing a DC based intern; logging constituent mail; and other
administrative duties as assigned. Additional responsibilities may include drafting
meeting memos, conducting research for staff reports and policy memos, and
assisting the scheduler.
The ideal candidate will have a solution-oriented personality, be able to work in a
fast-paced environment, be highly organized, detail-oriented, and an excellent
writer. Familiarity with a second-language, Intranet Quorum (IQ), and ties to CA45 or Orange County are preferred.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees. The salary for this position is expected to be $40,000.
To apply, send a cover letter and resume to ResumesCA45@mail.house.gov with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line. The deadline for submission is June 4, 2021.

MEM-168-21

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated individual to assume the role of Press Secretary|Digital Director. The
person chosen for the position will work closely with the Communications
Director to develop and execute the Congresswoman’s long-term
communications plan. They will be charged with overseeing the communications
schedule; managing the Member’s digital media accounts, and working with local
and national reporters.
The Press Secretary|Digital Director will be responsible for a wide range of
critical functions, including developing original social media content, designing
graphics, editing and posting videos, maintaining the office’s website, and
Page 3 of 17

managing media lists. Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director
with drafting news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds and other materials.
Qualified applicants must have strong writing, editing, proofreading skills and be
proficient in photography, video recording and editing. They must be detailoriented, news savvy and able to work in a fast-paced, demanding work setting -a sense of humor and ability to be a team player is a must.
Experience with Adobe Creative Cloud Products are a plus.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous experience in press or relevant social
media experience is required.
Southern California|Los Angeles ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Successful applicants will need to demonstrate their writing ability by completing
a writing and editing test.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter including salary requirements, and
two writing samples with “Press Secretary” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-167-21

Analyst for Congressional Committee – The House Budget Committee seeks an
experienced budget analyst for income security, commerce, and housing policy
portfolios.
The job requires strong skills in written and oral communication, policy analysis,
and quantitative analysis, as well as the ability to work effectively under tight
deadlines. The ideal candidate will have several years of experience in federal
budgeting, familiarity with the legislative process, background in income security
(e.g. unemployment insurance, nutrition assistance, and rental assistance),
commerce (e.g. small business support), or federal housing programs, and a
master’s degree in public policy or related field.
Experience at OMB, CBO, or an agency budget office is a plus. The ability to be
a quick learner and be adaptable as circumstances change is at least as important
as depth of subject matter expertise.
Email resume, two BRIEF writing samples (2 to 4 pages each), and cover letter
with subject line “analyst position” to Budget-Democrat.Jobs@mail.house.gov–
no phone calls or walk-ins.

Page 4 of 17

MEM-166-21

Congressman Brendan F. Boyle, a Pennsylvania member of the Ways and Means
Committee, seeks an experienced Senior Legislative Assistant to join his
Washington, DC office.
The Senior Legislative Assistant will support the Congressman with his work on
the Ways and Means Committee and other issues. This position will prepare the
Congressman for committee hearings and markups, floor debate and other
speeches and closely track legislative activity included in the portfolio. The LA
will also be responsible for taking meetings with constituents and stakeholders
and developing and advancing legislation and amendments relevant to the
Congressman. A successful candidate will be extremely organized, an excellent
writer, a proactive self-starter, a strategic thinker and able to work collaboratively
as a part of a close-knit team.
The ideal candidate will have ties to Philadelphia or Pennsylvania and previous
experience with a policy portfolio.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and a writing sample
to PA02.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Senior Legislative Assistant” in the subject
line.

MEM-165-21

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include
assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining the
Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and
processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in
setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with
accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a
starting salary of $38,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
Page 5 of 17

NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-164-21

Democratic Member seeks Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent for
Washington, DC office. This position is responsible for managing the front desk,
processing incoming constituent mail, and handling administrative duties of the
office. The staff member in this role interacts regularly with constituents and
should have a friendly, helpful demeanor.
The ideal candidate should have a working knowledge of legislative issues,
strong writing skills, extreme attention to detail, and a positive attitude. They
should also be a self-starter, who likes to solve problems, and works well with
others. Strong communications skills and a passion for helping others are
essential to this role.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We deeply value the diversity of our employees
and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Interested applicants should send resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and a
list of three references to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov.
Incomplete applications will not be considered.

MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public. Additionally, successful
candidates will have a positive, solution-driven personality, demonstrate excellent
oral and written communication skills, and show keen attention to detail and an
ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.

Page 6 of 17

Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
MEM-162-21

STAFF ASSISTANT: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks a staff
assistant in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include managing the front office, answering phones, processing
and logging constituent mail, greeting visitors, monitoring office deliveries,
scheduling assistance, responding to inquiries, assisting with constituent
casework, and other duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills. Additionally,
successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven personality,
demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and show keen
attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a resume, writing sample, and cover letter (3 pages or less)
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Staff Assistant” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

MEM-160-21

North Coast Democratic Member of Congress seeks a motivated, organized, and
affable person to serve as a field representative/caseworker in the
Representative’s district office. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district,
and local agencies for the Congressman and constituents and answers casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents.
Candidates must be comfortable working with the public, have excellent oral and
written communication skills, problem solving abilities, and have completed a
bachelor’s degree or equivalent. Work experience is preferred and strong
academic credentials are required.
E-mail a resume and cover letter to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “CA02 Field Representative/Caseworker.”
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
Page 7 of 17

constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies;
•Informs the Congressman and the District Director of all happenings in his or
her assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
•Handles casework assignments;
•Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Congressman;
•Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Scheduler;
•Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Congressman with constituents;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress;
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
•Full-time experience preferred; strong academic credentials required; extensive
community relationships desired.
•Bilingual: English/ Spanish is preferred but not required
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is
involved;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, procedures, and computer applications.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment, but the Field Representative
will often need to attend and participate in meetings and public functions out of
the office including evenings and weekend events. Noise levels are usually
moderate; and
•Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
•Work is currently remote due to COVID-19
MEM-158-21

The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director.
The LD will help drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing
and implementing the strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals;
supervise and mentor the legislative staff while advising on the

Page 8 of 17

Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own legislative
portfolio, which will include work on the Black Maternal Health Caucus.
The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior
leadership team to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall
operations. The LD will also help ensure coordination between DC and district
offices on important legislative updates and district-based events and projects.
This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill experience and knowledge of
the legislative process are required. The successful applicant will have crisp and
thorough written and oral communications skills, an entrepreneurial and selfstarting attitude, strong attention to detail, creativity, and be a team player.
Supervisory experience and expertise on healthcare policy is strongly preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume,
and two writing samples to john.christie@mail.house.gov.
Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with North
Carolina ties. Due to the volume of applications we receive, we will only contact
you if we decide to move forward with your application.
Please no calls, direct emails, or walk-ins.
MEM-156-21

Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur (OH-9) seeks an experienced Communications
Director to serve in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include creating and implementing a proactive communications
strategy; handling daily media inquiries; writing press releases, opinion pieces,
speeches, and talking points; managing the Congresswoman’s social media;
building relationships with local and national media contacts; as well as working
closely with legislative staff to effectively message policy issues.
Qualified candidates must have excellent communication skills, impeccable
writing, experience speaking on-the-record, and the ability to be a self-starter
while working in a fast-paced environment. Ohio ties are a plus.
This is not an entry-level position. The office is committed to building a diverse
and inclusive team and is an equal opportunity employer.
Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Communications
Director.”
Page 9 of 17

Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-155-21

The House Budget Committee seeks an experienced lawyer to serve as General
Counsel to advise and provide legal counsel to the Chair, staff director, and
committee staff on a range of matters, including the budget resolution and
reconciliation process, fiscal law, legislative drafting and development, oversight,
and parliamentary procedures. The General Counsel’s responsibilities include
leading the committee’s legal team through the committee’s reconciliation,
legislative, budget enforcement, and oversight activities.
The position requires the ability to work effectively under tight deadlines,
collaboratively with colleagues throughout the House, and quickly to provide
legal advice and counsel related to budget considerations for a wide range of
federal programs and legislation. The position requires a law degree.
The ideal candidate will have a record of being in a management or leadership
position, several years of legal experience in the federal government, familiarity
with parliamentary procedure, and experience in fiscal law and legislative
drafting. Prior committee experience and legal experience at OMB, CBO, or
GAO are a plus.
Interested candidates should email their resume, cover letter, and a short writing
sample (2 to 4 pages) with the subject line “General Counsel position” to BudgetDemocrat.Jobs@mail.house.gov – no phone calls or walk-ins.

MEM-154-21

Congresswoman Katie Porter (CA-45) seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle
environmental issues and support her work on the Natural Resources Committee.
The portfolio will also include energy, transportation, infrastructure, emergency
management, tribal affairs, agriculture, and other issue areas as assigned by the
office.
The ideal candidate must have 2-4 years of Hill or comparable advocacy
experience working on environmental policy or issues relevant to the legislative
portfolio, familiarity with congressional process and procedure, and a
demonstrated ability to design and execute legislative projects.
The ideal candidate will have the creativity, drive, and confidence to propose
original and compelling oversight work, including drafting hearing questions,
oversight letters, and staff reports that resonate with our ideologically diverse
constituents. This is not an entry level position.
Responsibilities include: preparing and staffing the Member for committee
hearings and markups, developing and advancing legislation and other policy
priorities, representing the Member in meetings, building and maintaining
positive relationships with congressional staff, advocacy groups and key
Page 10 of 17

stakeholders (both DC and CA based), and drafting constituent correspondence
and press materials.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. To apply, send a resume and a short writing
sample to ResumesCA45@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.
MEM-151-21

Office of Rep. Don Beyer seeks creative Press Assistant. The position reports to
the Deputy Chief of Staff and will be responsible for drafting press releases and
newsletters, creating content for social media platforms, recording and editing
video, updating the Congressman’s website, and supporting an active press shop.
Ideal candidates will be good writers with digital media experience. Previous
experience on Capitol Hill, a campaign, or at a communications firm is required.
Women, LGBTQ candidates, minority candidates, and candidates of diverse
backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a brief cover letter, resume, a writing sample,
and two examples of graphics or other digital communications work
to beyerstaff@gmail.com and include “Press Assistant” in the subject line.
No phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.

MEM-149-21

Democratic staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks experienced, hardworking, and creative Communications Director to lead the press operation for
both the Committee and Chairman Nadler’s personal office.
Core responsibilities include serving as an on-the-record spokesperson; working
with national and local media to highlight committee activities and advance the
committee’s agenda; writing press releases, op-eds, talking points, and briefing
materials; booking and preparing the Chairman for interviews; engaging key
stakeholders; organizing press conferences; and managing a team of digital and
press staff.
This is a senior position in a fast-paced office that requires a strong work ethic
and close attention to detail. Candidates must be proactive and have the vision to
develop a long-term communications blueprint that advances key objectives. Onthe-record experience, exceptional writing skills, sound political judgment, and
the ability to work independently and collaboratively, are essential.
An understanding of key policy areas, including constitutional, immigration,
surveillance, and criminal justice issues is desired. The ideal candidate will have
Congressional communications experience and NY ties. This is not an entry level
position.
Page 11 of 17

The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov.
MEM-148-21

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Caseworker to join her team in
Waterbury, CT. Ideal candidates will have prior knowledge of federal agencies;
excellent written and verbal communication skills; strong organizational and time
management skills; a positive attitude; and an ability to work under pressure and
meet deadlines in an fast-paced work environment. Bilingual applicants are
preferred.
Duties include:
*Acting as the representative for the Congresswoman within their area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies, persons or groups for effective
relationships for the Congresswoman;
*Informing the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in
their assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
*Handling casework assignments and assesses casework for problems requiring
legislative action and makes recommendations to the District Director and Chief
of Staff;
*Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Congresswoman with constituents;
*Logging incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
*Preparing periodic reports for the Congresswoman and District Director on
pending cases and district activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
*Continually screening active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
*Maintaining up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested
parties should e-mail a concise cover letter including salary requirements and
resume to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: First Name
Last Name - Caseworker. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.

Page 12 of 17

MEM-146-21

The Democratic staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks a Staff Assistant.
Candidates should have excellent organizational skills and strong research,
writing, and communication skills.
Responsibilities include overseeing Committee hearing and markup logistics -which often include being physically present; serving as assistant clerk during
markups; providing administrative and research support to the Chief of Staff and
Staff Director/Chief Counsel; coordinating the Chief of Staff, Staff
Director/Chief Counsel, and the Committee’s calendars; co-managing the intern
program; and managing Committee administrative needs.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Please send a resume and cover letter to JDEM.job@mail.house.gov and include
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-143-21

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR - Midwest conservative Republican seeks
a motivated and experienced communications professional to lead development
and execution of all official messaging.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•minimum of 4-6 years of congressional experience;
•strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
•strong oral communication skills;
•understanding of print and broadcast media; existing media relationships a plus.
•thorough knowledge of legislative process;
•knowledge of current issues and events in which the Member is involved;
•ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the representation of
the Member's positions on policy issues;
•availability to work long hours;
•ability to work collaboratively with district office.
DUTIES:
•Responsibilities include writing press releases, media advisories, and
newsletters, crafting content for social media channels, developing graphics and
videos, assisting with media monitoring and pitching press, overseeing clips
collection and distribution, and working with the Communications team to
identify new ways to engage with press and digital audiences
•acts as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
•develops and implements media and communications strategy for the Member;
•remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Member may be questioned;
Page 13 of 17

•evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the nation for their
impact on the Member;
•provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's actions and
legislative activities;
•writes speeches for the Member; and
•performs other duties as assigned.
Interested candidates should email an resume, cover letter and writing sample
to: indianagopjobs@gmail.com
MEM-142-21

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines. A successful
candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the box about
various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or casework
experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-141-21

Legislative Assistant – Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated
and organized lawyer with strong interpersonal, legal and writing skills. The ideal
candidate will be able to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure.
The Legislative Assistant works with the Chief Counsel/Legislative Director and
with the Chief of Staff to develop and implement the Member’s legislative
strategy in his/her issue areas; prepares materials for hearings; drafts legislation,
amendments, and congressional record statements; and conducts research. The
ability to write well under tight deadlines is essential.
Page 14 of 17

Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented, problem
solving lawyer and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior
Hill, law firm or similar experience is preferred but not always required.
Candidate must possess a law degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident
of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov
MEM-140-21

Rep. Peter Welch is hiring a communications director to manage a busy press
shop. Successful candidates will be excellent writers, highly creative, skilled at
pitching Capitol Hill and local reporters, experienced with booking national news
hits, highly organized, and able to prioritize and publicize Rep. Welch’s strategic
goals across social media platforms. A successful candidate will join a tight-knit
team, so a collaborative mindset is essential and a sharp sense of humor is
appreciated.
Rep. Welch is a busy Member, so you will be too. In addition to being a chief
deputy whip, he is a Member of three very active, high profile committees:
Energy and Commerce, Intelligence, and Oversight.
Capitol Hill relationships and Vermont ties are pluses. The office is an equal
opportunity employer, and applications by members of underrepresented groups
are strongly encouraged. Interested and qualified candidates should submit their
resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to vermontcommsjob@gmail.com.
Bonus points if you know how to pronounce the Vermont towns of Charlotte,
Calais and Vergennes.

MEM-139-21

Senior House Appropriator is seeking a Communications Director/Press
Secretary for the Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities include
communications planning and press strategy for D.C. and the district; drafting
press materials including: remarks, talking points, statements, op-eds, press
releases, and media advisories; assisting with the management of the
Congressman’s social media accounts; interview preparation; and fielding media
inquiries.
The ideal candidate is a strong writer, politically savvy, detail-oriented, flexible,
creative, and a self-starter. Interested candidates should send a cover letter,
resume, and two writing samples to GA02.Resume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-138-21

U.S. Member of Congress in New York seeking Constituent Services
Liaison/District Representative

Page 15 of 17

New York Democrat seeks Fast-paced, high profile New York City
Congressional Member office seeks Constituent Services Liaison/District
Representative to manage the Constituent Services activities. Responsibility
including answering casework correspondence, meeting with constituents, verbal
communications with constituents and serving as a liaison with federal, district,
and local agencies and community organizations.
This is a permanent, full-time position. and mid-entry-level position in a fastpaced office that frequently requires non-traditional work hours, Fluency in other
language other than English (Creole, Arabic, Russian) highly preferred.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, and resume
to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov
Ties to Brooklyn, a proven record, and a minimum of three years of related
experience are required. This position is based in the local Brooklyn, NY office
Please place Constituent Services/District Representative in the subject line.
NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
MEM-137-21

Office Manager/Executive Assistant
New York Democrat seeks an Operations Manager/Executive Assistant for their
district office. Responsibilities include answers and screens telephone calls for
Member and staff, takes and transmits messages; Maintains office answering
machine or voice mail managing the Member’s schedule, travel plans and related
events in the district.
Duties also include managing the internship program and other office operations
including office equipment and supplies, required reporting, and assisting with
personnel tracking, as well as fielding requests of the Member with staff and the
public. This is an entry-level position in a fast-paced office that frequently
requires non-traditional work hours.
Qualified applicants should have prior professional office experience. The
Operations Manager/Executive Assistant will report to the District Director. Ties
to Brooklyn is a plus. This is a permanent, full-time position Fluency in other
language other than English (Creole, Arabic, Russian) highly preferred.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, and resume
to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please place OFFICE
MANAGER/EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT in the subject line.
NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.

MEM-136-21

New York Democrat seeks a Director of Outreach and Community
Engagement for their district office. Responsibilities include building strategic
relationships with community leaders and constituent groups, executing various
Page 16 of 17

outreach activities, and recruiting volunteers for events and outreach programs in
the district.
Duties also include coordinating initiatives designed to promote the office and
services to the community, managing an outreach and organizing plan for the
team, and any other assigned duties. Candidates should possess excellent
organization, leadership, teamwork, and management skills, as well as verbal and
written communication skills.
The Director of Outreach and Community Engagement will report to the District
Director. Ties to Brooklyn, a proven management record, and a minimum of
three years of related experience are required. This position is based in the local
Brooklyn, NY office. This is a permanent, full-time position and a senior-level
position in a fast-paced office that frequently requires non-traditional work hours.
Fluency in other language other than English (Creole, Arabic, Russian) highly
preferred.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, and resume
to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov.
Please place DIRECTOR OF OUTREACH AND COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT in the subject line.
NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.
MEM-132-21

The Office of Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) seeks applications for a
Senior Advisor/Counsel to handle the Judiciary portfolio with an emphasis on
immigration in the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include advising the Member on all legislative areas within their
portfolio, prepare and staff the Member in committee hearings and markups, draft
and advance legislation, and represent the Member in meetings with constituents
and stakeholders concerning policy matters in their portfolio.
Applicants should possess strong conservative credentials, effective writing and
research skills, strong attention to detail, and the ability to manage multiple tasks
at once. Previous Capitol Hill experience and JD preferred. To apply, please
email resume and cover letter to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com
To apply, please email resume and cover letter
to gopwestcoastjobs@gmail.com with Subject: Senior
Advisor/Counsel_LastName.FirstName

Page 17 of 17

