House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 18, 2016

MEM-212-16

Senior Democratic Member seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic
individual with excellent oral and written communication skills to serve as a
staff assistant. Candidates should demonstrate strong interpersonal skills, be
comfortable with managing multiple tasks, and have a strong work ethic.
Responsibilities include managing the front office, answering and screening
telephone calls, greeting visitors, coordinating tour requests for visiting
constituents, managing flag requests, supervising and coordinating the intern
program, and assisting staff. Capitol Hill experience preferred. Email cover
letter and resume to job_09@live.com.

MEM-209-16

New England Democrat seeks communications director. Communications
Director is responsible for managing all aspects of very active, fast-paced
press operation. Duties include but are not limited to: crafting overall message
strategy; planning and executing local and national press events; drafting and
distributing press releases, advisories, and statements; engaging in outreach to
and maintaining relationships with local and national media; managing social
media pages; preparing speeches and written remarks; drafting internal
Page 1 of 5

communications documents for Member and staff. Candidates must
demonstrate excellent written and verbal skills, keen attention to detail, strong
organizational skills, ability to perform well under pressure, and comfort
working in team environment. This is not an entry-level position. Interested
applicants should submit cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to
hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-203-16

Southern Republican seeking Legislative Correspondent for Washington,
D.C. office. Primary responsibilities include managing constituent
correspondence, conducting research, and providing support to the legislative
staff when necessary. Applicants must be hardworking, detail oriented, and
possess strong writing skills. Experience with the Intranet Quorum database
and having ties to Tennessee are preferred but not required. This position also
allows for the opportunity to experience the press side of a congressional
office if interested. Qualified candidates should send their resume to
TN08.HouseJobs@mail.house.gov.

MEM-199-16

U.S. Rep. Ann McLane Kuster seeks Communications & Outreach
Coordinator for Concord, New Hampshire office.
Communications:
• Work with Communications team to draft and disseminate press releases,
media advisories, statements, and other communications material.
• Help plan local press events and assist Communications Director in pitching
stories to the media as needed.
• Manage Facebook, Twitter, and other social media pages.
• Work with Communications Director and other staff to develop and
implement office messaging strategy.
Issue Area Outreach:
• Develop and maintain relationships with leaders and stakeholders in
assigned issue areas.
• Attend and hold meetings as necessary with issue area leaders and
stakeholders; engage with the public on projects within these areas.
• Monitor ongoing projects and legislative actions connected to assigned issue
areas.
• Develop and coordinate public events, business visits and private meetings
in connection with assigned issue areas.
General:
• Answer phones and walk-in cases as necessary.
• Draft letters, memos and reports on meetings, events and projects.
• Attend occasional night or weekend events as necessary.
Qualifications:
• Strong writing skills
• Strict attention-to-detail
• Ability to “think on your toes” and work in a constantly shifting, fast-paced
work environment
Page 2 of 5

• Prior political or press experience strongly preferred.
If interested, please submit resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to
NH02.Jobs@mail.house.gov.
MEM-194-16

U.S. Member of Congress in New York seeks a Legislative Assistant for the
D.C. Office. Individuals will handle a portfolio of legislative issues including
small business, economic development, housing, environment, immigration,
and foreign affairs – including the Middle East and Caribbean. This individual
is responsible for drafting legislation and amendments, tracking legislative,
developing legislative initiatives, writing speeches and floor statements,
staffing the Member in Committee, and representing the Member in meetings
with constituents and interested parties. Applicants should have excellent
written and verbal communication skills, work well under pressure in a fastpaced environment, be a strong team player, and have at least two years of
legislative experience on Capitol Hill. This is a full-time permanent position.
Ties to New York are a plus. Qualified applicants should send a cover letter,
resume, and brief writing sample to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please be
sure to put LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT in the subject line.
PLEASE NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS
An Equal Opportunity Employer.

MEM-189-16

The press office of Rules Committee Ranking Member Louise Slaughter
(NY-25) is looking for talented candidates with a passion for public policy
messaging, strong writing and communications skills, and the ability to work
collaboratively.
The ideal candidate:
• Has Capitol Hill and campaign experience
• Writes beautiful speeches with historical references
• Is an expert social media manager with attention to detail
• Enjoys making info graphics during lunch breaks
• Does not offend easily during the editing process
• Likes staying up late and waking up early
• Loves Rochester, NY and the Rules Committee
Applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to
employ@mail.house.gov.

MEM-184-16

A Senior Member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee is seeking a
skilled and experienced Legislative Assistant to handle foreign policy and
related issues. Candidates should have relevant Capitol Hill experience,
excellent communications skills, and a background in foreign policy and/or an

Page 3 of 5

advanced degree. Interested applicants should submit a resume and cover
letter to ForeignAffairsLA@gmail.com.
MEM-183-16

California Republican seeks qualified Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent for Washington, DC office. Duties include management of
constituent correspondence program, flag requests, tour coordinating, and
general administrative duties. Applicants must demonstrate excellent writing
and research ability, be self-starters, energetic, and have strong organizational
and time management skills. Please send resume, cover letter, and short
writing sample to CARepublicanjobs@gmail.com.

MEM-182-16

Senior House Democrat seeks experienced individual to handle all facets of
the member’s Washington, D.C. schedule as well as staffing the reception
area. Scheduler responsibilities include managing heavy volume of meeting,
speaking and traveling requests, provide transportation (which can include
late evenings), manage personal correspondence, greeting visitors and
answering phones. Qualified applicants must be detail oriented, able to work
in a fast-paced environment and possess excellent oral and written
communication skills. Spanish fluency a plus. Salary commensurate with
experience. Please send cover letter and resume to:
one_vacancy@yahoo.com.

MEM-179-16

The office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
hard-working communications director to join our Washington, DC-based
team.
The communications director will be responsible for coordinating with the
legislative team and member to develop and implement all communications
activities for the office, including acting as the member's spokesperson and
drafting op-eds, speeches, press releases, and newsletters.
The successful applicant will be an excellent writer and editor, clear thinker,
and persuasive advocate for individual liberty, economic freedom, and the
Constitution. He or she must demonstrate a breadth of policy knowledge,
familiarity with the legislative process, and the ability to exercise sound,
independent judgment. Individuals who prefer staid and steady work or who
avoid challenges (and the occasional failure) may be more comfortable
elsewhere.
Applicants must be libertarian (classical liberal and constitutional
conservative), have a BA or equivalent, and have at least two years of
professional experience. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "communications director applicant"
in the subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
Page 4 of 5

Page 5 of 5

