House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 16, 2016

MEM-148-16

Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic, organized,
creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active and visible legislative
office staff. The candidate must have strong interpersonal skills, be
comfortable with managing multiple tasks and work well under pressure.
The staff assistant is responsible for front office duties, including answering
and screening telephone calls, mail distribution, room reservations, and
responding to constituent requests for flags, tours, and other information. The
staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting training,
scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing and communication skills and a
working knowledge of the District of Columbia. Candidate must be a resident
of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to D.C., if hired.

Page 1 of 4

Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience
level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov or fax to (202)
225-1129.
MEM-145-16

Indiana Republican Rep. Luke Messer seeks full-time press assistant/staff
assistant in the Washington, D.C. office. The ideal candidate will have
experience or education in digital media, new media or journalism. Strong
writing skills are a must, and an ability to boil down complex issues into
easily understandable social media content is ideal. The press assistant/staff
assistant must be a self-starter with the ability to learn and grow in a fastpaced environment. The press assistant/staff assistant will be responsible for
press clips, daily social media posts, assisting the communications director
with press releases and press inquiries, answering phones, giving tours, and
interacting with constituents. Experience creating graphics and editing video
is not required, but an ability and interest in learning to do both is a must.
Resumes and cover letters can be sent to press.messer@mail.house.gov.

MEM-144-16

Pacific Northwest Democrat seeks Legislative Correspondent/Press
Assistant for Washington, D.C. office. Primary responsibilities include
managing the office mail program and ensuring that constituent
correspondence is responded to in a timely manner. The Legislative
Correspondent/Press Assistant will also assist the Communications Director
with press-related materials, research, daily news clips, and media tracking.
Strong, proven writing skills a must; previous Capitol Hill experience,
familiarity with Intranet Quorum software, and ties to the Pacific Northwest
strongly preferred. Please send resume, cover letter, and two independently
written examples of legislative correspondence on topic of applicant’s choice
to heck.resumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop-bys please.

MEM-143-16

Congresswoman Anna G. Eshoo (CA-18) seeks a Communications Director
to handle all media matters. Duties include long-term planning, working with
local and national reporters, producers, and bookers, as well as conducting
proactive media outreach, managing online communications, and drafting
press releases, op-eds, and speeches. The position requires a close partnership
with legislative and district staff, attention to detail, and the ability to work
well under pressure.
The Communications Director also oversees an active social media, online
operation, and email communications program. The position requires
excellent organizational skills, understanding of message development, sound
judgement, a positive attitude and the ability to work well in a team
environment. Hill experience preferred. This is not an entry level position.
Page 2 of 4

Email cover letter, resume, references, and two writing samples to
ca18resumes@gmail.com. NO CALLS OR DROP BYS PLEASE.
MEM-142-16

Congressman Raul Ruiz, M.D. of California seeks a Caseworker for his Palm
Desert, California district office. Successful candidates will have previous
experience in social work, familiarity with federal agencies, excellent written
and oral communication skills, be team-oriented, and comfortable working
both independently and as part of a team. Prior experience working for
federal, state, or local government is a plus. Candidates with fluency or strong
verbal and written proficiency in Spanish are strongly preferred. Strong
knowledge or connection with Riverside County and California’s 36th
Congressional District is a plus. Availability for evening and weekend
assignments is required.
Caseworkers in the Office of Congressman Ruiz assist constituents by
navigating complex casework through federal agencies in areas such as
veterans’ affairs, social security, housing, immigration. Caseworkers also
assess casework and community activities for matters warranting legislative
action.
Interested candidates should send their resume and cover letter to
Octavio.Gonzalez@mail.house.gov. Please write “Caseworker” in the subject
line of your email message.
PLEASE NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS.

MEM-141-16

North Carolina Democrat seeks a Communications Director with at least 2
years of experience. This person will be responsible for planning and
executing a proactive and aggressive media and community outreach strategy.
Candidates must have excellent writing skills, be creative, energetic,
politically astute and able to work well in a fast-paced collaborative
environment. It is preferred that candidates have prior on-the-record
experience, have drafted all forms of communications materials—especially
op-eds—and an ability to respond to challenging situations quickly and
strategically. Candidates should have a track-record of successfully pitching
both national and local media entities as well as existing relationships with
DC reporters and producers. Responsibilities include serving as spokesperson,
drafting press releases and advisories, op-eds, and talking points. This person
will also manage a press secretary and be responsible of implementing a
strategic social media outreach. North Carolina ties preferred. The Office is
an Equal Opportunity Employer and strongly values the diversity of its
employees. We encourage women and people of color to apply. Please send
cover letter, resume and two writing samples (including a press release) to
NCHouseJobs@gmail.com with Communications Director in subject line. No
calls or drop ins.

Page 3 of 4

MEM-140-16

Senior Democrat seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle a diverse portfolio
of issues including science, technology, education, energy, and agriculture.
Staffer must be able to handle multiple projects simultaneously in a
demanding office environment; must have superior written and oral
communications skills; and must be able to interface effectively with
committee staff. This is not an entry-level position and prior Capitol Hill
experience either as a Legislative Correspondent or Legislative Assistant is
required. Please send resume with cover letter to txdemjobs@gmail.com. No
phone calls or walk-ins will be considered.

MEM-135-16

California Democrat seeks a motivated, energetic, and detail-oriented Staff
Assistant/Scheduler for the Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include
coordinating and maintaining the Member’s schedule, front office duties,
conducting Capitol tours, and greeting office visitors. Qualified applicants
must be personable, dependable, and able to juggle multiple tasks with
competing priorities. California ties and Spanish language proficiency
strongly preferred. To apply, please submit resume, cover letter, and a short
writing sample to CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com.

Page 4 of 4

