House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 14, 2019

MEM-029-19

Northeast Democrat seeks enthusiastic Legislative Director to coordinate and
oversee the Member’s legislative agenda, along with advising the Member on
legislative activities and leading legislative staff. This is not an entry-level
position. An ideal candidate will have at least 3 years of legislative experience
on the Hill. Successful applicants must have a demonstrated ability to manage
and mentor staff, think strategically, and have experience in formulating
strategic plans for advancing legislation. Expert knowledge of House
legislative processes and procedures, excellent organization and
communication skills, and the ability to work under pressure and meet
deadlines is required. New Jersey ties are a plus but not required. Interested
parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to NJ10resumes@gmail.com
with the following subject line: First name Last Name - Legislative Director.
Applications received by January 16, 2019 will receive priority. No phone
calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.

Page 1 of 34

MEM-027-19

SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT: Senior Member on the House
Committee on Transportation & Infrastructure is seeking qualified candidates
to staff the Member’s committee assignment in addition to managing a
diverse legislative issue portfolio. Candidates should be accomplished at
drafting, advancing, and analyzing legislation, monitoring legislative
developments, conducting research, and drafting vote recommendations. Ideal
candidates will have strong organizational and time management skills,
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a positive attitude.
Paramount is a solid knowledge of the legislative process as well as an ability
to work under pressure and meet deadlines in an unpredictable work
environment, all while keeping a sense of humor. This is not an entry-level
legislative position. 2-3 years of Hill experience strongly preferred. MidSouth ties are a plus but not required. Women and minority candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply. Interested individuals should e-mail a resume
and 2 recent writing samples (no longer than 2 pages each) to
tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: [First name]
[Last Name] – Senior Legislative Assistant. Please be aware this office has a
dog. No phone calls, faxes, or walk-ins, please.

MEM-025-19

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks
an attorney for an investigative counsel position. The Committee’s
investigative counsels are responsible for conducting investigations and
adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members and staff of the
U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position which requires
the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from political or
partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and
written/oral communications skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary
to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience
in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics; criminal
law; employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the
workplace; civil litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications;
depositions; and financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative
Counsel” in the subject line.

Page 2 of 34

MEM-024-19

Democratic House member from California seeks pro-active, experienced
communications director to develop and implement strategic media plan in a
fast-paced and results -driven environment. Must have proven track-record,
and ability to manage website and social media tools. Outstanding writing
skills and strong pitching skills are required. This is not an entry level
position. Qualified candidates should submit resume and cover letter to
commstaffer@gmail.com.

MEM-022-19

New England Democrat seeks a motivated and savvy Digital Specialist to
support and contribute to the efforts of the communications team. The
requirements of this position include the production of high-quality web
graphics and videos, as well as filming, taking photos, and livestreaming
events. Candidates must possess strong technical skills, advanced creativity
and artistic ability, a high level of attention to detail, and strong writing skills.
Applicants should have experience with Adobe Photoshop, Premiere, and
Illustrator. Experience executing paid social media campaigns a plus.
Responsibilities include developing creative graphics, editing and creating
custom videos, photography, and assisting with traditional press, all under
tight deadlines.
Applicants should send cover letter, resume, and two writing samples to
Hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-ins.

MEM-020-19

The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a
Staff Assistant to handle administrative tasks, event coordination, workflow
tracking, research and other tasks as needed. He or she will work directly with
the Staff Director.
A qualified candidate has a bachelors’ degree and Hill experience or
knowledge of American politics. He or she should be extremely organized,
hardworking, creative and willing to handle any task necessary get the job
done. A degree in economics, political science or a related field is helpful but
not required. Perfect job for organized, self-starter looking to work in a fastpaced environment and gain Hill experience.

Page 3 of 34

The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to
senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and referral
number 224743 in the subject line. All application materials must be
submitted by 5:00 pm EST on February 11.

MEM-019-19

The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a
Senior Policy Analyst to research and write reports, policy memos and other
materials; prepare briefing documents for Congressional hearings; monitor
economic indicators; conduct quantitative analyses; and oversee the work of
mid-level policy staff.
A qualified candidate has a master’s degree in economics, or an MPP degree.
In addition, he or she should have excellent quantitative and analytical skills;
be able to convey complex information to a non-expert audience; and write
clearly and to give careful feedback on others’ writing. He or she should have
proficiency with Haver and working with government databases including
Current Population Survey (CPS) and Current Employment Statistics (CES).
Experience with STATA, EViews, Matlab, or R is a plus.
Applicants should have two+ years in experience in government, think tank or
academic research. Experience with the following issues are a plus: trade,
climate change, health care, family workplace policies, immigration,
consumer protection, automation, outsourcing, inequality, taxation, federal
debt or other topics that relate to current issues in economics. Hill experience
is preferred but not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and
referral number 224744 in the subject line. All application materials must be
submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11.

Page 4 of 34

MEM-018-19

The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a
Press Assistant to work as part of a three-person communications team.
Responsibilities include monitoring media coverage; compiling press clips;
maintaining press lists; drafting press releases, organizing press events; and
assisting with social media.
A qualified candidate has bachelor’s degree in economics, journalism,
English, political science or a related field; a proven ability to write well;
experience with social media; excellent attention to detail and accuracy; and
strong research skills. Hill experience preferred but not required. Basic
graphics or video experience a plus.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and
referral number 224746 in the subject line. All application materials must be
submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11.

MEM-017-19

The Democratic Staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks
a Communications Director to design and implement an aggressive and
creative communications strategy in a challenging media environment.
Responsibilities include developing strong relationships with reporters;
pitching stories; developing messaging; writing press releases, speeches, opeds and other documents; planning and reviewing documents by policy staff;
preparing the Vice Chair for interviews; building relationships with the
communication staffs of other committees and offices; and managing a
Digital Media Associate and a Press Assistant.
A qualified candidate has a minimum of five years of experience in
communications; an ability to think creatively about strategy and to find
opportunities where others don’t see them; demonstrated ability to convey
complex information to a wide audience; excellent writing and editing skills,
professional experience or coursework in economic or related issues; social
media experience; and the ability to manage a team. Hill or other political
experience is strongly preferred by not required. Knowledge of economic
issues is a plus.

Page 5 of 34

The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and 3-5 writing
samples to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and
referral number 224751 in the subject line. All application materials must be
submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11.

MEM-016-19

The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a
Digital Media Manager to work as part of a three-person communications
team. Responsibilities include helping to create an innovative social media
strategy; writing, posting and monitoring social media content; reaching out
to social media staff at other organizations; and substantially increasing the
number and quality of followers.
A qualified candidate has bachelor’s degree; a minimum of two years
working as a social media professional; proven ability to write social media
content; excellent attention to detail and accuracy; and strong research skills.
Hill experience preferred but not required. Basic graphics or video experience
a plus.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and a substantial
selection of tweets and Facebook posts (in a Word or PDF document) to
senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and referral
number 224750 in the subject line. All application materials must be
submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11.

MEM-015-19

The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a
Research Assistant to help policy staff research, write and fact-check reports,
policy briefs, hearing memos, charts and other documents.
A qualified candidate has a bachelor’s or master’s degree in economics,
political science or a related degree. In addition, he or she should have
excellent analytical skills; an ability to process and simplify complex issues;
Page 6 of 34

meticulous attention to detail and an ability to handle multiple projects
simultaneously. Hill experience is preferred but not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and
referral number 224745 in the subject line. All application materials must be
submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11th.

MEM-014-19

The Democratic Staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks
an Editor to write, edit and frame Committee materials. Editor will play key
role in shaping Committee reports, releases, speeches, op-eds and other
documents.
A qualified candidate has a minimum of five years of experience in
journalism or communications; excellent writing and editing skills; an ability
to work on multiple projects simultaneously; demonstrated ability to convey
complex information to a wide audience; mastery of grammar, punctuation
and style; and professional experience or strong interest in economic issues.
The ideal candidate will have worked in news environment as a
reporter/editor, or as an editor at a think tank.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and 3-5 writing
samples to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and
referral number 224748 in the subject line. All application materials must be
submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11.

Page 7 of 34

MEM-013-19

The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks
an Economist to research and write reports, policy memos and other
materials; participate in long-term planning of hearings and reports; prepare
briefing documents for Congressional hearings; monitor economic indicators;
conduct quantitative analyses; and oversee the work of mid-level policy staff.
A qualified candidate has a Ph.D. or master’s degree in economics, or an MPP
degree and excellent quantitative and analytical skills. In addition, he or she
should be able write clearly and to give careful feedback on others’ writing;
convey complex information to a non-expert audience. He or she should have
proficiency in STATA, EViews, Matlab, or R, as well as solid experience
with Haver and government databases including the Current Population
Survey (CPS) and Current Employment Statistics (CES).
Applicants should have two+ years of experience in government, think tank
or academic research. Experience with the following issues are a plus: trade,
climate change, health care, family workplace policies, immigration,
consumer protection, automation, outsourcing, inequality, taxation, federal
debt or other topics that relate to current issues in economics. Hill experience
is preferred but not required.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and
referral number 224749 in the subject line. All application materials must be
submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11.

MEM-012-19

The Democratic staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee seeks a
Policy Analyst to help researching and writing reports; drafting policy
memos and other documents; preparing for hearings; and fact checking. He or
she will report to the senior policy staff and will work closely with the
communications team.
A qualified candidate has at least a bachelors’ degree in economics, political
science or a related degree; a master’s degree, especially an MPP, is
preferred. In addition, he or she should have excellent quantitative and
analytical skills; the ability to write clearly; and an ability to convey complex
information to a non-expert audience. Hill experience preferred but not
Page 8 of 34

required. Experience with Haver and working with government databases
including Current Population Survey (CPS) and Current Employment
Statistics (CES) are a plus. Two to five years of work experience is expected.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to senate_employment@saa.senate.gov indicating the job title and
referral number 224747 in the subject line. All application materials must be
submitted by 5:00 pm EST on January 11.

MEM-011-19

Congresswoman Diana DeGette seeks a District Director based in her
Denver office. The full job description is below. The ideal candidate will be
creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be able to have fun
while maintaining a busy schedule. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to
degettedistrictdirectorsearch@gmail.com.
SUMMARY:
The District Director manages all aspects of district office operations
including community outreach, casework, and staff oversight and represents
the Congresswoman at events and meetings throughout the community.
Essential Management Functions
•Manages district office staff; including planning, assigning and directing
work. addressing complaints; and resolving problems.
•Manages district office budget and finances.
•Manages the Congresswoman’s schedule in coordination with the district
scheduler.
•Manages staff outreach to the local community with the assistance of the
outreach coordinator.
•Oversees the management of constituent casework with the Deputy District
Director coordinator.
•Ensures clear communication with the DC office and regular reporting of
district office activities to the Congresswoman.
•Coordinates closely with DC staff to develop and implement the overall
strategic plan for the Congresswoman’s staff.
Additional Essential Job Functions
•Initiates and maintains key relationships with elected and non-elected leaders
Page 9 of 34

in the congressional district.
•Develops a keen understanding of the local political climate and the needs
and concerns of all the constituencies within the congressional district.
•Actively promotes the Congresswoman’s legislative goals and
accomplishments in the local community.
•Maintains direct outreach connections with specific constituencies as
assigned based on experience and the needs of the office.
•Represents the Congresswoman and/or assigns appropriate staff to do so in
meetings and at events with elected officials and local groups in the district.
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends.
•Assists constituents as needed.
•Performs other duties as assigned.

MEM-009-19

Democratic Chair-elect of the House Committee on Science, Space, and
Technology seeks to fill a Clerk opening on the Full Committee staff. Duties
include assisting with the preparation and conduct of markups, assisting with
hearing preparation, maintaining and archiving Committee records, assisting
with the printing of Committee documents, and executing other administrative
duties as needed. Applicants should possess strong organizational and
communication skills, the ability to work under tight deadlines, and be able to
multi-task effectively. Hill experience is required. Previous clerking
experience is strongly preferred. Please send a resume and cover letter to
SciResumes@mail.house.gov. This position will close on January 9, 2019.

MEM-007-19

Description
Rep. Elijah E. Cummings is seeking a detail-oriented communications
professional to join the staff of the Committee on Oversight and Government
Reform as Press Secretary. The ideal candidate should be a strong writer, a
proactive team player, have experience with rapid responses, and be able to
multi-task in a fast-paced environment. This position reports directly to the
Communications Director.
Key Responsibilities
•Develop day-to-day press materials, including press releases, talking points,
statements, and media advisories.
•Field and respond to media inquiries.
•Seek to correct inaccurate reporting.
•Strategize with the Communications Director on interview requests.
•Staff the congressman at interviews and press events.
Page 10 of 34

•Physically manage the press at Committee hearings.
•Work closely with member relations Committee staff to achieve goals for
Committee Members.
•Liaison with committee member and other congressional offices.
•Organize press conferences.
•Assist with overall communications strategy.
•Other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications
•A Bachelor’s degree in Journalism, English, Public Relations, or a closely
related field preferred.
•A minimum of four years of media relations and/or social media
coordination experience.
•Experience with rapid responses.
•A strong ability to perform multiple tasks accurately and efficiently in a fastpaced environment.
•Previous campaign experience a plus.
•Previous Hill experience a plus.
To Apply
Submit a cover letter and resume to oversightpress@mail.house.gov with
“Press Secretary Application” in the subject line. Applications will be
accepted until January 18. Please no drop-by applications, phone calls, or
separate emails.

MEM-006-19

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) seeks Senior Health LA for Washington office.
Not an entry level job. Law degree a plus. Email cover letter, resume, and
three references to: DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. (No calls or drop-ins
please) Reply with subject line, Senior Health LA.

MEM-005-19

Senior California Democrat seeks a motivated, energetic, and detail-oriented
Scheduler for the Washington, DC office. Responsibilities include
coordinating and maintaining the Member’s schedule, drafting personal
correspondence, and occasionally driving the member. Qualified applicants
must be personable, dependable, and able to juggle multiple tasks with
competing priorities. California ties preferred. Sense of humor required. To
apply, please submit resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample to
CADemOfficeJob@gmail.com
Page 11 of 34

MEM-513-18

The Office of Congresswoman-Elect Veronica Escobar (TX-16) seeks a
Scheduler to begin in the new year. This individual will be responsible for
maintaining the Member-Elect's official schedule, travel plans, personal
schedule, along with coordinating press interviews, radio and television time
with the Press Secretary; legislative briefings and hearings with the
Legislative team and other tasks as assigned. This position will also be in
charge of coordinating with the district director all district visits. This is NOT
AN ENTRY LEVEL position. Prior Capitol Hill experience and previous
scheduling and administrative experience (one year in a similar position) is
required. Texas, southwest ties and Spanish language proficiency a plus.
Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. This position will
report directly to the Chief of Staff and will require availability by phone and
email on weekends and evenings. Please email resume, writing sample and
cover letter to tx16resumes@gmail.com with the subject line SCHEDULER
APPLICATION.

MEM-512-18

The Office of Congresswoman-Elect Veronica Escobar (TX-16) seeks a Staff
Assistant to start in the new year and join an active office in Washington,
DC. Responsibilities will include managing front desk operations, answering
phones, sorting mail, coordinating tours, supervising interns, greeting visitors,
processing flag requests and other duties as assigned.
This is an entry-level position and prior Hill internship preferred. Successful
candidates will be able to adapt to a startup environment and work under tight
deadlines. Texas, southwest ties and Spanish language proficiency a plus,
women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Please email
resume, writing sample and cover letter to tx16resumes@gmail.com with the
subject line STAFF ASSISTANT APPLICATION.

MEM-511-18

Progressive New York City Member seeks Legislative Director to oversee
and support the Member’s legislative priorities. Responsibilities include
providing the Member with vote recommendations, setting legislative
priorities and managing staff to achieve them, planning dynamic events to
raise awareness of the Member’s actions, writing talking points, liaising with
community leaders, and spearheading legislative initiatives within their own
portfolio. Ideal candidates will have a strong understanding of housing and
immigration policy, an advanced degree, and 3-5 years of legislative
experience on Capitol Hill. Strong written and verbal skills are essential as is
the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. This
is not an entry-level position and New York City ties are a plus.
Page 12 of 34

Interested parties should email a cover letter and resume to
Kendall.Mitchell@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Director” in the subject
line. This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on
the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin,
uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

MEM-510-18

Rep. Ro Khanna, a very active leader of the Progressive Caucus, seeks a
Digital Specialist and Press Aide to create original content in videos, social
media and other messaging vehicles to expand the reach of the Member’s
vision and priorities. This individual will work collaboratively with the
Communications Director in managing the Member’s social media channels
(Facebook, Twitter and Instagram) and using the platforms to frequently share
content and elevate the Member’s online presence.
The Digital Specialist and Press Aide will work the Communications Director
to design and implement a robust communications/digital/social media plan.
This individual will be proficient in video/audio production, graphic design
and editing. Audio and video clips of various topics and events attended by
the Member will be used to develop creative content for use within videos and
online communications distributed by the office.
Successful candidates will possess at least two years of relevant video
experience in a legislative office, political organization or progressive
advocacy group; proficiency in video filming, editing and graphic design
software; knowledge of live-streaming platforms, digital trends and
developments in media; and strong organizational, time-management,
problem-solving and story-telling skills. After hours and weekend
responsiveness will be required.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
two writing samples, three graphic design samples and links to three samples
of video work. Please apply to RepRoKhannaCA17@gmail.com, applications
will be accepted on a rolling basis.

MEM-509-18

Press/Digital Assistant – Progressive Democrat and Senior Member of the
House Judiciary Committee is seeking a Press/Digital Assistant to work
closely with the Communications Director to elevate the Member’s
communications operation. Duties will include monitoring and maintenance
of the Member’s social media accounts, drafting and posting content for
social media, producing graphics and videos, maintaining the website,
compiling daily press clips, meticulously proofreading and fact-checking
written materials (including letters, social media posts, press releases,
Page 13 of 34

newsletters, talking points, and more), creating e-newsletters and franked
mailings, creating targeted mailing lists for mass outreach campaigns, and
other responsibilities assigned. The ideal candidate will be organized, detailoriented, tech-savvy, able to work long hours in a fast-paced environment,
have superior writing and proofreading skills and the ability to work closely
with a communications and legislative team. Ties to Tennessee’s 9th District,
previous congressional or campaign experience, and
photography/videography/graphic design skills strongly preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, 2 writing samples,
an original graphic and/or video, and sample tweets to
tn09jobs18@mail.house.gov. Please write “Press/Digital Assistant” in the
subject line. Please be aware this office has a dog. No phone calls, faxes, or
walk-ins, please.

MEM-508-18

Digital Director/Washington Press Assistant – The office of Rep. Debbie
Wasserman Schultz seeks an experienced Digital Director and Press Assistant
to handle a range of fast-paced media issues, and will report to the
Communications Director. Duties will include working with local and
national reporters; long-term planning; drafting e-newsletters, social media
posts, press releases, op-eds and speeches. This position will be responsible
for managing digital media accounts and producing video content. It requires
excellent writing skills and an ability to work closely with legislative and
district staff. This is a fast-paced work environment, and not an entry-level
position. Prior work in another Congressional or Senate office with Florida
ties, and graphic design capabilities, are a plus. Interested parties should email a cover letter and resume to FL23ResumeComm@mail.house.gov with
the subject line “Digital Director/Press Assistant.” Please save cover letter
and resume in a single file (pdf preferred) and name the file “Last name, First
name.” This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate
on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin,
uniformed status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

MEM-507-18

The office of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz is seeking an
experienced Legislative Director/Counsel to oversee and support the
Member’s legislative priorities and all other relevant legislative and policy
work.
Responsibilities include advising the Member on all matters in the issue
portfolio and advancing legislative proposals; analyzing legislation and
drafting vote recommendations and talking points for floor and committee
proceedings; staffing the Member in relevant meetings; representing the
Page 14 of 34

Member before constituents and stakeholders; and supervising the legislative
staff. The ideal candidate will have a law or advanced degree; significant
foreign policy and Jewish Community experience; experience advising a
Member of Congress, experience managing staff ; experience advancing
policy proposals; excellent written and verbal communication skills; and
enjoy working in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Prior work in
another Congressional or Senate office with Florida ties is a plus. Interested
parties should e-mail a cover letter and resume to
FL23Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Legislative
Director/Counsel.” Please save cover letter and resume in a single file (pdf
preferred) and name the file “Last name, First name.” This office is an equal
opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color,
age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status, sexual orientation,
or gender identity or expression.
MEM-506-18

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff seeks dedicated,
organized and enthusiastic candidates to join the Consumer Protection
Subcommittee staff as Professional Staff Member or Counsel. The broad
jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes consumer affairs and consumer
protection generally; motor vehicle safety; consumer product safety and
product liability; regulation of commercial practices, including sports-related
matters; interstate commerce; consumer privacy and data security; and
regulation of travel, tourism, and time. The subcommittee oversees the
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the Consumer Product
Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Bureau of Consumer
Financial Protection, among others.
The position requires the handling of substantive legislative and
administrative tasks, including staffing hearings and markups, conducting
oversight, and drafting legislation. Qualified candidates must have strong
writing, analytical, legislative, and organizational skills; a proven ability to
perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with competing
priorities; a willingness to work long hours and weekends; and sound political
judgment. Candidates should have experience working with relevant public
interest groups, relevant agencies, Congress, and industry. Law degree
preferred but not required.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability,
or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to
apply. Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and at least two
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line
Consumer Protection PSM/Counsel Candidate.

Page 15 of 34

MEM-505-18

The Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Staff seeks dedicated,
organized and enthusiastic candidates to join the Communications and
Technology Subcommittee staff as Professional Staff Member or Counsel.
The jurisdiction of the subcommittee includes traditional and emerging
communications technologies generally and as they relate to emergency and
public safety communications, consumer protection, cybersecurity, privacy,
and data security. The subcommittee oversees the Federal Communications
Commission, the National Telecommunications and Information
Administration, the Office of Emergency Communications in the Department
of Homeland Security, and all aspects of the above-referenced jurisdiction
related to the Department of Homeland Security.
The position requires the handling of substantive legislative and
administrative tasks, including staffing hearings and markups, conducting
oversight, and drafting legislation. Qualified candidates must have strong
writing, analytical, legislative, and organizational skills; a proven ability to
perform under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with competing
priorities; a willingness to work long hours and weekends; and sound political
judgment. Candidates should have experience working with relevant public
interest groups, the FCC, Congress, and industry. Law degree preferred but
not required.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin,
religion, sex (including marital or parental status), gender identity, disability,
or age. Women, minority, and veteran candidates are highly encouraged to
apply. Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and at least two
professional references to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov using the subject line
C&T PSM/Counsel Candidate.

Page 16 of 34

MEM-504-18

Events Coordinator/Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of
Congress seeks an energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the team
of her very active and visible constituent services staff.
The Events Coordinator is also a caseworker who helps constituents with
federal issues but spends a good part of the time managing and directing very
diverse city-wide and neighborhood events that relate to the
Congresswoman’s congressional and constituent responsibilities, including
staying on top of everyday events in the Member’s district that keep the
community connected to the Member’s work. The Events Coordinator takes
the lead in our frequent Norton-In-Your Neighborhood meetings with
constituents and in developing major events, among them, the Small Business
Fair and Job Fair.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks. The office prizes staff able to
think outside the box and work independently while also being available to
assist in co-worker projects where necessary or requested. Prior community or
event planning experience is desirable. The ideal candidate will have a
bachelor’s degree, excellent writing and communication skills, experience
interacting with the public and leadership qualities. Candidate must be a
resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to DC if
hired.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter and references to
dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-499-18

A Maryland Democrat seeks a high-energy, highly-organized, and detailoriented Constituent Service Representative for his District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
●Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.
●Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
●Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships
Page 17 of 34

for the Member.
●Serve as the official representative for the Member at community events in
the District.
●Provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and events for the
Member.
QUALIFICATIONS:
●Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
●Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
●Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
●Thorough knowledge of agencies and casework processes.
●Strong oral and written communication skills.
●Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
●Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
●Maryland ties are a plus.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to md06.jobs@gmail.com
with “Constituent Service Representative” in the subject line. No phone calls
or walk ins.

MEM-498-18

A Maryland Democrat seeks a high-energy, highly-organized, and detailoriented Field Representative for his District Office.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
●Serve as the official representative for the Member in the community.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations to form effective relationships
for the Member.
●Monitor and update the Member and District Director on district and local
issues of importance.
●Staff and provide logistical support for scheduled district meetings and
events for the Member.
●Assess local and casework related issues for problems requiring possible
legislative action; make recommendations to the District Director.
●Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
●Provide casework assistance to constituents in a timely and efficient manner;
proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is reached.

Page 18 of 34

QUALIFICATIONS:
●Thoroughness and careful attention to detail.
●Ability to work well under pressure while juggling multiple tasks with
competing priorities.
●Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities.
●Availability to work long hours, including nights and weekends, if needed.
●Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others.
●Strong oral and written communication skills.
●Thorough knowledge of legislative process.
●Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is
involved.
●Maryland ties are a plus.
To apply, please email a resume and cover letter to md06.jobs@gmail.com
with “Field Representative” in the subject line. No phone calls or walk ins.

Page 19 of 34

Page 20 of 34

MEM-481-18

House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Incoming Majority (Democratic) Staff
seeks Communications Director to serve as spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the incoming Democratic Chairman. Qualified
candidates will have significant on-the-record press experience, a
demonstrated understanding of veterans’ issues, superior written
communications skills, and a demonstrated ability to craft and execute a
strategic communications plan. The office is an equal opportunity employer
and encourages women, minorities, and LGBTQ candidates to apply.
Veterans are also strongly encouraged to apply. Please submit cover letter and
resume to hvactransition@gmail.com with “Communications Director” in the
subject line.
Position Summary:
- The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the incoming Democratic Chairman. They will be
responsible for managing the execution of the committee’s strategic
communications plan and overseeing day-to-day press activities, which
include responding to media inquiries, booking the Chairman for interviews,
pitching news stories to media outlets, working with policy leads to develop
core messaging and talking points, and producing press releases, speeches,
and op-eds that are at or near finished product. The Communications Director
will also oversee other Committee press staff.
Essential Job Functions:
Page 21 of 34

-Craft and execute the committee’s strategic communications plan and core
message
-Speak to the media on the record, while maintaining a good working
relationships with veterans reporters, and pitch members of the press
promoting the Chairman’s agenda
- Remain abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which
the Chairman may be questioned
-Evaluate current events and news reports across the country for their impact
on the Chairman
-Provide ideas and advice on the optics of the Chairman’s actions and
legislative activities
-Produce press releases, media advisories, briefing materials, talking points,
op-eds, and speeches
-Work closely with Chairman’s personal office staff to get official press
statements out the door
-Be innovative, think outside of the box for messaging opportunities, be
willing and capable of engaging new media (YouTube, video news platforms
like NowThis, podcasts, etc.) as well as traditional press
-Be able to see a thorough press roll out of legislation or high profile
committee hearings through completion (including traditional press releases,
digital messaging, and story placements)
-Develop proactive press events in conjunction with legislative staff to convey
the Chairman’s message and engage key constituencies
-Staff the Chairman at press events
-Oversee the collection and tracking of press clips
-Track communications goals
-Manage communications budget
-Support staff in developing their own communications skills
-Oversee the Press Assistant and Digital Assistant
Qualifications:
-3-4+ years’ experience as a Communications Director, Press Secretary, or
similar public relations role
-Ability to engage with stakeholders/VSOs to get the Chairman’s/Committee
message out there and keep the public informed and work hand in hand with
policy team to move legislative priorities forward.
-Experience crafting and executing an effective, fast-paced communications
strategy
-Previous on-the-record press experience
-Superior writing, editing, and proofing skills
-Demonstrated ability to dissect complex topics and make them relevant to a
wide audience
-Previous military service and/or strong familiarity with veterans’ issues
-Willing to execute day-to-day tasks and work successfully within a team
-Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, prioritize tasks, and adapt

Page 22 of 34

quickly and easily for rapid response

Page 23 of 34

MEM-465-18

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT: Northeast Democrat seeks legislative staffer
to handle diverse policy portfolio. Candidates should be accomplished at
drafting, advancing, and analyzing legislation, monitoring legislative
developments, conducting research, and drafting vote recommendations. Ideal
candidates will have strong organizational and time management skills;
excellent written and verbal communication skills; positive attitude and
disposition suited to the work environment; solid knowledge of the legislative
Page 24 of 34

process; and an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in an
unpredictable work environment. This is not an entry-level legislative
position. New Jersey ties are a plus but not required. Women and minority
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested parties should e-mail a
cover letter and resume to NJ10resumes@gmail.com with the following
subject line: First name Last Name - Legislative Assistant. No phone calls,
faxes, or walk-ins, please.

MEM-460-18

Press Assistant
The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated
and hardworking communications professional to join fast-paced
communications team as a press assistant. Responsibilities include drafting
news releases, social media posts, op-eds and talking points; designing
graphics for both social media and web content; monitoring social media for
trending topics; maintaining and updating press lists; and compiling daily
press clips. Qualified candidates must have excellent written and oral
communication skills, a proven ability to perform under pressure while
juggling multiple tasks and sound political judgment. Prior Hill or campaign
communications experience, as well as professional social media and digital
experience (including graphic design and photo and video editing), is
preferred. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. Please no walk ins or phone calls.

MEM-459-18

Press Secretary
The Energy and Commerce Committee Democratic Staff seeks a motivated
and hardworking communications professional to join fast-paced
communications team to manage communications for our Energy and
Environment subcommittees. Responsibilities include writing
communications materials (news releases, statements, op-eds, and talking
points); managing press inquiries; maintaining strong relationships with
reporters who cover the committee; and coordinating with the
communications staff of committee members. Qualified candidates must have
Page 25 of 34

excellent written and oral communication skills; the ability to comprehend
and summarize complex legislation quickly; a proven ability to perform under
pressure while juggling multiple tasks; and sound political judgment.
Candidates should have at least 3 years of experience in a relevant field.
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Prior Hill,
energy/environmental communications, or campaign experience is preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-457-18

Democratic full committee office seeks staff assistant. This individual will
be responsible for answering phones, sorting mail, greeting visitors, and other
duties as assigned. Interested applicants should possess an outgoing
personality, have the ability to multi-task, and possess strong organizational
skills. Proficiency in Spanish is required. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please send cover letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the
position name in the subject line.

MEM-456-18

The Committee on Education and the Workforce, Democratic Staff is
currently seeking a Deputy Clerk to assist the Chief Clerk in the 116th
Congress. Duties include, but are not limited to archiving and records
keeping, notices and circulations, official filings, editing letters and reports,
hearing, markup and conference logistics and proceeding, bill drops and floor
logistics, redlines, updates to the website, managing intern and fellowship
program, maintaining the documents room, updating and maintaining the
Committee Calendar and all other duties as assigned. Candidates should
possess exceptional organizational skills, be comfortable with public
speaking, and have excellent writing and research skills. The Deputy clerk
will be required to assume all clerking duties in the absence of the Chief
Clerk. Previous congressional experience is highly encouraged. Salary
commensurate with experience. Interested applicants should email their cover
letter, resume and writing sample to jobs_ewdems@mail.house.gov. To
ensure proper identification, please put “DEPUTY CLERK APPLICATION”
in the subject line.

MEM-454-18

House Committee on Judiciary Democrats seek a motivated, creative, digitalsavvy strategist to serve as Digital Media Manager. Responsibilities include:
·Developing the Committee’s social media strategy;
·Drafting social media posts;
Page 26 of 34

·Maintaining and updating the website;
·Creating graphics;
·Creating videos;
·Compiling and distributing news clips;
·And working on special projects.
Candidates must have strong writing skills, experience working in digital
media, and the ability to work under tight deadlines. Please send a writing and
graphic sample, along with a resume and cover letter to
HouseJudDemsJob@mail.house.gov. Minorities, women, and LGBTQ
persons are strongly encouraged to apply. This is not an entry level position.

MEM-448-18

New York Congressman is seeking an experienced press secretary to join his
DC office. The press secretary is responsible for developing and executing a
media strategy, which includes writing press releases, talking points, and opeds, while also managing the Member's social media pages, web site, pitching
story ideas and working closely with reporters. Must have on-the-record
experience and strong writing skills. Candidates with NY ties a plus. This is
not an entry level position.
Please send resume and writing sample to ny03.resumes@gmail.com. Phone
calls and drop-ins not accepted.

MEM-443-18

Senior Energy and Commerce Democrat seeks a Climate Change and
Environment Legislative Assistant. The primary responsibilities for this
position will be leading the Member’s existing climate initiatives, identifying
new areas for legislative action, and coordinating with other Members and
outside stakeholders. Additional duties will be based on experience and
include other environmental and natural resources priorities.
This is not an entry level position. Significant experience working on climate
policy is required and previous Hill experience is preferred. The ideal
candidate will be creative and proactive, possess a strong work ethic, and be
able to have fun while maintaining a busy schedule. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to
apply. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and writing
sample to seniordemclimatejob@gmail.com.
Page 27 of 34

MEM-439-18

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
hardworking staff assistant to join our Washington, DC-based team.
The staff assistant will be responsible for answering phones, processing mail,
assisting with constituent requests for information, coordinating tours,
drafting correspondence, and other administrative duties and projects as
needed. The person also will handle some light press assistant duties,
including compiling press clips, monitoring media, drafting e-newsletters and
press releases, updating the website, and fielding some media inquiries.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, and committed to
individual liberty, economic freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The applicant must possess excellent communication and time-management
skills, the ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to
work cooperatively and courteously with others.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. Hill experience is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "staff assistant applicant" in the subject
line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

MEM-438-18

Senior Democratic Member seeks a Communications Director to lead a fastpaced press shop. The ideal candidate must be a talented writer, capable of
producing speeches, op-eds, floor statements, press responses, briefing
memoranda, and talking points under tight timelines. The Communications
Director will also manage the Member’s national media profile and
coordinate with the Digital Media Manager to implement a robust digital
media strategy.
An understanding of the legislative process, an ability to quickly grasp and
distill policy issues, and excellent oral and written communications skills are
required. The successful candidate will also be a team player who work well
with others. This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have
Page 28 of 34

previous Capitol Hill experience and a proven record of securing national
press coverage for their boss’ work.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply. Interested applicants should send a resume,
cover letter, and writing sample to seniordemcommsjob@gmail.com.

MEM-437-18

TITLE: Legislative Director
REPORTS TO: Member and the Chief of Staff
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to advise the Member on all legislative areas;
•to assist in development of policy positions and legislative initiatives; and
•to manage and supervise the office's legislative staff.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
•at least 3 years of legislative experience;
•at least 1 years of management experience;
•strong academic credentials;
•strong leadership and organizational skills;
•excellent oral and written communication skills;
•ability to work well under pressure;
•thorough knowledge of the legislative process; and
•availability to work long hours and at night.
PREFFERED QUALIFICATIONS
•at least 5 years of legislative experience
•at least 2 years of management experience
•completion of an advanced degree
•experience in and/or knowledge of New York state government and politics;
particularly upstate New York
DUTIES:
•ensures that the legislative staff is properly focused on the Member's
legislative goals;
•works to formulate positions on legislative issues;
•monitors legislative activity on the House floor and handles long-term and
short-term legislative planning for the Member;
•oversees the progression of bills with which the Member is involved as they
move from Committee to the floor;
•recommends strategies and tactics on bills and positions; • assigns legislative
staff areas of responsibility;
•trains and supervises legislative staff;
•schedules and directs legislative staff meetings;
Page 29 of 34

•meets with groups of key constituents or other office visitors, as necessary;
•recommends co-sponsorships of legislation to the Member;
•writes and reviews legislative memos;
•hires legislative staff, with approval of the Chief of Staff/Administrative
Assistant and the Member, when necessary;
•oversees activities of the office in the absence of the Chief of
Staff/Administrative Assistant;
•maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation in which the Member is a principal sponsor, or legislation which
the Member is a cosponsor;
•monitors and reports on floor action to the Member and the Chief of
Staff/Administrative Assistant;
•coordinates responses to all legislative mail;
•assists organizations and constituents in the district with federal matters; and
•performs other duties as assigned.
Please respond with position you are applying for in the subject line with
resume and writing sample to nyresume2@gmail.com

MEM-436-18

TITLE: Staff Assistant
REPORTS TO: Chief of Staff
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•to answer the telephones;
•to greet visitors to the office;
•to answer constituent requests for general information, tours, and other
inquiries;
•to monitor delivery and pickup of materials;
•to maintain front office; and
•to assist with various administrative and legislative duties.
•occasionally driving the member to and from events
QUALIFICATIONS:
•minimum of 1 year office experience; congressional internship experience
preferred
•professional telephone manner;
•proficiency in word processing;
•excellent organizational and proofreading skills;
•ability to use photocopier, facsimile machine and other office equipment;
•ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; and
•availability to work long hours, if necessary.
•valid drivers license

Page 30 of 34

DUTIES:
•answers and screens telephone calls for the Member and other staff members
and takes messages;
•greets and screens visitors;
•assists persons who have appointments with the Member or other staff
members. Works closely with the Member's Scheduler to ensure that the
Member's appointments are on time and that the Scheduler is aware of the
visitors' arrival;
•responds to constituent requests for flags, tours and other information;
•maintains handout literature regarding the district and the House;
•signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to the office to
appropriate staff members in a timely manner;
•maintains the office answering machine or voice mail;
•ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff
member in a timely manner;
•writes down visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
•logs in mail;
•tracks library books from the Library of Congress;
•performs general typing and administrative assignments;
•sends, receives, and distributes materials via the facsimile machine; and
•performs other administrative and legislative duties as assigned.
Please respond with position you are applying for in the subject line with
resume and writing sample to nyresume2@gmail.com

MEM-430-18

A Southern Democrat seeks a Communications Director to manage an
active communications operation. Successful candidates will have superb
written and verbal communication skills, be comfortable multi-tasking, have
excellent attention to detail, and work well under pressure. Primary
responsibilities include (but not limited to) managing press releases, speeches,
op-eds, and letters to the editor, and other written material for the Member,
managing an active social media presence, managing e-newsletters, and
graphic design. The Communications Director will work closely with the
Press Assistant and other press team members to finalize
press/communication products and strategy. The Communications Director
will staff the member during press events, media interviews, and other events
as needed. Candidates must be available nights and weekends as situations
require. This is not an entry-level position, experience is required. The office
is an equal opportunity employer and diverse candidates are encouraged to
apply at nchousejobs@gmail.com.

Page 31 of 34

MEM-422-18

Senior Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior Legislative
Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the Financial
Services Committee and other issues. Candidates should have substantial
experience with financial services issues and substantial Congressional
experience. The successful applicant will possess strong writing and oral
communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable in a fast-paced
environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply, please e-mail a
cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
financeservicesla@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-411-18

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives. Ranking Member
Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of investigative or
litigation experience. Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed
interviews, briefings, and congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse
Page 32 of 34

backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates
must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be selfmotivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line. No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-404-18

The House Small Business Committee (Democratic staff) seeks a staffer to
work on issues related to small business technology, telecommunications, and
trade policy. Candidate must be an outstanding writer, have a demonstrated
capacity to generate new ideas, and the proven ability to analyze legislation.
This is not an entry level position. A graduate degree is strongly preferred.
Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill, federal agency,
private sector or policy think tank experience is preferred. The office is an
equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply. Please send cover letter and resume to
hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position name in the subject line.

Page 33 of 34

Page 34 of 34

