________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 1, 2021

MEM-175-21

Counsel for Congressional Committee – House Budget Committee seeks
experienced lawyer to provide legal advice and counsel on a range of matters,
including the budget resolution and reconciliation process, fiscal law, legislative
drafting and development, oversight, and parliamentary procedures.
The position requires a law degree, excellent communication skills, and the
ability to work effectively under tight deadline. The ideal candidate will have a
record of being proactive and demonstrating initiative and will have several years
of legal experience in the federal government, familiarity with parliamentary
procedure, and a background in fiscal law and legislative drafting. Prior
committee experience or experience at OMB, CBO, or GAO is a plus.
Email resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample (2 to 4 pages) with subject
line “counsel position” to Budget-Democrat.Jobs@mail.house.gov – no phone
calls or walk-ins.

MEM-174-21

The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) is seeking a Senior
Legislative Assistant.
Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), a member of the Budget Committee,
Education and Labor Committee, and House Judiciary Committee, and Chair of
the Congressional Progressive Caucus, seeks an experienced Legislative
Assistant to cover a broad portfolio that includes, but is not limited to, antitrust,
Page 1 of 15

environment, labor and overall issues relating to the economy. As
Congresswoman Jayapal is the Vice Chair of the Antitrust, Commercial and
Administrative Subcommittee of the House Judiciary Committee, antitrust will be
a primary focus within this portfolio.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
●Driving current and new legislative initiatives including idea generation,
legislative drafting and producing accompanying materials, such as speeches,
policy memos, and fact sheets;
●Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for relevant committee hearing and
markups; drafting hearing remarks and questions;
●Representing the Congresswoman’s priorities with external stakeholders;
●Building and maintaining relationships with external and internal stakeholders
including advocacy organizations; academics; fellow Congressional and
Committee offices; and
●Carrying out additional duties as required.
Job Requirements:
●Passionate about public service and committed to progressive values;
●Excellent writing and time management skills;
●Ability to digest new content with a political and ideological lens that is
appropriate for the office;
●Poised, no-drama, flexible, collaborative, team oriented; and
●Eager to learn, grow, and thrive in a dynamic and high-paced environment.
The Office of Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal is an equal opportunity employer.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus. Prior Hill experience is
strongly preferred.
Candidates should submit their resume, cover letter, two writing samples, and
references in PDF format to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Assistant: [Applicant’s First and Last Name]” in the subject line. For priority
consideration, please submit your application by 6:00 pm on Tuesday, June 1st.
No calls or drop-ins please.
MEM-173-21

Democratic Member seeks an organized, energetic and detail-oriented Scheduler
for Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include:
•Managing Member’s daily and long-term schedule
•Processing and scheduling meeting and event invitations, speaking engagements,
and committee hearings
•Booking travel arrangements for the Member
•Keeping Member on schedule throughout day
Page 2 of 15

•Managing the office’s inventory and procurement
•Assisting the Chief of Staff with employee onboarding/offboarding and
employee records
•Additional duties as assigned
The individual will work closely with the Member, Chief of Staff, and district
staff. Candidates must be highly organized, attentive to detail, and capable of
thriving in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment. Previous
scheduling/office management experience, including a strong background in
Outlook scheduling functions, is a must.
Our office is committed to, and benefits from, a diverse staff, and candidates of
all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
To apply send a resume, a list of three references, and a cover letter
to ca49.applications@mail.house.gov with the subject line: Scheduler
Application (Last name, First name). Incomplete applications will not be
considered.
MEM-172-21

Rural Oregon Congressman seeks a driven and organized individual to serve as a
Field Representative/Caseworker in the Representative’s district office in
Oregon. Ideal candidates will have a bachelor’s degree, excellent written and
verbal communication skills, impeccable time management skills, and an ability
to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
Duties Include:
•Acts as the grass roots representative for the Member within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, verbal
communications with constituents, and acting as liaison with federal, district, and
local agencies. The individual will also engage with city, county, district, the
chamber of commerce, and other groups to form effective relationships with the
Member;
•Assesses casework for issues requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and/or Chief of Staff;
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information significant
to the office;
•Prepares reports for the Congressman and Chief of Staff on district activities in
his or her assigned issue areas; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
Working Conditions:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment, but the Field
Representative/Caseworker will often need to attend and participate in meetings
and public functions out of the office, which at times will include evenings and

Page 3 of 15

weekend events; and
•Ability to work with coworkers in an office setting.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume
to ResumesOR@mail.house.gov.
MEM-171-21

Congressman Dan Kildee seeks a full-time press secretary in Washington, D.C.
The press secretary will help manage communications in a fast-paced
congressional office for a member of House Democratic leadership.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging and include responding to daily media
inquiries, building relationships with national, state and local reporters, pitching
and booking frequent national cable interviews, writing press releases, statements
and media advisories, creating and managing social media content, including
graphics and videos, drafting speeches, talking points and op-eds, and creating
franked communications, including mailers and telephone townhalls. The press
secretary will also be responsible for managing a full-time press assistant and
press interns.
Candidates must have strong written and verbal communication skills, a selfstarting personality, a desire to continually learn in political communications, and
an eagerness to work in a collaborative office environment. This is not an entrylevel position. Michigan ties and Adobe Creative Suite skills preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume and cover letter
to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-170-21

The House Committee on Education and Labor (Democratic staff) seeks a
Professional Staff member responsible for early childhood education and child
welfare legislation.
Candidates should have familiarity with federal early childhood education
programs, including the Child Care and Development Block Grant and Head
Start, as well as child welfare legislation, including the Child Abuse Prevention
and Treatment Act. Knowledge of other federal statutes and policies and how
they impact early childhood education and child welfare policy is preferred.
Applicants should have at least two years of prior experience in Congress, federal
government or advocacy organization is strongly preferred. Duties will include
supporting the development of legislation, providing technical assistance to the
Committee and Member offices, researching pertinent issues, preparing written
materials and legislative analyses, and supporting the execution of committee
proceedings and events related to early childhood education and child welfare.
Salary range is between $65,000 and $80,000.

Page 4 of 15

To apply, applicants must submit a resume and two short writing samples
demonstrating a proficiency in policy analysis to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Early Childhood Professional Staff Position" in the subject line. Please apply no
later than June 4, 2021.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to
apply.
MEM-169-21

Congresswoman Katie Porter (CA-45) seeks a Staff Assistant to serve in her
Washington, DC office. The ideal candidate will have the creativity, drive, and
interest in supporting the constituent outreach work of the office.
The position will be responsible for welcoming office visitors; processing
constituent casework; drafting constituent correspondence, processing flag and
tour requests; managing a DC based intern; logging constituent mail; and other
administrative duties as assigned. Additional responsibilities may include drafting
meeting memos, conducting research for staff reports and policy memos, and
assisting the scheduler.
The ideal candidate will have a solution-oriented personality, be able to work in a
fast-paced environment, be highly organized, detail-oriented, and an excellent
writer. Familiarity with a second-language, Intranet Quorum (IQ), and ties to CA45 or Orange County are preferred.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees. The salary for this position is expected to be $40,000.
To apply, send a cover letter and resume to ResumesCA45@mail.house.gov with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line. The deadline for submission is June 4, 2021.

MEM-168-21

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated individual to assume the role of Press Secretary|Digital Director. The
person chosen for the position will work closely with the Communications
Director to develop and execute the Congresswoman’s long-term
communications plan. They will be charged with overseeing the communications
schedule; managing the Member’s digital media accounts, and working with local
and national reporters.
The Press Secretary|Digital Director will be responsible for a wide range of
critical functions, including developing original social media content, designing
graphics, editing and posting videos, maintaining the office’s website, and

Page 5 of 15

managing media lists. Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director
with drafting news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds and other materials.
Qualified applicants must have strong writing, editing, proofreading skills and be
proficient in photography, video recording and editing. They must be detailoriented, news savvy and able to work in a fast-paced, demanding work setting -a sense of humor and ability to be a team player is a must.
Experience with Adobe Creative Cloud Products are a plus.
This is not an entry-level position. Previous experience in press or relevant social
media experience is required.
Southern California|Los Angeles ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Successful applicants will need to demonstrate their writing ability by completing
a writing and editing test.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter including salary requirements, and
two writing samples with “Press Secretary” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-167-21

Analyst for Congressional Committee – The House Budget Committee seeks an
experienced budget analyst for income security, commerce, and housing policy
portfolios.
The job requires strong skills in written and oral communication, policy analysis,
and quantitative analysis, as well as the ability to work effectively under tight
deadlines. The ideal candidate will have several years of experience in federal
budgeting, familiarity with the legislative process, background in income security
(e.g. unemployment insurance, nutrition assistance, and rental assistance),
commerce (e.g. small business support), or federal housing programs, and a
master’s degree in public policy or related field.
Experience at OMB, CBO, or an agency budget office is a plus. The ability to be
a quick learner and be adaptable as circumstances change is at least as important
as depth of subject matter expertise.
Email resume, two BRIEF writing samples (2 to 4 pages each), and cover letter
with subject line “analyst position” to Budget-Democrat.Jobs@mail.house.gov–
no phone calls or walk-ins.

Page 6 of 15

MEM-166-21

Congressman Brendan F. Boyle, a Pennsylvania member of the Ways and Means
Committee, seeks an experienced Senior Legislative Assistant to join his
Washington, DC office.
The Senior Legislative Assistant will support the Congressman with his work on
the Ways and Means Committee and other issues. This position will prepare the
Congressman for committee hearings and markups, floor debate and other
speeches and closely track legislative activity included in the portfolio.
The LA will also be responsible for taking meetings with constituents and
stakeholders and developing and advancing legislation and amendments relevant
to the Congressman. A successful candidate will be extremely organized, an
excellent writer, a proactive self-starter, a strategic thinker and able to work
collaboratively as a part of a close-knit team.
The ideal candidate will have ties to Philadelphia or Pennsylvania and previous
experience with a policy portfolio.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of color and people from underrepresented groups are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and a writing sample
to PA02.Jobs@mail.house.gov with “Senior Legislative Assistant” in the subject
line.

MEM-165-21

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include
assisting the technology needs of Committee staff; editing and maintaining the
Committee’s website; answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and
processing of committee correspondence; providing administrative support in
setting up committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with
accuracy.
This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all Members of
Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity. Applicants must
have excellent organizational skills and a professional telephone manner; good
computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to use good judgment in
responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks
and projects.
Applicants with experience or interest in learning information technology
assistance are strongly encouraged to apply. This is an entry level position with a

Page 7 of 15

starting salary of $38,000 per year. Please email cover letter and resume with
“Staff Assistant” in the subject line to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public. Additionally, successful
candidates will have a positive, solution-driven personality, demonstrate excellent
oral and written communication skills, and show keen attention to detail and an
ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

MEM-162-21

STAFF ASSISTANT: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks a staff
assistant in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include managing the front office, answering phones, processing
and logging constituent mail, greeting visitors, monitoring office deliveries,
scheduling assistance, responding to inquiries, assisting with constituent
casework, and other duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills. Additionally,
successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven personality,
demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and show keen
attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.

Page 8 of 15

Please submit a resume, writing sample, and cover letter (3 pages or less)
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Staff Assistant” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.
MEM-160-21

North Coast Democratic Member of Congress seeks a motivated, organized, and
affable person to serve as a field representative/caseworker in the
Representative’s district office. This position acts as a liaison to federal, district,
and local agencies for the Congressman and constituents and answers casework
correspondence and verbal communications with constituents.
Candidates must be comfortable working with the public, have excellent oral and
written communication skills, problem solving abilities, and have completed a
bachelor’s degree or equivalent. Work experience is preferred and strong
academic credentials are required.
E-mail a resume and cover letter to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “CA02 Field Representative/Caseworker.”
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Acts as the representative for the Congressman within his or her area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies;
•Informs the Congressman and the District Director of all happenings in his or
her assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
•Handles casework assignments;
•Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Congressman;
•Assesses casework for problems requiring legislative action and makes
recommendations to the District Director and Scheduler;
•Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Congressman with constituents;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress;
•Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
•Full-time experience preferred; strong academic credentials required; extensive
community relationships desired.
•Bilingual: English/ Spanish is preferred but not required

Page 9 of 15

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong oral and written communication skills;
•Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
•Knowledge of all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is
involved;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
•Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in fulfillment of
casework responsibilities;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, procedures, and computer applications.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment, but the Field Representative
will often need to attend and participate in meetings and public functions out of
the office including evenings and weekend events. Noise levels are usually
moderate; and
•Ability to work in a small work station without an expectation of privacy.
•Work is currently remote due to COVID-19
MEM-156-21

Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur (OH-9) seeks an experienced Communications
Director to serve in her Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities include creating and implementing a proactive communications
strategy; handling daily media inquiries; writing press releases, opinion pieces,
speeches, and talking points; managing the Congresswoman’s social media;
building relationships with local and national media contacts; as well as working
closely with legislative staff to effectively message policy issues.
Qualified candidates must have excellent communication skills, impeccable
writing, experience speaking on-the-record, and the ability to be a self-starter
while working in a fast-paced environment. Ohio ties are a plus.
This is not an entry-level position. The office is committed to building a diverse
and inclusive team and is an equal opportunity employer.
Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Communications
Director.”
Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-156-21

Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur (OH-9) seeks an experienced Communications
Director to serve in her Washington, D.C. office.

Page 10 of 15

Responsibilities include creating and implementing a proactive communications
strategy; handling daily media inquiries; writing press releases, opinion pieces,
speeches, and talking points; managing the Congresswoman’s social media;
building relationships with local and national media contacts; as well as working
closely with legislative staff to effectively message policy issues.
Qualified candidates must have excellent communication skills, impeccable
writing, experience speaking on-the-record, and the ability to be a self-starter
while working in a fast-paced environment. Ohio ties are a plus.
This is not an entry-level position. The office is committed to building a diverse
and inclusive team and is an equal opportunity employer.
Interested candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to Midwestern.Resume@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Communications
Director.”
Please no walk-ins or phone calls.
MEM-154-21

Congresswoman Katie Porter (CA-45) seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle
environmental issues and support her work on the Natural Resources Committee.
The portfolio will also include energy, transportation, infrastructure, emergency
management, tribal affairs, agriculture, and other issue areas as assigned by the
office.
The ideal candidate must have 2-4 years of Hill or comparable advocacy
experience working on environmental policy or issues relevant to the legislative
portfolio, familiarity with congressional process and procedure, and a
demonstrated ability to design and execute legislative projects.
The ideal candidate will have the creativity, drive, and confidence to propose
original and compelling oversight work, including drafting hearing questions,
oversight letters, and staff reports that resonate with our ideologically diverse
constituents. This is not an entry level position.
Responsibilities include: preparing and staffing the Member for committee
hearings and markups, developing and advancing legislation and other policy
priorities, representing the Member in meetings, building and maintaining
positive relationships with congressional staff, advocacy groups and key
stakeholders (both DC and CA based), and drafting constituent correspondence
and press materials.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. To apply, send a resume and a short writing

Page 11 of 15

sample to ResumesCA45@mail.house.gov with “Legislative Assistant” in the
subject line.
MEM-149-21

Democratic staff of the House Judiciary Committee seeks experienced, hardworking, and creative Communications Director to lead the press operation for
both the Committee and Chairman Nadler’s personal office.
Core responsibilities include serving as an on-the-record spokesperson; working
with national and local media to highlight committee activities and advance the
committee’s agenda; writing press releases, op-eds, talking points, and briefing
materials; booking and preparing the Chairman for interviews; engaging key
stakeholders; organizing press conferences; and managing a team of digital and
press staff.
This is a senior position in a fast-paced office that requires a strong work ethic
and close attention to detail. Candidates must be proactive and have the vision to
develop a long-term communications blueprint that advances key objectives. Onthe-record experience, exceptional writing skills, sound political judgment, and
the ability to work independently and collaboratively, are essential.
An understanding of key policy areas, including constitutional, immigration,
surveillance, and criminal justice issues is desired. The ideal candidate will have
Congressional communications experience and NY ties. This is not an entry level
position.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and two writing
samples to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov.

MEM-148-21

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (CT-05) seeks a Caseworker to join her team in
Waterbury, CT. Ideal candidates will have prior knowledge of federal agencies;
excellent written and verbal communication skills; strong organizational and time
management skills; a positive attitude; and an ability to work under pressure and
meet deadlines in an fast-paced work environment. Bilingual applicants are
preferred.
Duties include:
*Acting as the representative for the Congresswoman within their area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
Page 12 of 15

with federal, district, and local agencies, persons or groups for effective
relationships for the Congresswoman;
*Informing the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in
their assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
*Handling casework assignments and assesses casework for problems requiring
legislative action and makes recommendations to the District Director and Chief
of Staff;
*Monitor scheduled district meetings for the Congresswoman with constituents;
*Logging incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework;
*Preparing periodic reports for the Congresswoman and District Director on
pending cases and district activities in his or her assigned issue areas;
*Continually screening active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
*Maintaining up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office; and
*Performs other duties as assigned.
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Interested
parties should e-mail a concise cover letter including salary requirements and
resume to CT05jobs@mail.house.gov with the following subject line: First Name
Last Name - Caseworker. No phone calls or walk-ins, please.
MEM-143-21

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR - Midwest conservative Republican seeks
a motivated and experienced communications professional to lead development
and execution of all official messaging.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•minimum of 4-6 years of congressional experience;
•strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
•strong oral communication skills;
•understanding of print and broadcast media; existing media relationships a plus.
•thorough knowledge of legislative process;
•knowledge of current issues and events in which the Member is involved;
•ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the representation of
the Member's positions on policy issues;
•availability to work long hours;
•ability to work collaboratively with district office.
DUTIES:
•Responsibilities include writing press releases, media advisories, and
newsletters, crafting content for social media channels, developing graphics and
videos, assisting with media monitoring and pitching press, overseeing clips
collection and distribution, and working with the Communications team to
identify new ways to engage with press and digital audiences
Page 13 of 15

•acts as the formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
•develops and implements media and communications strategy for the Member;
•remains abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Member may be questioned;
•evaluates current events and media reports in the district and the nation for their
impact on the Member;
•provides ideas and advice on the effect in the media of the Member's actions and
legislative activities;
•writes speeches for the Member; and
•performs other duties as assigned.
Interested candidates should email an resume, cover letter and writing sample
to: indianagopjobs@gmail.com
MEM-142-21

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines. A successful
candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the box about
various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or casework
experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-141-21

Legislative Assistant – Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated
and organized lawyer with strong interpersonal, legal and writing skills. The ideal
candidate will be able to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure.

Page 14 of 15

The Legislative Assistant works with the Chief Counsel/Legislative Director and
with the Chief of Staff to develop and implement the Member’s legislative
strategy in his/her issue areas; prepares materials for hearings; drafts legislation,
amendments, and congressional record statements; and conducts research. The
ability to write well under tight deadlines is essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented, problem
solving lawyer and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior
Hill, law firm or similar experience is preferred but not always required.
Candidate must possess a law degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident
of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov

Page 15 of 15

