________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 12, 2021

MEM-242-21

Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03), a member of the House Armed Services
Committee, House Foreign Affairs Committee, and House Small Business
Committee seeks a hard-working Communications Director to serve in his
Washington, D.C. office. This is not an entry-level position and previous political
communications, preferably on Capitol Hill, with extensive-on-the-record
experience is required.
Ideal candidates are team-oriented, self-motivated, empathetic, and curious.
Successful applicants will write well and work quickly under pressure, have
excellent political communications instincts and skills, be a strategic thinker, and
work well with others. This senior staff position reports to the Chief of Staff and
the Congressman and works closely with the entire senior staff team.
RESPONSIBILITES
•Works with legislative, outreach & casework teams to effectively communicate
the activities of the Member and the Office
•Builds and maintains relationships with national and local reporters
•Provides strategic recommendations, advice, planning and execution
•Oversees all official communications (e-newsletters, social media, op-eds, press
releases, etc.) and acts as formal spokesperson for the Congressman
•Monitors current events, media reports, legislative and non-legislative political
issues about which the Congressman may be asked or involved
Page 1 of 13

PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
•4+ years of political/Capitol Hill communications and some management
experience
•Candidates with ties to New Jersey are strongly encouraged to apply
TO APPLY: Email cover letter, resume, two writing samples and 2-3 references
to NJ03resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Communications
Director: [NAME]” Please no unsolicited drop-ins, phone calls, or emails to the
office.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: July 16, 2021 at 5PM EST
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
MEM-240-21

SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT/COUNSEL – Rep. Karen Bass (CA37) seeks a hardworking lawyer with legal, policy, and Hill experience to serve as
a Senior Legislative Assistant/Counsel, with the primary portfolio focusing on the
Member’s Judiciary Committee work.
Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the Member in committee
hearings and markups; drafting talking points and speeches; and researching,
drafting, and introducing legislation. All candidates should be a team player and
possess excellent writing and communication skills, ability to work
independently, and a thorough understanding of the legislative process.
Strong candidates will have good relationships on the Hill with Democrats and
Republicans, the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment, and a
track record of turning ideas into legislation and preferably legislation into law.
This is not an entry-level position.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a short (1-2 page)
writing sample to CA37.HR@mail.house.gov with “Senior Legislative Assistant”
in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, sexual
orientation, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.

Page 2 of 13

MEM-235-21

Republican House Member seeks a Scheduler for his Washington office. The
scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's daily and long-term schedule
in DC and in the District. This individual will work closely with the Member, DC
and District staff.
The ideal candidate will have prior scheduling experience on the Hill or
comparable work environment. This person should be well-organized, detailoriented, self-motivated, and able to work effectively in a fast-paced office.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
invitations and scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; and
managing operational and logistical support for the office.
Applicants should send their resume, and references
to PA09Jobs@mail.house.gov”

MEM-233-21

New York Dem in Leadership Seeks SA/LC
The Office of Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney (D-NY-18) seeks an
enthusiastic, highly organized, creative, and self-motivated professional to serve
as a Staff Assistant/ Legislative Correspondent.
Essential strengths of ideal candidates include excellent writing and
communications skills, strong attention to detail, and the ability to manage a
variety of assignments under tight deadlines.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to greeting visitors, managing
internship program, processing flag and tour requests, organizing incoming mail
and phone messages, providing general administrative support to the office,
assisting staff with policy needs. Candidates must have a strong working
knowledge of the responsibilities and functions of a Congressional office. New
York ties and fun personality are a plus.
Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply. If interested please submit a resume, cover letter, and references
to NY18resumes@gmail.com by EOD July 16th. We will be reviewing
applications on a rolling basis.

MEM-231-21

Counsel for House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights, and
Civil Liberties
The House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil
Rights, and Civil Liberties seeks a dedicated and hard-working lawyer with a
minimum of 5 years of professional legal experience to serve as a subcommittee
counsel.

Page 3 of 13

Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Committee on matters of law and policy within the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction;
drafting legislation; preparing hearings; drafting statements, memos, and briefing
materials; and providing guidance to Democratic House offices on matters of
constitutional and civil rights law.
The counsel will be responsible for handling assignments in a range of issue
areas, including reproductive rights, women’s issues, religious freedom, voting
rights, civil rights litigation, torts and civil procedure, claims against the United
States, separation of powers, federalism, individual constitutional rights, and any
other areas as assigned.
The successful candidate must demonstrate exceptional writing and legal research
skills, a strong work ethic, a professional temperament, and the ability to work on
novel and complex matters under time and other pressures. Such a candidate must
also be able to work collaboratively with a broad range of personalities. In
addition, sound political judgment, prior legislative or policy experience, a
substantive background in civil rights or constitutional law, and a demonstrated
commitment to public service are strongly preferred. A sense of humor is a plus.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population. The Committee strongly encourages women and members
of historically disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The Committee does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Constitution Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-228-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff —Procurement Counsel or Professional Staff Member
(District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks
to fill a Procurement Counsel or Professional Staff Member position on the
Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will have several years of experience
overseeing government procurement awards and performance.
Responsibilities include research, investigations, briefings, and managing
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are
strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail,
work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills.
Page 4 of 13

Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Procurement” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with
the file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.
MEM-227-21

Senior Ways and Means Republican is seeking a legislative assistant/senior
legislative assistant to handle a diverse legislative portfolio. Qualified candidates
will have a minimum of 3 years legislative experience on the Hill and substantial
knowledge of the legislative process and floor procedure. Strong writing, research
and communication skills a must. All resumes handled in strict confidence.
Please forward a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to resumes.FL16@mail.house.gov.

MEM-226-21

STAFF ASSISTANT: The Office of Representative Thomas Massie is seeking a
staff assistant to serve in the Crescent Springs, Kentucky office. Ideal candidate
will be motivated self-starter with outstanding interpersonal, customer service,
time-management, and organizational skills.
Successful candidate will have a positive, solution-driven personality,
demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, show strong
attention to detail, and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Primary responsibilities will include maintaining the front office, answering
phones, processing and logging constituent mail, greeting visitors, monitoring
office deliveries, responding to inquiries, assisting with constituent casework, and
other duties as assigned.
Representative Massie’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation,
gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed
service.
Please submit a resume and cover letter to mary.troutman@mail.house.gov with
“District Staff Assistant” in the subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis until the position is filled.

MEM-218-21

HOUSE COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS
TITLE: Professional Staff Member for Women Veterans Policy – House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs (Majority)

Page 5 of 13

SUMMARY: The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
seeks a Professional Staff Member (PSM) to join its Health Subcommittee staff.
The PSM will manage a portfolio focused on issues impacting women veterans to
include matters related to military service, impacts to women veterans’ health,
well-being, and access to care, benefits, and economic resources, as well as
systemic and structural barriers which may inhibit access. The PSM will report
directly to the staff director of the Subcommittee. Some travel will be required.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Working with Committee leadership to develop an overall policy and legislative
strategy;
•Conducting oversight and investigations within the portfolio;
•Tracking legislative and policy developments within the portfolio;
•Drafting written product, to include memoranda, correspondence, reports, and
public statements;
•Planning and executing hearings and other official events;
•Conducting site visits;
•Developing and drafting legislation;
•Engaging and working with stakeholders to include the Administration, Veterans
Service Organization (VSOs), and others; and,
•Supporting the full Committee and Subcommittee Chairs in advancing the
Committee’s priorities.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Highly qualified candidates will have
significant experience with issues impacting women veterans, as well experience
in government (at any level) or advocacy. Congressional experience is not
required but is a plus. Qualified candidates will be extremely organized, have
excellent oral and written communications skills, have a demonstrated ability to
work on a team, and have a track record of successfully delivering excellent work
in short timeframes.
Candidates will be evaluated on experience, skills, character, and fitness, and how
well they meet the qualifications and requirements. In an effort to build a diverse
and more inclusive work environment, the committee strongly encourages
veterans, minority, women, people with disabilities, and LGBTQ+ candidates to
apply. Starting salary is $90k, commensurate with experience.
HOW TO APPLY: All candidates are required to complete an online application
via https://veterans.house.gov/opportunities to be considered.
Candidates should upload a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and diversity &
inclusion statement.
The diversity & inclusion statement should be 250 words or less and: 1) Explain
how your past personal and/or professional experiences have contributed to your
growth in understanding diversity, equity, and inclusion, and/or 2) Explain how
you plan to engage in diversity, equity
Page 6 of 13

and inclusion matters in this role. Applications will not be considered complete if
there is no diversity & inclusion statement.
MEM-208-21

Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized and
professional individual for the position of Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent. The successful applicant will be personable, organized, possess
excellent communication and time-management skills, the ability to exercise
sound, independent judgment, and the ability to work cooperatively and
courteously with others.
This individual will help manage the constituent mail program, including
monitoring the flow of incoming and outgoing mail, keeping the constituent
database current, responding to constituent correspondence, and working with
legislative staff to maintain a proactive constituent outreach program.
Additional daily tasks include answering phones, processing mail, assisting with
constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, and other administrative
duties supporting the Member and staff as needed. Please note that we may split
this position for two separate hires.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to staffassistantlc@yahoo.com

MEM-205-21

Senior House Democratic Member of the Foreign Affairs Committee seeks
legislative assistant to handle work on that committee and related issues.
In addition to a strong interest and experience in foreign policy issues and the
operations of U.S. foreign affairs agencies, the successful applicant will be
organized, possess excellent communication and time-management skills, the
ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Legislative and/or agency experience a strong plus, though not required. To
apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to foreignpolicyla@yahoo.com

MEM-202-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff —Counsel (District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks
to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will be an
attorney with several years of investigative or litigation experience.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
managing congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior

Page 7 of 13

attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the
file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.
MEM-201-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff —Chief Health Counsel (District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) is
looking for an experienced attorney to lead a team of attorneys and professional
staff in executing the Committee’s health and gender equity-related investigations
and oversight work.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of relevant
investigative, litigation, or regulatory experience. Responsibilities include
managing investigations, taking depositions and transcribed interviews, and
managing congressional hearings.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Chief Health Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover
letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-200-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff – EEO / Whistleblower Protection Investigative Counsel
(District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) is
looking for an Investigative Counsel on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate
will be an attorney with several years of litigation experience, a demonstrated
commitment to civil rights and social justice, and a background in antidiscrimination, employment, whistleblower protection, and retaliation laws.

Page 8 of 13

Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, whistleblower
interviews, briefings, and managing congressional hearings. Candidates must
have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and
possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Employment / Whistleblower Protection” in the subject line. Please attach the
resume and cover letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
MEM-199-21

Representative Spanberger seeks a Staff Assistant for her Washington, D.C.
office. Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized,
detail-oriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal skills, and be
eager to join a mission-oriented team that thrives in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates must demonstrate excellent “people skills” and a strong commitment
to providing outstanding constituent service. The ideal candidate should: be able
to think on their feet and be a problem solver; show keen attention to detail and
an ability to multi-task; demonstrate excellent oral and written skills; maintain a
positive demeanor; and demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
Primary responsibilities include: answering and logging telephone calls,
recruiting and managing interns, assisting the Legislative Correspondent with
batching mail, managing constituent requests for flags and tours, and other
administrative duties. Once the Capitol reopens to the public, responsibilities will
also include greeting visitors to the office and giving Capitol tours.
Additionally, they will manage incoming constituent requests for flags flown
over the Capitol. Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity
employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic
information, disability, or uniformed service.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (3 pages or less) in a
single PDF document to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “DC Staff
Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-198-21

The House Committee on the Judiciary seeks a Professional Staff
Member/Legislative Aide.
Responsibilities include participating in a wide range of oversight projects,
assisting in preparation for Committee hearings and markups, and providing
research assistance.

Page 9 of 13

Ideal candidates must be comfortable producing extensive research into a variety
of issues and have demonstrated experience proof-reading and fact-checking
complex documents. Candidates should additionally be highly detailed-oriented
and organized, experienced handling large volumes of information, and have a
demonstrated ability to meet precise deadlines in a fast-paced setting.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. The anticipated start date for
this position is in August.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter
to Job.JDEM@mail.house.gov with the subject: PSM/LA - [Your Full Name].
MEM-192-21

The Office of Congressman Greg Pence is seeking an experienced Legislative
Assistant to handle a broad portfolio of off-committee issues including
agriculture, transportation and infrastructure, tax, financial services, education,
judiciary, and veteran's affairs.
The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of agriculture and tax issues,
solid grasp of House procedure, excellent writing and organizational skills, and
be a team player. Job responsibilities include developing and advancing
legislation and amendments, monitoring floor activity, and collaborating with the
district office and external stakeholders. This is not an entry level position.
Indiana ties strongly preferred.
Email to send resume (and other items if requested) to: Qualified applicants
should submit a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to gopresumesubmission@gmail.com

MEM-191-21

Midwest conservative House Republican seeks an experienced Senior
Legislative Assistant to lead key policy initiatives.
SUMMARY:
The Senior Legislative Assistant develops and plans legislative initiatives and
monitors legislative developments within Committees and on the House floor.
This position requires the individual have thorough knowledge of parliamentary
process and House rules. A qualified candidate will have 3-5 years of legislative
experience and a record of effectiveness within legislative department.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Formulates legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas which include:
1.devising a legislative plan;
2.drafting the plan into legislative form;
Page 10 of 13

3.planning, coordinating and scheduling introduction of legislation in the House
(or offering it on an appropriate vehicle if it is in an amendment);
4.gathering support for a bill or amendment from other Members, as well as
appropriate interest groups;
5.working with committees on legislation;
6.coordinating legislative support to get the bill passed in the House.
*Tracks legislation and other developments in his or her assigned issue areas and
briefs the Member for floor work, committee work, work in the district, and
outside House-related activities;
*Monitors legislative developments within committees;
*Plans and coordinates co-sponsorship and support of other legislation;
*Monitors legislation on the House floor, providing the Member with information
on each vote;
*Writes Floor speeches for the Member;
*If assigned to issues pending before a specific committee, prepares for and
attends committee meetings and hearings with or without the Member (i.e., keeps
in contact with committee staff and meets with interest groups and constituents
with interests in such meetings);
*Acts as a liaison with committee and agency staffs;
*Performs special projects assigned by the Member or Chief of Staff
*Meets with constituents and interest groups;
*Provides information on and generates ideas for press, mass mailings, and
newsletters;
*Drafts press releases in issue areas and provides background on media inquiries;
*Answers constituent letters and helps constituents on federal matters;
*Supervises interns with regard to legislative issues and constituent responses;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment in the formulation and
recommendation of policy positions for the Member;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
*A bachelor’s degree or higher education level is preferred, including strong
academic credentials.
*at least 3-5 years of legislative experience;
*strong leadership and organizational skills;
*excellent oral and written communication skills;
*thorough knowledge of the legislative process;
*ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*thoroughness and careful attention to detail; and
*availability to work long hours and at night.
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;

Page 11 of 13

*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications
Interested candidates should email a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to: indianagopjobs@gmail.com
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

MEM-162-21

STAFF ASSISTANT: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks a staff
assistant in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include managing the front office, answering phones, processing
and logging constituent mail, greeting visitors, monitoring office deliveries,
scheduling assistance, responding to inquiries, assisting with constituent
casework, and other duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills. Additionally,
successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven personality,
demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and show keen
Page 12 of 13

attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a resume, writing sample, and cover letter (3 pages or less)
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Staff Assistant” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 13 of 13

