House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of September 8, 2015
MEM-276-15

Colorado Republican seeking Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant
with strong writing skills. Responsibilities include: management of
constituent mail and social media accounts; execution of 499 program;
drafting op-eds, press releases, and talking points; coordinating media efforts;
and working directly with the Communications Director. Applicants should
be able to write quickly and effectively in a fast paced environment. Colorado
ties and Hill experience a plus.
Please send a cover letter, writing sample, and resume to
ColoradoRepublican06@gmail.com.

MEM-273-15

Senior Member of Congress from the southern US seeks an experienced
staffer for a Legislative Director position. Only current/previous Legislative
Directors or Senior Legislative Assistants with experience will be considered.
Incumbent will be responsible for driving member legislative initiatives,
briefing the member and Chief of Staff on all policy matters, meetings with
relevant public interest groups and constituents, providing real time vote
recommendations, and assisting the Chief of Staff on policy matters.
Page 1 of 5

Position requires a comprehensive knowledge of House procedures as well as
a working knowledge of all current issues debated in the House.
Team-oriented skill, outgoing personality, sense of humor, strong written and
oral communication and analytical skills, attention to detail, and management
skills are requirements. Staff members with ties to the south and staff with a
legal background will be given special consideration.
Send a cover letter, resume, 2 writing samples, and salary requirements to
HouseStaffOpening@gmail.com. NO PHONE CALLS OR DROP INS.
MEM-265-15

Democratic Member has an opening for a Legislative Assistant to handle a
portfolio of judiciary issues and health care, among other
issues. Responsibilities will include developing and tracking legislative
initiatives, preparing briefing materials, representing the member in meetings
with interested parties, and writing constituent mail and floor statements.
An ability to work well with others in a fast-paced team environment and
strong writing skills, as well as a sense of humor, are a must.
The ideal candidate will have a law degree, previous Hill experience, and ties
to Maryland.
Please send cover letter with salary expectations, resume, two short writing
samples, and a list of references with subject line “Legislative Assistant” to
4mdresumes@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop bys, please.

MEM-261-15

Colorado Republican seeking Legislative Correspondent/Press Assistant
with strong writing skills. Responsibilities include: management of
constituent mail and social media accounts; execution of 499 program;
drafting op-eds, press releases, and talking points; coordinating media efforts;
and working directly with the Communications Director. Applicants should
be able to write quickly and effectively in a fast paced environment. Colorado
ties and Hill experience a plus.
Please send a cover letter, writing sample, and resume to
ColoradoRepublican06@gmail.com.

MEM-249-15

Active Texas Democrat seeking enthusiastic, well-organized Legislative
Assistant in a fast-paced team-oriented office. Applicant must be able to
multi-task, have strong work ethic and the ability to work flexible hours.
Ideal candidate should have at least 1-2 years of Hill legislative experience
coupled with some knowledge of finance and healthcare policy. This is NOT
an entry-level position. Individual interested in this position must have strong
written and oral communication skills and the ability to work under pressure
to meet deadlines.

Page 2 of 5

Job description includes assisting the Legislative Director/Deputy Chief of
Staff in managing the Congressman’s legislative agenda, drafting talking
points, floor statements, Congressional Record entries, briefing memos,
hearing questions as well as representing the Congressman at meetings both
on and off the hill and in the district.
Texas ties are a plus.
Please e-mail resume and cover letter to
TXLegislativeAssistant@Mail.House.Gov.
NO PHONE CALLS OR DROP-BYS PLEASE.
MEM-248-15

Republican Member seeks a highly-qualified individual to serve as scheduler.
The scheduler will work closely with the Chief of Staff to manage and
prepare the Member’s schedule, respond to scheduling requests and
proactively arrange meetings, arrange the Member’s travel, coordinate with
district staff, and maintain administrative demands. This is not an entry level
position. Qualified candidates will have at least one year of Capitol Hill
scheduling experience, knowledge of the Congressional work setting, and
ability to juggle multiple demands under pressure. Maturity, confidentiality,
and discretion are essential. Owning or having consistent access to a car is
preferred, as well as ties to the Northeast.
POC for resumes submission: Matt.Hutson@mail.house.gov.

MEM-245-15

West Coast Democrat is seeking highly organized, hard-working legislative
director with extensive knowledge of the legislative process and House
Rules. Applicants must have LD experience or a minimum of 3 years Senior
LA experience and demonstrate an ability to manage and mentor staff, think
strategically, develop and implement legislative plans and achieve results.
A successful candidate will have excellent writing, analytical, and oral
communications skills along with a good sense of humor.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume and two short writing samples
to westcoastdem2015@gmail.com.

MEM-221-15

Tennessee Democratic Congressman seeks a staff assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office. Duties will include managing front desk, greeting
visitors, answering telephones, conducting and organizing tours, processing
flag requests, assisting the D.C. staff on various projects, maintaining office
equipment and supplies, writing member’s correspondence, and serving as
intern coordinator. Applicants should have extraordinary organizational
skills, outstanding time management skills, excellent writing skills,
superlative communications skills, familiarity with the Microsoft Office Suite,
a positive attitude and a sense of humor.
Page 3 of 5

Please e-mail cover letter and resume to cohen.jobs@mail.house.gov.
Absolutely no phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins, please.
MEM-213-15

Northern California Democrat Seeks Legislative Correspondent –
Primary responsibilities include coordinating an active mail program with
quick response time, researching legislative issues, and drafting responses to
constituent inquires. Candidates should have excellent organizational and
written skills and the ability to work well as part of a team.
This is not an entry level job and previous Hill experience is preferred.
Please send a cover letter, resume, and two recent writing samples to
CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.

MEM-210-15

Congressman Xavier Becerra is seeking to immediately fill a full-time job
opening for a Staff Assistant position in his district office.
Position Description:
As the primary administrative staff member in the District Office, Staff
Assistant duties include (but are not limited to): answer phones; handle mail
and faxes; greet and direct visitors; maintain order and efficiency of front and
back offices; order supplies; organize office files; coordinate vendor service
needs; research the status of some legislation; draft some correspondence.
Work on special projects as needed. In the absence of the District Scheduler,
the Staff Assistant will serve as back-up and help facilitate any scheduling
requests.
Casework duties include (but are not limited to): Assist constituents with their
individual cases pertaining to federal agencies. As the “front-line”
caseworker, help constituents with non-federal questions to find appropriate
resources.
This position may require work on weekends and holidays.
Qualifications:
Strong written, communication, analytical, and organization skills; an ability
to relate well with individuals of diverse backgrounds; impeccable customer
service manners. Bachelor’s degree required. Good computer skills, including
proficiency and experience with Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher
and Power Point. Candidate must have an understanding of government
agencies and structure (local, county, state and federal). Must be able to work
efficiently and effectively as a member of a team, be able to meet strict
deadlines and balance multiple projects. Attention to detail and accuracy is
essential.
Page 4 of 5

Candidate should demonstrate a positive attitude, commitment to excellence,
upbeat demeanor and flexibility.
Salary will depend on the experience of the applicant. Bilingual skills a plus.
To apply:
All interested individuals should email a cover letter and resume to
Resume.California@mail.house.gov. No phone calls please.
MEM-207-15

Conservative Texan is seeking a Legislative Assistant for his Washington,
DC office. Legislative responsibilities will include, but are not limited to,
Agriculture, Energy, Taxes, Judiciary, Environment, and Veterans issues, as
well as, drafting memos and providing voting recommendations.
Candidates must possess strong writing and organizational skills.
Capitol Hill experience and Texas ties are strongly preferred.
All prospective applicants can email cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to TXGOPJob@gmail.com.

Page 5 of 5

