________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 19, 2021

MEM-262-21

Representative Juan Vargas’s office is seeking candidates to fill an open Press
Secretary / Communications Director position (title and salary based on
experience). Please pass this along to anyone you think might be interested.
Representative Juan Vargas (CA-51), member of the Financial Services
Committee and Foreign Affairs Committee, seeks an energetic and wellorganized professional to manage his communications portfolio. The position
could be based in Washington DC or San Diego and will travel between both
cities as needed. Candidates must have professional fluency in English &
Spanish. Must be self-motivated, diligent, and a team player.
Candidates should possess strong oral, writing, and proof-reading skills, as well
as the ability to develop and maintain relationships with local state, and national
media reporters. The ideal candidate will have a passion for practical policies that
unite the country and digital organizing / communications in all formats.
Other duties include, but are not limited to: developing messaging and talking
points; overseeing all communications materials, including press releases,
website content, franked mail and social media accounts; working with policy
staff on short- and long-term communications goals; and regularly briefing and
staffing the member. Salary is between $65-$75K based on experience.

Page 1 of 16

This position will mentor /manage appropriate press interns in both the DC and
San Diego Offices. This is not an entry-level position. Ideal candidates should
have, or can articulate, experience in the following areas / topics / platforms:
-Strong communications skills (writing, editing, proofreading) with at least two
years of political communications experience including producing Op-Ed’s, Press
Releases & Other written communications
-Understanding of print, broadcast, & online social media tools / platforms like
Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, What’s App, Twitter, BigVu, Streamyard,
CanvaPro, Adobe Premier, etc. Strong Skills & experience producing excellent
written & visual content, including graphics & video, for a variety of social
media platforms.
-An ability to amplify limited media coverage & grow its impact exponentially
-Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, procedures & organization of the
House – a plus
-Creating high-quality graphics, editing photos and videos, & supporting
management of all Congressman Vargas’s website / digital platforms.
-Knowledge of current issues & events in which the Congresswoman is involved
-Working with policy staff on short / long-term communications goals
-Ability to exercise discretion & judgment in the representation of the
Congressman's position on policy issues
-Must have the ability to prioritize duties & manage staff in a fast-paced work
environment while meeting rapid timelines
-Excellent understanding of online organizing communications
-Critical & strategic thinking
-Strong technical writing skills
-Ability to translate complex policy issues into simple language, creating talking
point summaries
-Leading, managing & optimizing production needs surrounding virtual & inperson town hall meetings, public forums, & press conferences & creating
graphics & media presentation when required
-Proactively pitching national/local media,
-Creating, recording & editing video content /messages
/livestreaming/moderating town halls
-Creating e-newsletters & managing the franked mailers process for the office
-Tracking press and social media analytics
-Assisting in the development of local & national media strategy
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages people of all identity
groups to apply. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and
writing samples to: CAJobs@mail.house.gov with the “Press Secretary
/Communications Director- [NAME]” in the subject line and include two writing
samples. Applications due by July 23, 2021.

Page 2 of 16

MEM-261-21

Data Analyst
The Republican staff of U.S. Congress’s Joint Economic Committee seek a data
analyst with strong quantitative skills for the Social Capital Project. Proficiency
in Excel as well as STATA, R, or other statistical software package is required
for this role. Successful candidates will have a background in economics, public
policy, or similar field. Ability to think creatively, work independently, and take
initiative is necessary.
The Project provides a unique chance to develop an ambitious agenda aimed at
enabling more Americans to thrive in the 21st century. Interest in JEC Social
Capital Project-related research topics, including expanding opportunity by
strengthening families, communities, and attachment to work, is a plus. Salary is
commensurate with experience.
Interested candidates should send a resume and writing sample
to RJobs@jec.senate.gov
—This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.

MEM-260-21

Senior Policy Advisor/Senior Economist
The Republican staff of U.S Congress’s Joint Economic Committee seek a senior
policy advisor/senior economist for the Social Capital Project. The Project, a
“think tank within a committee,” seeks candidates with experience in social
science and public policy research and interest in evidence-based approaches to
expanding opportunity by strengthening families, communities, and attachment to
work.
For these roles, successful candidates will have proven policy research and
writing experience (for a public audience) and be able to weigh empirical
evidence and think creatively about policy. Ability to work independently and
take initiative are also essential.
The Project provides a unique chance to develop an ambitious policy agenda
aimed at enabling more Americans to thrive in the 21st century. We encourage
applications from those with a masters, PhD, or equivalent level of policy
knowledge/experience. Salary commensurate with experience.
Interested candidates should send a resume and writing sample (not to exceed
thirty pages) to RJobs@jec.senate.gov

Page 3 of 16

—This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, genetic information, national
origin, uniformed service, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression.
MEM-255-21

Deputy Chief of Staff & Legislative Director | Congresswoman Nanette Diaz
Barragán (CA-44)
Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44)- Member of the Energy and
Commerce and Homeland Security Committees - seeks a Deputy Chief of Staff &
Legislative Director.
This is not an entry-level position and previous legislative, and Capitol Hill
experience is required.
Candidates must have a thorough understanding of the legislative and committee
process, floor procedure, strong management, oral and written communications
skills, be energetic, detail-oriented, able to multi-task, and willing to work
extended hours including evenings and weekends as needed.
The Deputy Chief of Staff & Legislative Director will be responsible for
strategizing, developing, and implementing legislative plans; introducing
legislation; providing cosponsor and cosign recommendations; managing a team
of Legislative Assistants and a Legislative Correspondent; oversee the office’s
constituent mail program; monitor the House Floor; provide vote
recommendations; and work with the scheduling team to ensure that any changes
are reflected in the Congresswoman’s schedule.
The Deputy Chief of Staff & Legislative Director will have a legislative portfolio
– currently consisting of handling the Energy & Commerce Health
Subcommittee, healthcare, judiciary and foreign relations but there is room for
moving around the portfolios. The individual also leads the office’s
Appropriations process, including working with the legislative team and district
office to compile requests, circulate sign-on letters, and submit materials to the
Subcommittees.
The Deputy Chief of Staff & Legislative Director works closely with the District
Director and Communication Director in helping with community outreach
including providing backup information for events, speeches, and townhalls. The
individual will also work closely with the Chief of Staff in overseeing scheduling,
HR, and budget issues for the office – and other responsibilities as assigned.
Qualified candidates will demonstrate significant management experience
(federal, state, or local government management experience are a plus), strategic
planning abilities, self-motivation, and an ability to work collaboratively.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, two references, and two
Page 4 of 16

writing samples with “CA44 Deputy Chief|LD” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-254-21

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
attorney for an investigative counsel position.
The Committee’s investigative counsels are responsible for conducting
investigations and adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members
and staff of the U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position
which requires the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from
political or partisan activity.
Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and written/oral communications
skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters
that arise before the Committee. Experience in one or more of the following areas
is desirable: government ethics; campaign finance; criminal law; employment
law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the workplace; civil
litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications; depositions; and
financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative Counsel”
in the subject line.

MEM-253-21

Investigator (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks an
experienced investigative professional for an investigator position.
The Committee’s investigator is responsible for assisting the Committee in all
aspects of its investigative work, including researching and reviewing public data
sources, forensic research, document review, data collection and analysis,
preparing for and participating in witness interviews, and drafting and editing
Committee documents.
This is a nonpartisan position which requires the ability to assist with impartial
investigations and refrain from political or partisan activity. Candidates must
possess outstanding organizational, research, and analytical skills, as well as the
sound judgment necessary to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the
Committee.
Experience in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics,
criminal law, civil litigation, administrative investigations and adjudications,
Page 5 of 16

depositions, or financial accounting. Experience with document
review/management platforms and/or online research services (Lexis/Nexis,
Westlaw, CLEAR) also preferred. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigator” in the
subject line.
MEM-252-21

Senior House Republican Seeks Press Assistant/Digital Director
Candidates must excel in a fast-paced existing press operation. Prior experience
in a political office or campaign experience preferred, but not required.
Familiarity or existing contacts with conservative media outlets a major plus.
Position based in Washington, DC office. Must work well under pressure.
Required:
•Video editing skills
•Excellent research skills
•Ability to write well
Duties:
•Compile daily clips
•Assist with press releases, talking points, op-eds, and other materials
•Grow and manage a national press list

•Create compelling social media content
•Assist with maintaining office’s website and social media accounts
•Create and edit videos and graphics
•Monitor the Congressman’s presence and interactions on social media. Keeping
Communications Director and Chief of Staff up-to-date on emerging trends and
important conversations happening online
•Take photos/video at events
Contact:
Please submit your resume to Midwestern.Job@mail.house.gov with “Press
Assistant/Digital Director” in the subject line.

MEM-250-21

The Office of Congressman John Sarbanes seeks an experienced
Communications Director or Press Secretary to serve in its Washington, D.C.
office.
Successful candidates will have impeccable writing skills, a close eye to detail,
fluency with a wide range of social media platforms and digital tools – including
Adobe Creative Suite and website CMS services – the ability to manage several,
simultaneous projects in a fast-paced environment and experience working
closely with national and local press, along with television and radio booking
producers. This is not an entry-level position.

Page 6 of 16

This office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Diverse candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified individuals should submit a resume, cover letter and writing portfolio
to employment@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-247-21

Congresswoman Lisa Blunt Rochester is seeking an in-district press & digital
media assistant to join an aggressive two-person communications team.
This position is based in Wilmington, Delaware. Responsibilities include
managing the Congresswoman’s website and social media accounts, working
collaboratively to generate creative and engaging content for digital platforms,
drafting talking points and advisories, and staffing the Congresswoman and
taking photos/videos at events.
Additionally, the press & digital media assistant will help draft and copy-edit
speeches and talking points for the Congresswoman for events in Delaware, and
the person in this role will report directly to the DC-based Communications
Director. Prior press/digital experience; Hill or campaign experience and
familiarity with social media and graphic/video design are strongly preferred.
Delaware ties a major plus. Strong written and oral communications skills, a
flexible schedule, access to a car, and a clean driving record are musts.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin or citizenship status, sex, gender identity
or expression, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, disability, or military status.
Interested candidates must submit a resume, one cover letter, two writing
samples, and two examples of social media or digital media work samples
to lbr.jobposting@gmail.com

MEM-240-21

SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT/COUNSEL – Rep. Karen Bass (CA37) seeks a hardworking lawyer with legal, policy, and Hill experience to serve as
a Senior Legislative Assistant/Counsel, with the primary portfolio focusing on the
Member’s Judiciary Committee work.
Responsibilities include preparing and staffing the Member in committee
hearings and markups; drafting talking points and speeches; and researching,
drafting, and introducing legislation. All candidates should be a team player and
possess excellent writing and communication skills, ability to work
independently, and a thorough understanding of the legislative process.
Strong candidates will have good relationships on the Hill with Democrats and
Republicans, the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment, and a
Page 7 of 16

track record of turning ideas into legislation and preferably legislation into law.
This is not an entry-level position.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and a short (1-2 page)
writing sample to CA37.HR@mail.house.gov with “Senior Legislative Assistant”
in the subject line.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, sexual
orientation, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-235-21

Republican House Member seeks a Scheduler for his Washington office. The
scheduler will manage all aspects of the Member's daily and long-term schedule
in DC and in the District. This individual will work closely with the Member, DC
and District staff.
The ideal candidate will have prior scheduling experience on the Hill or
comparable work environment. This person should be well-organized, detailoriented, self-motivated, and able to work effectively in a fast-paced office.
Responsibilities also include tracking, evaluating, and responding to all
invitations and scheduling requests; coordinating travel for the Member; and
managing operational and logistical support for the office.
Applicants should send their resume, and references
to PA09Jobs@mail.house.gov”

MEM-231-21

Counsel for House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights, and
Civil Liberties
The House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil
Rights, and Civil Liberties seeks a dedicated and hard-working lawyer with a
minimum of 5 years of professional legal experience to serve as a subcommittee
counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Committee on matters of law and policy within the Subcommittee’s jurisdiction;
drafting legislation; preparing hearings; drafting statements, memos, and briefing
materials; and providing guidance to Democratic House offices on matters of
constitutional and civil rights law.

Page 8 of 16

The counsel will be responsible for handling assignments in a range of issue
areas, including reproductive rights, women’s issues, religious freedom, voting
rights, civil rights litigation, torts and civil procedure, claims against the United
States, separation of powers, federalism, individual constitutional rights, and any
other areas as assigned.
The successful candidate must demonstrate exceptional writing and legal research
skills, a strong work ethic, a professional temperament, and the ability to work on
novel and complex matters under time and other pressures. Such a candidate must
also be able to work collaboratively with a broad range of personalities. In
addition, sound political judgment, prior legislative or policy experience, a
substantive background in civil rights or constitutional law, and a demonstrated
commitment to public service are strongly preferred. A sense of humor is a plus.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population. The Committee strongly encourages women and members
of historically disadvantaged minority groups to apply. The Committee does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or
parental status, sexual orientation, and gender identity), disability, age, or
national origin.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Constitution Counsel” in the
subject line.
MEM-228-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff —Procurement Counsel or Professional Staff Member
(District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks
to fill a Procurement Counsel or Professional Staff Member position on the
Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will have several years of experience
overseeing government procurement awards and performance.
Responsibilities include research, investigations, briefings, and managing
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are
strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail,
work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Procurement” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with
the file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.
Page 9 of 16

MEM-227-21

Senior Ways and Means Republican is seeking a legislative assistant/senior
legislative assistant to handle a diverse legislative portfolio. Qualified candidates
will have a minimum of 3 years legislative experience on the Hill and substantial
knowledge of the legislative process and floor procedure. Strong writing, research
and communication skills a must. All resumes handled in strict confidence.
Please forward a resume, cover letter and writing sample
to resumes.FL16@mail.house.gov.

MEM-226-21

STAFF ASSISTANT: The Office of Representative Thomas Massie is seeking a
staff assistant to serve in the Crescent Springs, Kentucky office. Ideal candidate
will be motivated self-starter with outstanding interpersonal, customer service,
time-management, and organizational skills.
Successful candidate will have a positive, solution-driven personality,
demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, show strong
attention to detail, and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Primary responsibilities will include maintaining the front office, answering
phones, processing and logging constituent mail, greeting visitors, monitoring
office deliveries, responding to inquiries, assisting with constituent casework, and
other duties as assigned.
Representative Massie’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation,
gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed
service.
Please submit a resume and cover letter to mary.troutman@mail.house.gov with
“District Staff Assistant” in the subject line. Applications will be reviewed on a
rolling basis until the position is filled.

MEM-218-21

HOUSE COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS
TITLE: Professional Staff Member for Women Veterans Policy – House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs (Majority)
SUMMARY: The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs
seeks a Professional Staff Member (PSM) to join its Health Subcommittee staff.
The PSM will manage a portfolio focused on issues impacting women veterans to
include matters related to military service, impacts to women veterans’ health,
well-being, and access to care, benefits, and economic resources, as well as
systemic and structural barriers which may inhibit access. The PSM will report
directly to the staff director of the Subcommittee. Some travel will be required.
Page 10 of 16

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Working with Committee leadership to develop an overall policy and legislative
strategy;
•Conducting oversight and investigations within the portfolio;
•Tracking legislative and policy developments within the portfolio;
•Drafting written product, to include memoranda, correspondence, reports, and
public statements;
•Planning and executing hearings and other official events;
•Conducting site visits;
•Developing and drafting legislation;
•Engaging and working with stakeholders to include the Administration, Veterans
Service Organization (VSOs), and others; and,
•Supporting the full Committee and Subcommittee Chairs in advancing the
Committee’s priorities.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Highly qualified candidates will have
significant experience with issues impacting women veterans, as well experience
in government (at any level) or advocacy. Congressional experience is not
required but is a plus. Qualified candidates will be extremely organized, have
excellent oral and written communications skills, have a demonstrated ability to
work on a team, and have a track record of successfully delivering excellent work
in short timeframes.
Candidates will be evaluated on experience, skills, character, and fitness, and how
well they meet the qualifications and requirements. In an effort to build a diverse
and more inclusive work environment, the committee strongly encourages
veterans, minority, women, people with disabilities, and LGBTQ+ candidates to
apply. Starting salary is $90k, commensurate with experience.
HOW TO APPLY: All candidates are required to complete an online application
via https://veterans.house.gov/opportunities to be considered.
Candidates should upload a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and diversity &
inclusion statement.
The diversity & inclusion statement should be 250 words or less and: 1) Explain
how your past personal and/or professional experiences have contributed to your
growth in understanding diversity, equity, and inclusion, and/or 2) Explain how
you plan to engage in diversity, equity
and inclusion matters in this role. Applications will not be considered complete if
there is no diversity & inclusion statement.
MEM-208-21

Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized and
professional individual for the position of Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent. The successful applicant will be personable, organized, possess
excellent communication and time-management skills, the ability to exercise
Page 11 of 16

sound, independent judgment, and the ability to work cooperatively and
courteously with others.
This individual will help manage the constituent mail program, including
monitoring the flow of incoming and outgoing mail, keeping the constituent
database current, responding to constituent correspondence, and working with
legislative staff to maintain a proactive constituent outreach program.
Additional daily tasks include answering phones, processing mail, assisting with
constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, and other administrative
duties supporting the Member and staff as needed. Please note that we may split
this position for two separate hires.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to staffassistantlc@yahoo.com
MEM-205-21

Senior House Democratic Member of the Foreign Affairs Committee seeks
legislative assistant to handle work on that committee and related issues.
In addition to a strong interest and experience in foreign policy issues and the
operations of U.S. foreign affairs agencies, the successful applicant will be
organized, possess excellent communication and time-management skills, the
ability to exercise sound, independent judgment, and the ability to work
cooperatively and courteously with others.
Legislative and/or agency experience a strong plus, though not required. To
apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to foreignpolicyla@yahoo.com

MEM-202-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff —Counsel (District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) seeks
to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate will be an
attorney with several years of investigative or litigation experience.
Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
managing congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover letter with the
file name using the following format: “LastName.FirstName.Resume” and
“LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins,
please.
Page 12 of 16

MEM-201-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff —Chief Health Counsel (District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) is
looking for an experienced attorney to lead a team of attorneys and professional
staff in executing the Committee’s health and gender equity-related investigations
and oversight work.
The ideal candidate will be an attorney with several years of relevant
investigative, litigation, or regulatory experience. Responsibilities include
managing investigations, taking depositions and transcribed interviews, and
managing congressional hearings.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Chief Health Counsel” in the subject line. Please attach the resume and cover
letter with the file name using the following format:
“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.

MEM-200-21

U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Oversight and Reform, Democratic
(Majority) Staff – EEO / Whistleblower Protection Investigative Counsel
(District of Columbia)
The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the principal investigative body for
the U.S. House of Representatives. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) is
looking for an Investigative Counsel on the Democratic staff. The ideal candidate
will be an attorney with several years of litigation experience, a demonstrated
commitment to civil rights and social justice, and a background in antidiscrimination, employment, whistleblower protection, and retaliation laws.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, whistleblower
interviews, briefings, and managing congressional hearings. Candidates must
have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and
possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Employment / Whistleblower Protection” in the subject line. Please attach the
resume and cover letter with the file name using the following format:
Page 13 of 16

“LastName.FirstName.Resume” and “LastName.FirstName.Cover Letter.” No
unsolicited calls, emails, or drop-ins, please.
MEM-199-21

Representative Spanberger seeks a Staff Assistant for her Washington, D.C.
office. Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized,
detail-oriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal skills, and be
eager to join a mission-oriented team that thrives in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates must demonstrate excellent “people skills” and a strong commitment
to providing outstanding constituent service. The ideal candidate should: be able
to think on their feet and be a problem solver; show keen attention to detail and
an ability to multi-task; demonstrate excellent oral and written skills; maintain a
positive demeanor; and demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
Primary responsibilities include: answering and logging telephone calls,
recruiting and managing interns, assisting the Legislative Correspondent with
batching mail, managing constituent requests for flags and tours, and other
administrative duties. Once the Capitol reopens to the public, responsibilities will
also include greeting visitors to the office and giving Capitol tours.
Additionally, they will manage incoming constituent requests for flags flown
over the Capitol. Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity
employer. The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic
information, disability, or uniformed service.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample (3 pages or less) in a
single PDF document to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “DC Staff
Assistant” in the subject line.

MEM-198-21

The House Committee on the Judiciary seeks a Professional Staff
Member/Legislative Aide.
Responsibilities include participating in a wide range of oversight projects,
assisting in preparation for Committee hearings and markups, and providing
research assistance.
Ideal candidates must be comfortable producing extensive research into a variety
of issues and have demonstrated experience proof-reading and fact-checking
complex documents. Candidates should additionally be highly detailed-oriented
and organized, experienced handling large volumes of information, and have a
demonstrated ability to meet precise deadlines in a fast-paced setting.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff reflects the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
Page 14 of 16

color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin. The anticipated start date for
this position is in August.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter
to Job.JDEM@mail.house.gov with the subject: PSM/LA - [Your Full Name].
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

MEM-162-21

STAFF ASSISTANT: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks a staff
assistant in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include managing the front office, answering phones, processing
and logging constituent mail, greeting visitors, monitoring office deliveries,
scheduling assistance, responding to inquiries, assisting with constituent
casework, and other duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills. Additionally,
successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven personality,
Page 15 of 16

demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and show keen
attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a resume, writing sample, and cover letter (3 pages or less)
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Staff Assistant” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 16 of 16

