House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 10, 2016

MEM-301-16

RESEARCH ASSISTANT FOR ECONOMIC ISSUES - The Democratic
staff of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee (JEC) seeks a research
assistant to work closely with policy advisors, economists and other senior
staff on a range of economic issues. A successful candidate will have broad
knowledge of the field of economics, have technical experience using
spreadsheets to analyze economic data and also be detail-oriented. Duties will
include providing research assistance for reports, assisting in hearing
preparation and fact checking Committee publications, including charts,
hearing memos, floor statements, reports and materials for social media. A
Bachelor’s degree in Economics, Public Policy or a related field is required.
Capitol Hill experience is a plus. Salary commensurate with experience.
To apply, please submit a cover letter and resume to
dems@jec.senate.gov with “Research Assistant” in the subject line.
Applicants who are called for an interview will be asked to submit a short
writing sample and a list of references.
The Joint Economic Committee is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, age, religion, disability,
Page 1 of 3

national origin, uniformed service, genetic information, sexual orientation, or
gender identity or expression.
MEM-300-16

The Joint Committee on Taxation is seeking an entry level IT support
professional to join our Information Technology staff in a Desktop Support
role. The Desktop Support Technician provides support to end users on a
wide range of issues by identifying, researching, and resolving technical
problems.
A day in the Desktop Support life may include:Responding to all inquiries for
technical support same day or next business day while documenting, tracking,
and monitoring all issues to ensure a timely resolution.Installing or supporting
any of the following;
Desktop applications
PC & printer hardware
Mobile devices such as iPhones and iPads
Create new users and set up workstations for new staff
Maintaining the IT equipment and printer supply
Providing support and responding to issues for staff working remotely
Required Experience and Background:
Associates degree in information technology or certifications such as
CompTIA A+, CompTIA Network+, CompTIA Security+, Microsoft
Certified IT Professional (MCITP) or the equivalent
Strong technical background with a broad range of technologies including one
or more of the following;
Active Directory
Desktop Windows OS 7 – 10
Hardware Setup and Configuration (Computers, Printers, Etc.)
General networking knowledge
MS Office
Mac OS
Mobile Devices including iOS
A person of the highest character and probity
Application information:
Email resume to it.jobs@jct.gov by October 24, 2016.

MEM-299-16

Connecticut Democrat seeks qualified candidates for DC Scheduler in teamoriented office. Responsibilities include maintaining member’s daily and long
term schedule in Washington, evaluating meeting requests and invitations,
coordinating travel arrangements, managing member’s personal
correspondence, and ensuring timely preparation for the member for meetings
and events. The ideal candidate for this position is detail oriented and
proactive, possess strong communication skills, and can thrive in a fast paced
and team oriented office. Prior scheduling experience is preferred, as are
Page 2 of 3

Connecticut ties and access to a car. Please submit a resume and cover letter
to CT02JOB@mail.house.gov. No calls or drop-ins.

MEM-295-16

Senior Democratic House member from CA seeks proactive, experienced
Communications Director to develop and implement strategic media plan in
a fast-paced and results-driven environment. Must have proven track-record,
and ability to manage website and social media tools. Outstanding writing
skills and strong pitching skills are required. Southern California ties are
preferred but not necessary. This is not an entry level position. Qualified
candidates should submit resume, cover letter to
commstafferCA2016@gmail.com.

MEM-288-16

Senior California Democrat seeks Legislative Assistant, or Senior
Legislative Assistant depending on qualifications, to handle work on the
Financial Services Committee and other issues. Candidates should have
substantial experience with financial services issues and substantial
Congressional experience. The successful applicant will possess strong
writing and oral communication skills, work well with others, be comfortable
in a fast-paced environment, and understand the legislative process. To apply,
please e-mail a cover letter, resume, and three writing samples to
HouseFinancialServicesLA@gmail.com. No phone calls or drop-ins please.

Page 3 of 3

