House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of December 18, 2017

MEM-508-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a staff assistant for his
Washington office. Excellent written and oral communication skills
required. Texas connection and Spanish ability a plus. Send resume, brief
writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use
title on your email: Staff Assistant Application. No drop-ins please.

MEM-507-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a senior legislative aide with a
minimum of three years of Hill experience. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Advanced degree a
plus. Spanish ability a plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use title on your email: Senior
LA Position. No drop-ins please.

MEM-495-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a staff assistant for his
Washington office. Excellent written and oral communication skills
required. Texas connection and Spanish ability a plus. Send resume, brief
writing sample, and three references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use
title on your email: Staff Assistant Application. No drop-ins please.
Page 1 of 6

MEM-494-17

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a senior legislative aide with a
minimum of three years of Hill experience. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Advanced degree a
plus. Spanish ability a plus. Send resume, brief writing sample, and three
references to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use title on your email: Senior
LA Position. No drop-ins please.

MEM-490-17

Investigative Counsel (Washington, DC) -- The Committee on Ethics seeks
an attorney for an investigative counsel position. The Committee’s
investigative counsels are responsible for conducting investigations and
adjudicatory and disciplinary proceedings regarding Members and staff of the
U.S. House of Representatives. This is a nonpartisan position which requires
the ability to conduct impartial investigations and refrain from political or
partisan activity. Candidates must possess outstanding analytical and
written/oral communications skills, as well as the sound judgment necessary
to evaluate the sensitive matters that arise before the Committee. Experience
in one or more of the following areas is desirable: government ethics; criminal
law; employment law, including the laws governing sexual harassment in the
workplace; civil litigation; administrative investigations and adjudications;
depositions; and financial accounting. Salary commensurate with experience.
Please email resume, cover letter, and short writing sample to
ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. Please include the phrase “Investigative
Counsel” in the subject line.

MEM-489-17

Senior, active member of appropriations committee seeks hard working and
experienced legislative assistant to handle health issues, including
appropriations, budget, and tax policy. Experience working on the Hill is
essential and related policy experience is preferred. Please send cover letter,
resume, writing sample, and salary requirements to
ct03laopening@gmail.com.

MEM-483-17

Congresswoman Michelle Lujan Grisham is seeking a Communications
Director/Press Secretary to lead an aggressive communications
operation. The ideal candidate must be a talented writer; have previous
communications experience; and be able to work quickly under pressure in a
fast paced work environment. This role demands creativity, high attention to
detail, and hard work. Responsibilities include working with the
Congresswoman and the legislative team on developing and implementing a
communications strategy; managing social media platforms; maintaining the
office website; briefing the Congresswoman before interviews; writing talking
points for the Congresswoman’s speaking engagements, events, and floor
speeches; drafting op-eds; and pitching stories. Diverse candidates are
encouraged to apply. Hill experience a plus. Interested candidates should
submit both a cover letter and resume in one attachment to
NM01.Resumes@mail.house.gov.
Page 2 of 6

MEM-479-17

Virginia Republican House member is seeking an experienced Legislative
Assistant to handle a diverse issue portfolio, including committee work.
Successful applicants will be a creative thinker with exceptional writing and
editing skills, and a willingness working in a fast-moving team environment.
Duties include tracking bills and legislative developments; developing policy
recommendations on legislation and creative ideas for new legislation;
preparing the Congressman for hearings, floor activities, and events in the
district; tracking regulatory changes and advising the communications team
on policy for messaging; and reviewing constituent correspondence. This
position requires regular interface with Federal agencies, issue advocates, and
constituents.
Qualifications: Minimum two years experience in a legislative role in a
House/Senate office, Bachelor’s degree. Salary is commensurate with
experience. EOE. No calls or drop-in applications will be accepted.
To Apply: Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, and 3
writing samples in .pdf format to: VirginiaLegislativeAssistant@gmail.com..

MEM-478-17

Progressive Democrat seeks experienced, creative and proactive Press
Secretary to help lead aggressive media outreach in fast-paced office. The
ideal candidate will have at least five years’ experience executing media plans
and proven success pitching/booking national cable interviews.
Responsibilities include pitching reporters and producers; managing local
press outreach and social media platforms; and drafting statements, op-eds
and other press materials as needed. Candidates must have excellent writing,
editing and verbal skills and the ability to manage pressure and meet
deadlines. Diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. Please submit a cover
letter, outlining media relations success, resume and two writing samples with
the subject line “Press Secretary” to cademhilljobs@gmail.com..

MEM-476-17

Conservative Midwest Republican Member seeks Scheduler in Washington,
D.C. office. Responsibilities include maintaining the Congressman’s
Washington, D.C. and District calendar, organizing and tracking scheduling
requests, booking travel, coordinating with staff on Member activities, and
other duties as assigned.

Applicants must be highly organized, detail-oriented, and be able to work in a
fast-paced environment. Dependability, friendliness, and exceptional
interpersonal skills are a must! Well qualified candidates will have the ability
to work cooperatively and courteously with others; temperament to communicate
with a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner; and
availability to work long hours and at night, if necessary.

Page 3 of 6

Candidates should have a minimum of 2 years of Hill scheduling experience.
Please email a resume and cover letter expressing your interest in the position
to IN03.Contacts@mail.house.gov.
MEM-474-17

Representative Anna G. Eshoo (CA-18) seeks a Staff Assistant to assume the
responsibilities of managing the front office. Daily tasks include answering
telephones; greeting visitors; processing flag and tour requests; drafting
correspondence; and serving as Intern Coordinator. Candidates should be
detail-oriented professionals with strong organizational skills and writing
abilities, have a positive attitude, take pride in their work product, and thrive
in a fast-paced environment. Applicants must also have a car. Individuals with
ties to the Bay Area are strongly encouraged to apply. Please e-mail a cover
letter and resume to StaffAssistantCalifornia@gmail.com no later than
December 8th. No phone calls, e-mails or walk-ins, please.

MEM-471-17

Southern conservative Republican member of the Energy and Commerce
Committee seeks experienced Health Legislative Assistant to coordinate
Member’s legislative agenda on relevant committee work and oversee other
issues within the applicant’s skills and interests. Eligible candidates should
have a firm grasp on the legislative process – including a track record of
passing legislation – as well as in depth knowledge of the regulatory and
legislative framework surrounding health care. Experience in health care
delivery is a plus. Excellent writing, verbal, and organizational skills are
essential as is the ability to work well under pressure in a fast paced
environment while maintaining a positive attitude. Submit resume, cover
letter, and references to healthla2017@gmail.com.

MEM-466-17

Conservative Republican Member of Congress is seeking a Scheduler.
Responsibilities include maintaining the Member's official schedule, travel
plans, and related records; acting as liaison for the Member with the staff,
public and other Members; overseeing/managing front office operations at the
DC Office; managing/supervises the Staff Assistant; various administrative
duties as assigned by the Chief of Staff or the Member.
Well qualified candidates will have thoroughness and careful attention to
detail; excellent oral and written communication skills, including strong
telephone skills; ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment with
respect to prioritization of and recommendations on Member appointments;
proficiency in word processing, outlook, and google calendar; strong
organizational and filing skills; experience making travel reservations and
arrangements; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner; and availability to work long hours and at
night, if necessary.
Scheduling Duties:
Page 4 of 6

•
•
•

•
•

prepares the daily schedules and detailed itineraries for the Member;
prepares monthly projected schedules for the Member;
briefs the Member on all scheduling activities of the Washington, DC,
and district offices and makes recommendations on proposed future
meetings;
coordinates scheduling of press, interviews, radio and T.V. time with
the Communications Director; and
coordinates photo opportunities with constituents.

Travel Duties:
•
•

makes reservations for the Member's air travel, ground transportation,
and lodging.
fully understanding the complex CODEL rules for international travel
and completes necessary pre and post-travel paperwork.

Mail/Invitations Duties:
•
•
•
•

reviews the Member's mail and invitations;
responds to all invitations, either by written correspondence or by
personal telephone call;
maintains records of invitations that have been declined, accepted, or
that are tentative/pending; and
ensures that the Member is provided with briefing materials for each
event.

Administrative Duties:
•
•
•
•

•

oversee all front office operations;
directly oversee the Staff Assistant;
acts as a liaison for constituents and other visitors that drop by to see
the Member;
acts as a liaison between the Member and other Members, committee
staff, White House, and government offices and agencies to arrange for
the Member's attendance at meetings or to coordinate travel plans; and
performs other duties as assigned.

Interested candidates should send their cover letter and one-page resume to
gop.scheduler.1776@gmail.com .
MEM-316-17

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives, and Ranking
Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic
staff. The ideal candidate will be a junior attorney (fewer than five years of
experience) with a background or strong interest in investigations.
Page 5 of 6

Responsibilities include depositions, transcribed interviews, briefings, and
congressional hearings. Candidates with diverse backgrounds and
experiences are strongly encouraged to apply. Candidates must have superior
attention to detail, work well under pressure, be self-motivated, and possess
excellent written and oral communication skills. Please send a resume and
cover letter to oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject
line.

Page 6 of 6

