House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of July 15, 2019

MEM-315-19

Congresswoman Sylvia R. Garcia (TX-29) seeks candidates for the position
of Press Secretary. Candidates must be fluent in Spanish. Ideal candidates
should have minimum of two years of successful work on communications
for an elected leader or comparable experience, excellent writing abilities, and
experience handling press inquiries. Applicants should be able to
communicate effectively about a variety of policy issues. Applicants should
also have a proven history of writing creative and original copy.
Candidates should be organized, creative, motivated and must have the ability
to write content that accurately conveys the priorities of the congresswoman
and the 29th district. Candidates must be able to work effectively in a fastpaced environment, including quickly researching and writing copy.
Candidates should have enough knowledge of video production/editing and
creating graphic content that they can assist or fill-in when needed.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: drafting talking points for
speaking engagements; writing press releases; developing relationships with
members of the media; tracking press and social media analytics; research. A

Page 1 of 11

limited policy portfolio will eventually be incorporated into the position.
Ability to independently produce content in English and Spanish is required.
This is NOT an entry level position. The position reports to the Chief of Staff.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, two one-page writing
samples (one in English and one in Spanish) to:
TX29SG.Resumes@mail.house.gov .
No phone calls or drop-ins please.
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and
minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national
origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-306-19

The Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties
include: answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of
committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up
committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with
accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve all
Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan activity.
Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a professional
telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in Microsoft Word and
Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others; ability to
use good judgment in responding to inquiries and requests; and flexibility in
assisting with daily tasks and projects.
This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $30,000 per year.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-303-19

Senior Democratic Texas Member seeks an experienced Communications
Director, immediately, based in the Washington, D.C. Congressional office.
This person will plan and execute a proactive media and digital constituent
outreach strategy. This is a senior staff role requiring a minimum of 3 years of
previous Hill or political communications experience. This is not an entrylevel position.
The position will require a tremendous amount of writing, and the aptitude to
oversee all press and communications responsibilities. Candidates should be

Page 2 of 11

proactive, detail-oriented and have demonstrated experience in national, local,
and digital media.
Responsibilities Overview:
•Develop strong relationships with local/national media; know local TV
media markets, radio stations, and newspapers to elevate Member’s profile on
key issues
•Work closely with district team to plan messaging and plan local press
events in the district
•Develop and execute communications strategies for the office using best
practices
•Write talking points, press releases, op-eds, speeches, and more
•Book and prepare Member for interviews
•Produce a weekly communications report for the Congresswoman and
provide regular communications updates to staff
•Create and oversee digital communications outreach including e-newsletter,
website, and social media platforms
Necessary Qualities:
•Political savvy
•Exceptional self-starter
•Creative/forward thinker
•Strong writer, editor, and proofreader
•Able to meet tight deadlines
•Detail oriented
•Team player
•Flexible schedule
The Communications Director is expected to have a close working
relationship with the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s
media team. Dallas ties are preferred, but not necessary. Occasional district
travel may be necessary.
Equal Opportunity Employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals
and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged
to apply.
Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume, and three writing
samples, immediately, in one email to Kenneth.Nealy@mail.house.gov with
“Communications Director” in the subject line. No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-302-19

Rocky Mountain Democrat is seeking an organized, detail-oriented individual
to serve in the position of Staff Assistant in a fast-paced and highly
collaborative Capitol Hill office. Responsibilities include staffing and

Page 3 of 11

managing the front office, answering the phone, greeting visitors, handling
tour and flag requests, overseeing the internship program, occasionally
driving the Member to and from events during regular office hours and
afterhours, and providing additional office support as needed.
While this is an entry-level position, candidates should have excellent oral
and written communication skills, great attention to detail, strong time
management skills, an ability to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines,
and a sense of humor. Capitol Hill experience and/or Western ties are
preferred, but not required.
Please send a resume and cover letter to:
RockyMountainDem@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.
MEM-299-19

Congresswoman Jahana Hayes (D-CT) is pleased to announce paid fall
internship opportunities in her Washington, DC and Waterbury, CT offices.
Internships are designed to offer students and recent graduates direct
participation in public service through supporting our offices' constituent
engagement and services, administrative responsibilities, and research.
Interns' responsibilities will vary depending on the office in which they work.
They will be asked to answer phones, assist with correspondence, coordinate
and conduct tours, research legislation, assist with constituent casework,
develop the Congresswoman’s community outreach, and attend hearings and
briefings on various issues.
Qualified candidates must be friendly, organized, flexible, and possess the
ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Fall internships are available from mid-August through mid-December, with
start and end dates tailored to accommodate an academic calendar year.
Internship hours follow the floor schedule in Washington, DC, and run 9:005:00 PM on weekdays in Waterbury, CT.
Please note that interns are expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per
week. Payment is limited to those interns who are not sponsored by outside
organizations.
Please apply through the website at
https://hayes.house.gov/services/internships. The deadline to apply is August
1, 2019. Please go no walk-ins or calls, please.

MEM-294-19

Senior Congressional Hispanic Caucus Member and Co-Chair of the Labor
and Working Families Caucus seeks a Legislative Assistant to handle a
diverse portfolio of issues including labor, immigration, housing, and civil

Page 4 of 11

rights. The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for developing legislative
initiatives, meeting with constituents and interested groups on behalf of the
Member, and staffing the Member.
Qualified candidates should have at least 2-4 years of experience and possess
a strong understanding of the issues listed. Applicants must demonstrate an
ability to work well with a team in a small, fast-paced environment, while
maintaining a sense of humor. This is not an entry level position. To apply,
please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to
CAdemofficejob@gmail.com. No calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-292-19

Congressman Ted Lieu has an immediate opening for a Staff Assistant in his
Los Angeles District Office. Primary responsibilities include answering
phones, maintaining the front office, assisting with various administrative and
legislative duties and aiding constituents with federal casework. The Staff
Assistant will greet constituents, ensures that constituent requests for
assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member in a timely manner and
will assist district staff to ensure the proper execution of events
and programs in the district.
The successful applicant must have a positive attitude and the ability to work
and set priorities in a fast paced and challenging environment. Strong writing
and verbal communications skills are essential. A valid California Driver
License and automobile are required. Bilingual skills are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal benefits. Congressman Lieu’s primary
district office is located in West Los Angeles. Our office is an Equal
Opportunity Employer.
If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, references, and two short
writing samples no later than
July 18, 2019 to:
NICOLAS RODRIQUEZ
District Director
Congressman Ted Lieu (CA-33)
1645 Corinth Avenue, Suite 101
Los Angeles, CA 90025
Lieu.Staff@mail.house.gov

MEM-290-19

The Committee on Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations is seeking to fill a Professional Staff Member position on the
Republican staff. The ideal candidate will have a strong interest in
investigations and natural resources issues.

Page 5 of 11

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staffing Subcommittee and
some Full Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and
some Full Committee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as
well as with outside organizations, transcribed interviews, reviewing
document productions, research, interacting with various congressional
committee and personal offices, and managing the Subcommittee’s
administrative needs.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, attention to detail, desire to
learn how to conduct congressional oversight and investigations, be selfmotivated, work well under pressure, and possess strong research, written,
and oral communication skills. Prior Hill experience preferred, but not
required. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NaturalResources.Jobs@mail.house.gov, with “O&I PSM” in the subject line.
MEM-289-19

The Committee on Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations is seeking to fill a Counsel position on the Republican staff.
The ideal candidate will have at least three years of experience with a
background or strong interest in investigations. Experience in natural
resources issues is a plus.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, staffing Subcommittee and
some Full Committee congressional hearings, drafting Subcommittee and
some Full Committee correspondence to and from the Executive Branch as
well as with outside organizations, depositions/ transcribed interviews,
reviewing document productions, research, managing external sources of
information, and interacting with various congressional committee and
personal offices.
Candidates must possess a strong work ethic, superior attention to detail, be
self-motivated, work well under pressure, and possess excellent written and
oral communication skills. JD required. Prior Hill experience preferred, but
not required. Interested candidates should send a resume and cover letter to
NaturalResources.Jobs@mail.house.gov, with “O&I Counsel” in the subject
line.

MEM-279-19

Senior Republican Member on Appropriations looking for Communications
Director. Ideal candidates should have 3-5 years of Hill experience, strong
writing skills, are detailed oriented, and familiar working with the media.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Interested applicants should send their cover letter, resume and writing
samples to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov

Page 6 of 11

MEM-264-19

The Office of U.S. Representative Pramila Jayapal (WA-07) seeks an
experienced, creative and highly motivated Digital Specialist for her
Washington, D.C. office. Reporting to the Communications Director, the
Digital Specialist is responsible for creating original and creative content
(including, but not limited to, videos and graphics) and managing the
Congresswoman’s social media channels to further communicate and elevate
her agenda and accomplishments.
The ideal candidate will have:
*Social media, graphic design, and video production experience in a
legislative office, campaign, political organization or progressive advocacy
group;
*Fluency with social media platforms and a nuanced understanding of the
current social media landscape and trends;
*Excellent organization and time management skills necessary to work in a
fast-paced environment that requires rapid response;
*Strong writing skills and attention to detail;
*A passion for storytelling and social justice.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
*Drafting daily digital content for highly active social media channels;
*Serving as the lead graphic designer and video producer/editor for the office;
*Tracking social media performance and providing analysis of trends and
opportunities for future growth;
*Updating and managing the Congresswoman’s official website; and
*Coordinating the creation and distribution of an e-newsletter.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, new Americans, people with
disabilities, and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly
encouraged to apply. State and/or district ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should include in their application: resume, cover letter,
two writing samples, two graphic design samples, three references, and links
to either a reel or samples of video work.
Please send applications to jobs.pramila@mail.house.gov with “Digital
Specialist” in the subject line. No calls or drop-ins please.

MEM-263-19

The Denver district office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is
seeking a Constituent Services Representative with superior
communication (verbal and writing), customer service, relationship building
and problem-solving skills. The ideal candidate will have experience in public
service, grants work and/or arts and education. Moreover, the ideal candidate
is organized, detail-oriented and resilient in the face of a fast-paced legislative
office. The ideal candidate is proactive and comfortable working with diverse
staff, community members and constituents.

Page 7 of 11

SUMMARY
The Constituent Services Representative acts as a representative for the
Congresswoman in assigned communities and provides casework assistance
to constituents in assigned issue areas.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
*Assists constituents by providing information and is capable of researching
federal issues, answering questions on federal issues, directing constituents to
appropriate state or local governments or community resources.
*Writes memorandums for meetings the Congresswoman has scheduled
within assigned areas.
CASEWORK
* Answers casework correspondence, meets with constituents and serves as a
liaison with federal, state and local agencies in terms of assigned issue areas.
*Controls and processes constituent correspondence and cases in the
casework areas as assigned; exercises judgment to determine the best course
of action for individual cases.
*Follows district office casework policy and employs appropriate
congressional casework tools, programs and resources, logs in all incoming
and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to casework.
*Screens and refers cases, where appropriate, to other congressional district
offices; continually screens active cases to ensure that their cases are handled
in a responsive
manner; maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information
of importance
to the office.
*Logs-in constituent comments and researches questions on federal policy,
law or procedure
in the casework / issue areas as assigned; works with legislative staff in the
Washington,
D.C. office on researching issues regarding pending legislation in conjunction
with district
office outreach/events.
OUTREACH
*Acts as a liaison to assigned constituency groups to form effective
relationships for the
district office; facilitates meetings with federal agencies, constituents, and
groups having a
common interest.
*Represents the Congresswoman at meetings/events of assigned constituency
groups.

Page 8 of 11

GENERAL DUTIES
*Drives and staffs the Congresswoman for various events, meetings and
district office
outreach activities/functions, as needed;
*Meets attendance requirements established by the office; works full-time
which
periodically, may include additional hours, nights, and weekends without
overtime pay;
works well under pressure and manages stress appropriately;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff and
constituents;
*Performs other duties as assigned by the District Director.
SKILLS & KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED
*Ability to perform Essential Job Functions referenced herein;
*Good organizational skills, professional manner and appearance;
*Good communications skills (written and verbal); ability to communicate
effectively with
a variety of personalities in a tactful, pleasant, and professional manner;
*Knowledge of Microsoft Office suite; proficiency in word processing and
mail-merge;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Ability to drive a car – valid driver’s license.
WORKING CONDITIONS
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate;
*Work at a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE
*U.S. Citizen; office experience preferred; driver’s license;
*High school or GED required; college degree preferred.
Please send cover letter and resume to degette.employment@mail.house.gov
MEM-258-19

We are looking to expand the Member's visibility and outreach, resulting in a
need for highly diligent, confident candidates with substantial experience for
the role of Communications Director. Spanish speaking skills are also
important.
The position comes with great responsibility, as our Communications Director
is part of the senior staff for the Congressman and responsible for helping in
development and promotion of the Member's agenda. All aspects of
communications are covered, including but not limited to, televised press

Page 9 of 11

conferences, statements to the press, speeches, radio addresses and social
media. Experience with graphic design is a plus. The selected individual will
also work closely with the entire office team to formulate consistent
messaging in district mail pieces, and our 499-program.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Benefits include paid vacation and
sick leave, parking or metro benefits, health insurance and retirement -- Plus
an awesome work environment! Anyone interested may send their
applications to Congressionaljobopening@gmail.com
MEM-256-19

The Republican (Minority) staff of the House Committee on Veteran’s Affairs
is seeking a full-time press assistant in its Washington office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: drafting talking points, press
releases, speeches, and op-eds; managing the website; updating social media;
and compiling and monitoring press clips.
The ideal candidate will possess strong written and verbal communication
skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, professionalism, and a
good sense of humor. Prior Capitol Hill experience and/ or military service
are a plus. Interested candidates should send their cover letter, resume,
references, and three writing samples to var.resumes@mail.house.gov with
“Press Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.

MEM-252-19

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (MI-03) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative assistant with a background in law to join our
Washington, DC-based policy team. The legislative assistant will draft
legislation, analyze bills, and meet with constituents concerning policy
matters, among other duties. The person will be expected to handle a diverse
portfolio of policy issues.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. The applicant
must demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic
freedom, the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a JD or equivalent. Two years of relevant policy
experience is preferred, although Hill experience is not required.

Page 10 of 11

To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
applydc@amash.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.

Page 11 of 11

