House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of January 4, 2016

MEM-455-15

Ranking Member Louise Slaughter (NY-25) seeks a Legislative
Director. Responsibilities include developing and overseeing the
Congresswoman’s legislative agenda, managing a large legislative staff,
editing written material, and handling a legislative portfolio, including health
and pro-choice issues. Candidates should have at least five years of legislative
experience, a deep understanding of legislative process, a passion for public
policy, strong writing and communications skills, experience working with
external stakeholders, and the ability to work collaboratively. Women and
minorities are encouraged to apply. Interested applicants should submit a
cover letter and resume to employ@mail.house.gov.

MEM-454-15

U.S. Member of Congress in New York seeking a Staff Assistant for the
D.C. Office. Individuals should demonstrate strong interpersonal skills and
ability to manage multiple tasks, possess strong computing skills, and have a
solid work ethic. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering
and screening telephone calls, organizing and managing the front office,
greeting constituents and visitors, preparing and coordinating requests for
Page 1 of 7

tours, congressional proclamations and other recognitions, monitoring
deliveries, tracking and managing office supplies and materials, assisting staff
with projects, research and assignments. Must be proficient in Microsoft
Word, Outlook and Excel and experience with communications or graphic
design is desired but not required.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, and resume to
ResumeNY@mail.house.gov Please be sure to put STAFF ASSISTANT in
the subject line.
PLEASE NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS
MEM-453-15

U.S. Member of Congress in New York seeking a District Caseworker.
Congressional District Office is seeking a full time Caseworker. A highly
motivated and experienced candidate will be responsible for helping navigate
constituents through governmental services, particularly in the policy/issue
areas of: immigration, veterans’ affairs, social security, housing, and
assessing casework and community outreach activities for matters affecting or
warranting potential legislative action.
The successful candidate must possess previous experience in immigration
laws, outreach, organizing and case management. Prior experience working
for federal, state or local unit of government is a plus. Ideal candidate must
have excellent oral and written skills, the ability to work independently and as
part of a team, highly organized, self-motivated and able to perform in a fast
pace environment. Bilingual/multilingual is a plus. Valid driver’s license
desired. Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments is required.
Salary commensurate with experience
Please e-mail resume and cover letter to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please
be sure to put CASEWORKER in the subject line.
PLEASE NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS

MEM-452-15

U.S. Member of Congress in New York seeking a District Representative.
Seeking a team player capable of representing the Member and the office of
the Congressional district within his/her designated area. Duties for this
position include, but are not limited to community outreach activities and
public speaking; responding to constituent case work through correspondence,
meeting with constituents, as well as, with local businesses, merchants
associations, community-based organizations and agencies to assist in
navigating the services provided by the federal government. Organizing and
participating in community projects and events. Working with the District
Director to develop and execute outreach strategies for the district.
Serve as liaison to Community Boards, Precincts Councils and Block
Page 2 of 7

Associations. Attend and speak at meetings and/or events on the Member’s
behalf.
Must have extraordinary interpersonal skills, be constituent service oriented,
exhibit a professional demeanor and work ethic and have excellent writing
skills. Bilingual a plus. We are seeking a highly motivated and organized
individual, who is detail-oriented and able to work well under pressure. Valid
driver’s license desired. Availability for Evening and Weekend assignments
is required.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Please send resume and cover letter to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov Please be
sure to put DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE in the subject line.
PLEASE NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS
MEM-451-15

U.S. Member of Congress in New York seeking a Communications Director
to develop and implement aggressive communications strategy with local and
national media. Ideal applicant is a quick and clean writer, detail-oriented,
able to juggle numerous tasks successfully and best under tight deadlines.
Responsibilities include writing press releases, speeches, op-eds, talking
points, franked mail pieces and newsletters; coordinating interviews with
reporters, set up press events and press conferences, developing relationships
with the media; implementing district outreach activities (as it relates to
press); responding to media inquiries and coordinating the office’s online and
social media operations. Requires strong written and oral communication
skills, creativity, and the ability to work well with legislative and district
office staff. An ideal candidate will possess a minimum of 3-5 years of
communications experience, a demonstrated understanding of federal politics
and policy and a desire to work in a fast-paced and fluid
environment. Bilingual a plus. Valid driver’s license desired. Availability
for Evening and Weekend assignments is required.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter, resume and three writing
samples to ResumeNY@mail.house.gov. Please be sure to put
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR in the subject line.
PLEASE NO WALK-INS OR PHONE CALLS

MEM-449-15

The office of Congressman Brendan Boyle is seeking a Constituent Services
Representative in his Norristown district office beginning in January 2016.
General responsibilities will include working with constituents and federal
agencies on individual and community-based issues, answering constituent
phone calls, sorting mail, maintaining office files and supply inventories, as
well as other administrative tasks as needed.
Page 3 of 7

Successful candidates will have excellent written and oral communication
skills, be team oriented and comfortable working both independently and as
part of a group. Candidates should be self-starters, able to take and listen to
direction and should display a willingness to continuously learn new skills.
Candidates with fluency or strong verbal and written proficiency in Spanish
are strongly preferred, and strong working knowledge of or connection with
Montgomery County and the 13th congressional district is a plus. Interested
candidates should send your resume and cover letter to pa13jobs@gmail.com.
Please list “Constituent Services Representative” in the subject line.
MEM-448-15

The district office of Congressman Brendan Boyle is looking for a Special
Assistant/Constituent Service Representative to help coordinate the
Member’s in-district events and other logistics, in addition to working with
the constituents of the 13th congressional district.
Successful candidates will possess strong oral and written communication
skills and a temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a
tactful, pleasant, and professional manner at all times.
Assistant Duties include (but are not limited to):
 Transporting the Member to in-district and regional events as needed
and ensuring the member is keeping to his schedule at all times.
 Ensuring that the Member has necessary event related materials,
talking points, and other items as needed.
 Coordinating event photo records, taking pictures at events of the
Member.
 Ensuring that the member has all nonspecific event materials available
at all times (business cards, office information).
 Possessing the ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment
with respect to prioritization as related to the member’s schedule and
itinerary within specific events.
 Other miscellaneous tasks as needed.
Office/Constituent Service Duties include (but are not limited to):
 Working with constituents in the district office to resolve or address
issues with various federal agencies or other community problems.
 Answering phones and interacting with constituents via email and
written correspondence.
 Working with other district staff to maintain office filing system.
 Other administrative tasks as needed.
Thoroughness and careful attention to detail, full-time availability, flexible
scheduling (including working evenings and weekends on an as-needed
basis), ownership of a car and having a valid driver’s license are all required.
Page 4 of 7

Successful applicants will be able to work in a fast paced environment and be
able to improvise in a variety of settings. Previous experience working
legislative or government affairs is a plus. Candidates with a strong working
knowledge of the City of Philadelphia, Montgomery County, personal
connections or residency in the 13th congressional district and familiarity with
local transportation are strongly preferred. Interested candidates should send
your resume and cover letter to pa13jobs@gmail.com. Please list “Special
Assistant” in the subject line.
MEM-445-15

Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic, organized,
creative, self-starter to join the team of her very active and visible constituent
services staff. The Events Coordinator is also a caseworker who helps
constituents with federal issues but spends part of the time managing and
directing very diverse city-wide and neighborhood events that relate to the
Congresswoman’s congressional and constituent responsibilities, including
staying on top of everyday events in the Member’s district that keep the
community connected to the Member’s work. The Events Coordinator takes
the lead to develop major events, among them, the Tax Fair, Small Business
Fair, Job Fair, and Black History Month events.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks. The office prizes staff able
to think outside the box and work independently while also being available to
assist in co-worker projects where necessary or requested. Prior community
or event planning experience is desirable. The ideal candidate will have a
bachelor’s degree, excellent writing and communication skills, experience
interacting with the public and leadership qualities. Candidate must be a
resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move immediately to DC if
hired.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter and references to:
(202) 225-1129 (fax) or to dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov. NO PHONE
CALLS PLEASE!
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.

MEM-444-15

Office of Congressman Paul D. Tonko (NY-20) seeks an enthusiastic,
motivated, and highly organized Staff Assistant for the Washington, DC
office. Responsibilities include managing front office operations, processing
tour and flag requests, overseeing intern program, providing assistance to
Office Manager and legislative team, and a wide variety of other tasks.
Applicant must have a great sense of humor, strong writing skills, the ability
to learn quickly, and a solid team mentality. Finally, a valid driver’s license
with daily access to a vehicle and good driving record are preferred.
This is an entry level position. Women, minorities and those with ties to New
York’s Capital Region are encouraged to apply. Interested individuals should
Page 5 of 7

email a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample to
ny20resumes@mail.house.gov with “Team Tonko” in the subject line. No
phone calls or drop-bys, please.
MEM-440-15

Congressman French Hill (AR-02) is seeking a Staff Assistant in his
Washington, D.C. office beginning immediately. General responsibilities
include greeting constituents, answering constituent phone calls, opening and
sorting mail, guiding U.S. Capitol building tours, processing flag requests,
organizing supplies and inventory, and assisting staff with administrative and
legislative tasks.
Candidates will have a positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent
written and oral communication skills. Social media and other
communications experience a strong plus. Successful candidates will be selfstarters, take and listen to direction, and be able to work both independently
and as part of a team.
Applicants should have working knowledge of current events and policy
topics as well as a willingness to assist with daily office tasks. Arkansas ties
strongly preferred. Those interested please send your resume and cover letter
to ar02.applications@mail.house.gov.

MEM-438-15

Committee on Ethics has an opening for a Staff Assistant. Duties include:
answering telephones; assisting with the tracking and processing of
committee correspondence; providing administrative support in setting up
committee meetings; and entering data and navigating databases with
accuracy. This is a non-partisan position which requires the ability to serve
all Members of Congress equally and refrain from political or partisan
activity. Applicants must have excellent organizational skills and a
professional telephone manner; good computer skills; proficiency in
Microsoft Word and Excel; ability to work cooperatively and courteously
with others; ability to use good judgment in responding to inquiries and
requests; and flexibility in assisting with daily tasks and projects.
Please email cover letter and resume with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line
to ethicsjobs@mail.house.gov. NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

MEM-430-15

Senior Democrat seeks motivated, detail-oriented, and energetic individual
with excellent oral and written communication skills for a Staff Assistant
position in the Washington, DC office. Individuals should demonstrate strong
interpersonal skills, be comfortable with managing multiple tasks, and have a
strong work ethic. Responsibilities include managing the front office,
answering and screening telephone calls, greeting visitors, coordinating tour
requests for visiting constituents, managing flag requests, supervising and
coordinating the intern program, and assisting staff. Capitol Hill experience
preferred. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Email cover letter
and resume to employ@mail.house.gov.
Page 6 of 7

MEM-418-15

Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) is seeking a Communications Assistant in
Washington, D.C., to assist with the Member’s external communications
efforts. Responsibilities will include drafting media advisories and press
releases; collating daily press clips and morning headlines; creating content
for the Member’s social media accounts; graphic design projects; drafting
constituent mail and managing the constituent mail program.
The ideal candidate will be creative, have excellent written and oral
communication skills, be strongly proficient with digital and social media
platforms, be an energetic and a detail-oriented team player able to multi-task
and produce high-quality work on tight deadlines. Graphic and/or video
editing skills are highly preferred. Michiganders are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Please e-mail resume, cover letter and two writing samples (no more than 1page each) to michigan05jobs@gmail.com (subject line should read:
Communications Assistant Application). No telephone calls, emails or walkins, please.

MEM-368-15

New England Democrat seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highlyorganized Staff Assistant for Washington, DC office. Responsibilities
include managing front office operations, overseeing intern program, serving
as confidential assistant to Chief of Staff and Member, driving Member to
meetings and appointments, supporting Member’s daily activities, providing
assistance to scheduling and legislative teams, and other tasks as assigned.
Access to a vehicle and a clean driving record is required. New England ties
preferred. Applicants should submit cover letter, resume, and brief writing
sample to hill.jobs@mail.house.gov. No phone calls or drop-bys.

Page 7 of 7

