________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of March 18, 2024

MEM-128-24

The Principal Recruitment and Retention Specialist within the House Office
of the Legislative Counsel (HOLC) provides day-to-day support and acts as a key
advisor for recruiting and retention functions, consistent with the human
resources functions of existing Office positions.
Recruiting functions include organization and facilitation of recruiting processes,
planning and implementation of outreach strategies, and providing advice on best
practices, in support of hiring teams. Retention functions include working with
HOLC’s personnel to promote effective employee relations and team dynamics in
a way that maintains HOLC’s unique and respected culture.
The Principal Recruitment and Retention Specialist is responsible for staying
apprised of and providing advice on a wide range of human resources concepts,
laws, policies, practices, and methods, including those applicable to Offices of
the House of Representatives. The Principal Recruitment and Retention Specialist
provides technical advice and guidance to management and staff on recruiting
and retention matters, including by conducting research and recommending
strategies.
Performs the full range of recruitment and selection activities in support of hiring
teams, including the development of job announcements, ideal candidate profiles,
and innovative and creative recruitment and outreach strategies and timelines, and
day-to-day tasks relating to the organization and execution of recruiting
Page 1 of 24

processes.
• Develops and participates in applicable selection activities, including
application screening,
interviews, and other related assessments.
• Develops and implements scoring and screening processes for applicants.
• Conducts and/or facilitates reference and background checks.
• Maintains accurate and up-to-date recruiting-related records and databases.
• Maintains and analyzes recruitment statistics and records.
• Evaluates and advises the Legislative Counsel and other appropriate Office staff
on job
descriptions for open positions to accurately reflect roles and responsibilities;
conducts
and/or reviews classification studies and recommendations; and performs other
related
classification services.
• Coordinates recruiting activities within HOLC.
Principal Recruitment and Retention Specialist (Page 2) House Office of the
Legislative Counsel
• Maintains awareness of best practices relating to recruiting and retention in the
field of human
resources; incorporates new developments as appropriate.
• Provides advice on the development and implementation of HOLC’s goals,
objectives, and
priorities for recruiting and retention-related human resources policies and/or
procedures,
including those relating to inclusion and belonging.
• Provides advice, counsel, recommendations, training, and employee
engagement initiatives
to foster a positive and productive work environment, strengthen HOLC’s sense
of
community, and preserve HOLC’s unique and respected culture, a culture which
strives to
encourage long-term careers in the Office.
• Provides guidance and support at the request of the Legislative Counsel on
compensation related matters, such as by conducting salary-related research.
• Provides advice at the request of the Legislative Counsel on appropriate adverse
employment procedures, including termination; works with employees, at the
request of
such employees or the Legislative Counsel, to correct deficiencies.
• Provides advice for preparing and implementing strategies to prevent and
resolve employee
problems or disputes.
• Assists the Legislative Counsel to promote effective employee relations and
team dynamics;
answers questions about human resources issues; confers with staff as
appropriate.
Page 2 of 24

• Facilitates difficult conversations among employees; advises the Legislative
Counsel and
other appropriate staff on difficult and sensitive inquiries and complaints.
• Prepares, presents, and distributes applicable reports, correspondence, and other
recruiting
and retention-related human resources materials.
• Assists with human resources audits and compliance reviews.
• Maintains awareness of applicable Federal labor laws, anti-discrimination laws,
health and
safety regulations, and legislative, regulatory, and judicial mandates, along with
House
resources and requirements, for purposes of providing advice on recruiting and
retention related issues.
• Performs special projects as assigned, which may include conducting research
and gathering
data.
• Performs related duties as assigned
Please submit your completed employment application, résumé, cover letter,
responses to the supplemental questions, and the names, telephone numbers, and
email addresses of at least three professional references
to https://www.governmentjobs.com/careers/cpshrrs/jobs/4417652/principalrecruitment-and-retention-specialist
Application materials should reflect years and months of employment and
relevant human resources experience.
MEM-127-24

The Office of Congresswoman Diana DeGette (CO-01) is seeking an experienced
Legislative Assistant to manage a diverse portfolio that includes issues in the
jurisdiction of several House committees, especially Agriculture, Energy &
Commerce, Science, Space and Technology, and/or Transportation &
Infrastructure. This position is exclusively based in the Washington, D.C. office.
The primary responsibilities for this position will be leading and
advancing the assigned issue areas, identifying new areas for legislative action,
and coordinating with other Members and outside stakeholders. Additional duties
will be assigned based on experience and office needs.
This is not an entry level position. Previous experience working in a
Congressional office is required, and experience working on agriculture, animal
welfare, consumer protection, commerce, postal, space, technology,
telecommunications, tax, trade, transportation, and/or immigration issues is
preferred.
The ideal candidate is hardworking and motivated; organized, detail-oriented and
resilient in the face of a fast-paced and ever-changing environment. The ideal
Page 3 of 24

candidate is also proactive and comfortable working with diverse staff,
community members and constituents. Our team values professionalism,
positivity, strategic thinking, and good humor. Colorado or western state ties are
a plus. The salary range for this position is $63,000 – $73,000 annually,
commensurate with experience.
The Office is an equal opportunity employer; women, people of color, members
of the LGBTQ+ community, and members of other traditionally underrepresented
communities are encouraged to apply.
Interested applicants should send an email with their resume and cover letter in a
single PDF to DeGette.Employment@mail.house.gov by Friday, March 29.
Please include last name and position in email subject line, e.g. “Legislative
Assistant - [Last Name].” No drop-ins, emails, or social media invitations please.
MEM-126-24

The Office of Congresswoman Hillary Scholten is seeking a highly organized and
motivated District Representative/Constituent Caseworker to serve as a link
between the Congresswoman’s office and her constituents.
District Representative responsibilities include helping constituents to resolve
issues with federal agencies, meeting with constituents, and serving as a liaison to
locate, state, and federal officials or groups to form effective relationships for the
Congresswoman.
Key Responsibilities:
•Manage a high volume of incoming constituent correspondence via phone,
email, and mail.
•Conduct research to fully understand constituent inquiries and resolve cases in a
timely manner.
•Liaise with federal agencies to inquire about the status of cases and resolve
bureaucratic issues.
•Maintain detailed records and case files using a database.
•Attend community outreach events and build relationships with local
stakeholders.
Qualifications:
•1-2 years of customer service, administrative, or office experience.
•Strong verbal and written communication skills.
•Excellent organizational abilities and attention to detail.
•Ability to prioritize, multi-task and meet deadlines.
•Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite and database management.
•Knowledge of federal agencies and programs a plus.
•Commitment to providing exceptional constituent service.
Applicant Instructions:
All interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter, resume and
Page 4 of 24

three (3) references to District Director Khristian Silvis
at Khristian.Silvis@mail.house.gov.
Salary Level/Range: $50,000 to $60,000 - Commensurate on experience
Notice:
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-125-24

The Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark (MA-5) is currently accepting
applications for the position of District Staff Assistant.
The Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, processes mail, assists
with constituent casework, drafts correspondence, and performs other
administrative duties as needed. The Staff Assistant is also responsible for
overseeing a robust internship program, including recruiting, interviewing, hiring,
and supervising interns.
This role requires impeccable judgment and the ability to prioritize myriad tasks.
The ideal candidate should be personable, organized, and detail-oriented.
Applicants must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and
the ability to work cooperatively with others.
Office staff are currently working in person, remotely, or in a hybrid model
depending on the needs and
safety of the office.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ+ persons are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Essential Job Functions:
•Manages the office intern program, ensuring smooth front office operational
duties
•Works with constituent services representatives to ensure efficient casework
intake using the office’s internal database
•Assists persons who have appointments with the Member or other staff Members
and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the Members’
appointments are on time
•Maintains literature regarding the District and DC offices for distribution to
visitors
•Coordinates the filing and indexing of all correspondence
•Maintains office inventory and signs for deliveries
Page 5 of 24

•Provides orientation and training for new staff
•Supervises the reception desk, mail operations, and administrative files
•Assumes responsibility for overall office appearance and layout
•Maintains the office answering machine or voice mail
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other offices
•Logs in all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework or opinions
•Facilitates annual student engagement initiatives on behalf of the office
•Performs other duties as assigned
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing samples to
Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov.
All materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-122-24

Congressman Donald Norcross (NJ-1), Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on
Tactical Air and Land Forces of the House Armed Services Committee, is
accepting applications for a senior Military Legislative Assistant position on his
legislative team.
Competitive applicants should have an extensive knowledge of defense, foreign
affairs, and veterans budgets, policies, and programs. Responsibilities are typical
of a House legislative assistant with emphasis on: managing related authorization
and appropriations requests; staffing committee hearings, briefings, markups, and
floor action; developing and advancing legislative and program priorities; making
cosponsor and vote recommendations; writing policy and program memos and
talking points; and working directly with defense, foreign affairs, and veterans
agencies, interest groups, industries, and constituents. This is not an entry-level
position and closer consideration will go to applicants with prior Hill or military
experience.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status and encourages candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and two writing samples (one
narrative style and one bulleted issue brief, each 1 page max) with the subject line
“MLA – [Last Name]” to cd1jobs@mail.house.gov by March 28th, 2024
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis.

MEM-120-24

U.S. Congressman Paul Gosar (Arizona’s - 09) is seeking a Staff Assistant for
his Washington, D.C. office.
Description: The main functions of the Staff Assistant are to support the
operational functions of the office and staff needs. Applicants should be highly
Page 6 of 24

organized with excellent written and communication skills. The applicant must be
able to multi-task, be punctual and meet deadlines all with a professional positive
attitude.
Job tasks include but are not limited to the following.
•Field, log and direct incoming calls to the designated staffer
•Log and monitor incoming mail
•Oversee the D.C. office internship program
•Staff the Congressman at events and meetings as needed
•Draft correspondence
•Coordinate with staff on administrative tasks and projects
•Coordinate all constituent Capitol and White House tour requests
•Must be willing to work long and irregular hours when we are in session
•Be willing to drive the Congressman as needed. Parking will be provided.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two references and two short writing
samples to Lukas.Bacon@mail.house.gov with “DC Staff Assistant” in the
subject line.
MEM-116-24

The District Office of Congresswoman Katherine M. Clark is currently accepting
applicants for the position of Military & Veterans Constituent Service
Representative (CSR). The CSR monitors and updates the Member and District
Director on district and local issues as well as serves as a liaison to federal,
district, and local agencies for the member and constituents.
This position is responsible for a wide range of outreach, relationship
management, event coordination, and correspondence. We’re looking for
someone who has great judgment, keen political skills, is quick on their feet and
ready to seize opportunities (or create them). The ideal candidate is efficient but
highly detail oriented and is a strong written and oral communicator.
Essential Job Functions Required:
•Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman within their area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies;
•Informs the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in their
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
•Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Member;
•Manages casework portfolio as assigned, assesses casework for problems
requiring legislative action, and makes recommendations to the District Director
and/or Chief of Staff;
•Monitors scheduled district meetings with constituents for the Member;
•Screens and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district offices and local
Page 7 of 24

agencies;
•Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on pending cases and district
activities in their assigned portfolio;
•Continually screens active cases and acts as liaison with constituents to ensure
that their cases are handled in a responsive manner;
•Maintains up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information of
importance to the office;
•Performs other duties as assigned.
This is a full-time position. Office staff are currently working in person,
remotely, or in a hybrid model depending on the needs and safety of the office.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
Diverse candidates, women, and LGBTQ+ persons are strongly encouraged to
apply.
Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, & 2 writing samples
to: Jobs.MA05@mail.house.gov.
All materials will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-112-24

Communications Director for Rep. Rob Menendez (NJ-08)
Congressman Rob Menendez (NJ-08), Member of the House Committees on
Transportation and Infrastructure (T&I) and Homeland Security, is seeking an
experienced, collaborative, and hardworking Communications Director in his
Washington D.C. office.
This position will manage and coordinate all communications activities and serve
as the primary communications advisor and media contact for the Member and
the Office. This includes working closely with the Chief of Staff, Legislative
Director, and District Director to develop and execute a comprehensive
communications strategy and ensure that the Office is reaching constituents and
members of the press on DC and District events and news. Responsibilities
include managing and executing a proactive franking/mass communications
program; managing the Digital Manager/Press Assistant; drafting press releases,
talking points, floor speeches, and communications memos; maintaining
relationships with local and national press; addressing media inquiries;
developing, advancing, and staffing press events; and performing other press
duties as assigned.
This is not an entry-level position. Ideal candidates will have three or more years
of relevant communications experience, the ability to work well under pressure
and cooperatively with colleagues, and a good understanding of both Washington
Page 8 of 24

D.C. and local media landscapes. Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading
skills are essential, as well as strong oral communication skills. Spanish speakers
and New Jersey ties are a plus.
Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a cover letter; two writing samples
including a press release, newsletter, or franking/mass communications example;
and resume in one PDF document to NJ08.resumes@gmail.com with the
following subject line: “Full Name – Communications Director.”
This is a full-time position. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or parental status),
color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
MEM-103-24

STAFF ASSISTANT – Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi (San Francisco)
The office of Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi is seeking strong candidates for a
Staff Assistant position in her San Francisco district office.
Description:
This position supports the base operational functions of the office and staff needs.
Applicants should be highly organized with excellent written and oral
communication skills, the ability to multi-task, think creatively and meet
deadlines all while maintaining a positive, results-driven demeanor as the
constituent-facing contact for the office.
Responsibilities:
•Field and direct incoming calls to the appropriate staff member
•Track and summarize local and state news
•Process and monitor incoming mail
•Track and maintain office inventory and supplies
•Oversee district Congressional intern program
•Assist in staffing events and meetings for the Speaker Emerita
•Prepare daily, weekly and monthly reports summarizing correspondence, gifts
and other relevant items
•Draft official correspondence for approval and dissemination
•Coordinate with staff on administrative tasks and projects
•Assist with constituent services and casework
Must be willing to work long and irregular hours, including some nights and
weekends. Multi-lingual skills and media experience are preferred, but not
essential. Knowledge of the City & County of San Francisco, California’s 11th
Congressional District and the State of California is valuable. An ability to think
creatively and meet deadlines is essential.
Congresswoman Pelosi's office is an Equal Opportunity Employer and strongly
values the diversity of its employees. Salary will be commensurate with
Page 9 of 24

experience.
Please send resume, cover letter and writing sample
to resume.ca11@mail.house.gov with “SF Staff Assistant” in the subject line.
Resumes will NOT be reviewed without a cover letter and writing sample. NO
phone calls or walk-ins please.
MEM-102-24

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a staff assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include assisting the legislative, constituent services and
administrative functions of the office, to include monitoring, processing and
responding to constituent mail and other communications, managing constituent
tours and other needs, and coordinating D.C. and Honolulu office issues. As
needed and depending on capability, the position also encompasses legislative
duties. Direct report is to the Chief of Staff, although the Congressman is
routinely involved in all aspects of his office operations.
The position also requires initiative, interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask,
work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve
problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills,
and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
Strong preference given to prior Capitol Hill experience and Hawai‘i background,
and applicants are asked to detail these attributes.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “DC Staff Assistant” in the
subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.

MEM-101-24

U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai‘i - 01) is seeking a mid to senior legislative
staff member for his Washington, D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include the full range of management of a diverse and
active portfolio of substantive issues. Specific duties include advising, briefing
and staffing the Congressman on assigned issues, preparing and advancing
related appropriations requests, monitoring related committee (including the
Congressman’s Appropriations Committee) and floor activities, advancing
legislative initiatives, drafting constituent correspondence, and representing the
office in meetings with constituents and others. Direct report is to the Chief of
Staff, although the Congressman is routinely involved in all aspects of his office
operations and there is routine direct interaction with the Congressman.
The position also requires initiative, interpersonal skills, the ability to multitask,
work independently and effectively under pressure, make decisions and solve

Page 10 of 24

problems, orientation to detail, excellent verbal communication and writing skills,
and long hours especially adjusting to changing time zones.
Strong preference given to commensurate Capitol Hill experience, and Hawai‘i
background and knowledge is highly valued though not required. Applicants are
asked to detail these attributes.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, three references and two short
writing samples to HI01resumes@gmail.com with “DC Legislative Staffer” in
the subject line. Please, no phone calls, faxes or drop-ins.
MEM-100-24

Rep. Raul Ruiz’s office is seeking candidates to fill an open Press Secretary /
Communications Director position (title and salary based on experience). Please
pass this along to anyone you think might be interested.
Rep. Ruiz (CA-25), member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, seeks an
energetic and well-organized professional to manage his communications
portfolio. The position is based in Washington, DC and will travel to the district
as needed. Candidates must have professional fluency in both English & Spanish.
Candidates should be self-motivated, diligent, a team player, and able to develop
and maintain relationships with local state, and national media reporters. The
ideal candidate will have a passion for practical policies that unite the country and
digital organizing / communications in all formats. Other duties include
developing messaging and talking points; overseeing all communications
materials, including press releases, website content, franked mail, and social
media accounts; working with policy staff on short- and long-term
communications goals; and regularly briefing and staffing the member.
This position will mentor /manage appropriate press interns in all offices. This is
not an entry-level position.
Ideal candidates should have, or can articulate, experience in the following areas /
topics / platforms:
*Strong written and oral communications skills (writing, editing, proofreading)
with at least two years of political communications experience including
producing Op-Ed’s, Press Releases & other communications
*Understanding of print, broadcast, & online social media tools / platforms
(Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, CanvaPro, Adobe Premier, etc.)
*Strong skills & experience producing excellent written & visual content,
including graphics & video, for a variety of social media platforms
*An ability to amplify media coverage & grow its impact
*Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, procedures & organization of
the House – a plus
*Knowledge of current issues & events in which the Congressman is involved in
*Ability to with legislative staff on short / long-term communications goals
*Ability to exercise discretion & judgment in the representation of the
Page 11 of 24

Congressman's position on policy issues
*Must have the ability to prioritize duties & manage staff in a fast-paced work
environment while meeting rapid timelines
*Ability to translate complex policy issues into simple language, creating talking
point summaries
*Leading, managing & optimizing production needs surrounding virtual & inperson town hall meetings, public forums, & press conferences & creating
graphics & media presentations when required
*Proactively pitching national/local media and developing media strategy
*Creating e-newsletters & managing the franked mailers process for the office
*Tracking press and social media analytics
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages people of all identity
groups to apply. Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, and two
writing samples (one English and one Spanish on two different topics)
to: CA25Resumes@mail.house.gov with the “Press Secretary /Communications
Director- [NAME]” in the subject line.
MEM-099-24

The District Office Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, and
answers constituent requests for general information, tours, and other inquiries.
This position also monitors delivery and pickup of materials, maintains the front
office, and assists with various administrative and legislative duties.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Answers and screens telephone calls for the Congresswoman and other staff
members;
•Greets and screens visitors;
•Assists persons who have appointments with the Congresswoman or other staff
members and works closely with the District Director to ensure that the
Congresswoman's appointments are on time;
•Responds to constituent requests for flags, tours and other information;
•Maintains literature regarding the district and House offices for distribution to
visitors;
•Signs for deliveries and forwards all materials delivered to the office to
appropriate staff and/or Congresswoman in a timely manner;
•Orders all office supplies and maintains office equipment;
•Facilitate constituent commendation process;
•Manages office recycling program;
•Reviews and clips relevant articles in newspapers and publications;
•Assists with receptionist duties as needed;
•Maintains the office answering machine or voicemail;
•Ensures that requests for assistance are directed to the appropriate staff member
in a timely manner;
•Documents visitor opinions, including full name, address, and all relevant
information;
Page 12 of 24

•Performs general typing and administrative assignments;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
•Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
•Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress;
•Works a flexible schedule including occasional nights and weekends; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
At least one year of office experience is preferred; administrative training is
beneficial.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Ability to use and troubleshoot photocopier, facsimile machine, telephone, and
other office equipment;
•Careful attention to detail;
•Excellent writing and proofreading skills;
•Ability to perform essential job functions above;
•Professional telephone manner;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant and professional manner;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures;
•Knowledge of office computer applications including Microsoft Office; and
•Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment.
•Noise levels are usually moderate.
TO APPLY:
•Please e-mail your resume and cover letter
to NC04Resume@mail.house.gov and list “Name – District Office Staff
Assistant” in the subject line.
MEM-098-24

Congresswoman Valerie Foushee seeks a creative and motivated Outreach
Coordinator in her District Office to implement a strong constituency-based
outreach program.
The Outreach Coordinator monitors and updates the Congresswoman and District
Director on district and local issues. This role is responsible for seeking
opportunities for the Congresswoman and the office to maintain an active
Page 13 of 24

presence within the community. This position will help build and maintain
relationships with key stakeholders and work to address local issues on the
federal level.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Acts as the representative for the Congresswoman within their area of
responsibility including answering casework correspondence, meeting with
constituents, verbal communications with constituents, and serving as a liaison
with federal, district, and local agencies;
•Informs the Congresswoman and the District Director of all happenings in their
assigned issue areas by screening district media sources and interacting with
constituents;
•Acts as a liaison to local, state and federal officials and other persons or groups
to form effective relationships for the Congresswoman;
•Monitors scheduled district meetings for the Congresswoman with constituents;
•Prepares periodic reports for the District Director on district activities in
assigned issue areas;
•Maintains a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
•Works well under pressure and handles stress;
•Works a flexible schedule including some nights and weekends; and
•Performs other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION (OR EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE):
Prior experience working for an elected official or prior experience managing
staff, volunteers, or interns on a campaign or organization.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to work effectively
in a fast-paced environment;
•Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant and professional manner;
•Excellent organizational skills and careful attention to detail;
•Ability to think strategically and creatively;
•Knowledge of issues and events in the district in which the Congresswoman has
been involved as well as a good understanding of federal-level policy work;
•Understanding of the federal legislative process as well as federal agencies and
departments;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Valid driver’s license and access to a car;
•Willingness to work evenings, weekends.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Outreach activities require work during regular office hours and some nights and
weekends. Additionally, employee must be able to travel within the district
Page 14 of 24

approximately 50% of time and hold a valid driver’s license.
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment.
•Noise levels are usually moderate.
TO APPLY:
•Please e-mail your resume and cover letter
to NC04Resume@mail.house.gov and list “Name – Outreach Assistant” in the
subject line.
MEM-094-24

House GOP Appropriator seeks an experienced Legislative Director with at least
3 years of Capitol Hill experience to manage various portfolios and oversee
committee activity.
Resumes can be sent to housegopemployment@gmail.com

MEM-091-24

Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized, and
professional individual to serve in the role of Staff Assistant.
The successful applicant will be personable, organized, possess excellent
communication and time-management skills, the ability to exercise sound,
independent judgment, and the ability to work cooperatively and courteously with
others.
Daily tasks include answering phones, processing incoming correspondence,
assisting with constituent requests for information, coordinating tours, and other
administrative duties supporting the Member and staff as needed. We are
especially interested in talking with tech savvy individuals familiar with Apple
products, Zoom, Outlook and WebEx.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to staffassist24@yahoo.com.
No walk-in applicants or phone calls, please.

MEM-090-24

Senior Democratic Member is seeking an enthusiastic, well organized and
professional individual to serve as Legislative Correspondent. The successful
applicant will be well-organized, possess excellent writing skills, be able to
operate and maintain sophisticated databases, and produce quality mail and email
lists.
This individual will help manage the constituent communications program,
including monitoring the flow of incoming and outgoing correspondence, keeping
the constituent database current, responding to constituent correspondence, and
working with legislative and communications staff to maintain a proactive
constituent outreach program.
To apply, please send a resume and a cover letter to legcor24@yahoo.com. No
walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
Page 15 of 24

MEM-086-24

The Office of Congressman Jake Auchincloss (MA-04), a member of the
Transportation & Infrastructure Committee and the Select Committee on China,
seeks an experienced Communications Director to join his Washington, D.C.
office. The position requires some travel to the district to support media relations
and press events.
The Communications Director serves as the Member’s primary communications
and media strategist. They work closely with the Chief of Staff, Legislative
Director, and District Director to develop and execute a coordinated plan to
inform the media on issues that are important to the Member and oversee day-today press operations. The Communications Director also manages and oversees
the office’s communication team (e.g., Press Assistant).
The Communications Director will be responsible for developing and executing
an ambitious communications strategy to maximize the Member’s visibility
nationally and in the district; drafting press releases, statements, speeches, and
talking points; maintaining relationships and booking interviews with national
and local press outlets; pitching stories and responding to reporter inquiries;
assisting with social media; and other duties as assigned.
This is not an entry-level position. Candidates should have previous
communications experience, possess exceptional writing skills, experience
writing in the voice of a principal, and experience working across all media,
directly with local and national reporters, bookers, and other members of the
media to proactively pitch stories and respond to inquiries. Candidates should be
detail-oriented and highly motivated to serve on an active team. The salary range
for this position is $95,000 - $105,000.
Job Duties:
•Partners with the Member and leadership team to develop and implement media
and communications strategies
•Identifies national and local opportunities to promote the Member’s policies and
priorities
•Monitors local, national, and digital media coverage to measure the overall
effectiveness of the Member’s communications strategy and messaging
•Pitches reporters while also fielding and responding to press inquiries at the local
and national levels
•Drafts talking points, floor statements, op-eds, press releases, media advisories,
Congressional Record statements, and speeches to develop comprehensive
communications for the Member
•Prepares the Member for media interviews, press conferences, public events,
roundtables, and other speaking engagements
•Acts as the spokesperson (on the record, on background, and off the record) to
serve as a formal representative for the Member
•Builds and maintains strong relationships with local and national reporters
Page 16 of 24

(including Capitol Hill reporters, local reporters, and issue-specific reporters at
national outlets), editors, columnists, producers, bookers, and advocacy groups to
maintain connections and coordinate events with the media
•Coordinates with external parties to execute successful national press events
•Organizes workload to prioritize tasks in accordance with varying deadlines and
ensure work is completed in an efficient and effective manner
•Understands differing perspectives and opinions to navigate conflicts and
develop solutions effectively
•Oversees the work of the office's communication team staff, including the
biweekly newsletter process
•Coordinates the franked/paid communications process end-to-end, works with
the Chief of Staff to develop plan and budget
Featured Skills:
•Strategic Thinking: Able to identify and articulate long-term objectives and
develop clear messaging and specific action steps across all media channels to
achieve team’s goals
•Attention to Detail: Performs work thoroughly and accurately; acts
conscientiously when attending to detail.
•Decision Making: Makes sound, well-informed, and objective decisions;
perceives the impact and implications of decisions. Commits to action to
accomplish organizational goals. Maintains appropriate levels of confidentiality.
•Media Relations: Works with various media outlets to effectively provide
information on the Member’s objectives and activities.
•Verbal Communication: Makes clear and convincing oral presentations that are
appropriate to listeners and situations. Listens effectively, attends to nonverbal
cues, and responds appropriately.
•Written Communication: Writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing
manner for the intended audience.
Preferences:
•3-5 years Capitol Hill or Hill-adjacent experience
•Experience on campaigns (political, legislative, or issue-based)
To apply, send via email a single PDF with a resume, writing sample, and 2 on
the record examples to AuchinclossJobs@mail.house.gov with the following
subject line: “Full Name – Communications Director.” Applications will be
accepted on a rolling basis.
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status), national
origin, age, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other
characteristic protected by applicable law. Our office encourages candidates of
diverse backgrounds to apply.

Page 17 of 24

MEM-085-24

The Office of Rep. French Hill (AR02) seeks to fill the position of staff assistant
in the Washington D.C. office.
Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to, answering phones,
processing mail, greeting visitors, processing flag and tour requests, supporting
the staff’s day to day activities, various office management tasks, and assisting
with long-term projects.
Ideal candidates will have:
-clear communication skills for verbal and written correspondence;
-a professional demeanor and a positive disposition while interacting with
visitors;
-ability to creatively problems solve in a fast-paced environment;
-time management skills including the ability to prioritize, and track work status.
Arkansas ties are preferred.
Applicants should send their resume and cover letter
to AR02.Applications@mail.house.gov, with the subject line ‘Staff Assistant’.

MEM-072-24

Job Opportunity: Communications Director for Congressman Donald G. Davis
(NC-01)
Congressman Donald G. Davis, representing North Carolina’s 1st Congressional
District, is seeking a seasoned Communications Director to craft and implement a
dynamic communications strategy suitable for a highly competitive district. This
role requires close collaboration with the Congressman, Chief of Staff, and both
the legislative and district teams to manage and direct the Member's
comprehensive communications efforts, spanning both the district and
Washington, D.C. This is a senior-level position, not suitable for entry-level
applicants.
Core Responsibilities:
•Maintain media relationships at both national and local levels, manage inquiries,
and actively pitch story ideas.
•Craft and revise press materials, including releases, media strategies for
highlighting legislative achievements, and content for district outreach and
events.
•Lead a proactive and engaging social media presence.
•Draft op-eds, talking points, newsletters, mailers, letters, and speeches.
•Guide and develop the communications team.
•Work in tandem with District Office and legislative staff to enhance the visibility
of the office’s initiatives.
•Manage official (franked) communications and oversee the 499 program
effectively.
Qualifications:
Page 18 of 24

•3-5 years of experience in political/Hill communications.
•Proven expertise in creating various communication materials and a keen eye for
detail.
•Demonstrated ability in leading a team and successful media engagement.
•Previous experience with franked communications is desirable.
•Skills in digital media, including social media and graphic/video design, are
advantageous.
The ideal candidate will be a team player, inventive, enthusiastic, detail-focused,
capable of juggling multiple tasks, politically savvy, and prepared to commit to
long hours in a dynamic and challenging environment. Connections to North
Carolina and prior experience on Capitol Hill are preferred.
Application Process:
Review of applications will commence immediately, with interviews to follow
shortly, aiming for a swift hiring process. Interested applicants are urged to apply
promptly.
We welcome candidates from diverse backgrounds. Our office is an equal
opportunity employer, committed to inclusivity and non-discrimination based on
race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, or national origin.
To Apply: Submit a resume, cover letter, a writing sample of no more than 1,000
words, and three references (including name, title, organization, contact details,
and your relationship with them) in a single PDF to nc01resumes@gmail.com.
Use the subject line: “Your Full Name – Communications Director.”
MEM-070-24

The Office of Congressman Greg Casar (D-TX35) is seeking a Staff Assistant
for their Washington DC Office. Ties to the District, Texas, and Spanish
language fluency are preferred but not required.
This person will be responsible for managing front office operations, answering
telephone calls and emails, processing mail, tracking and maintaining office
supplies and equipment, co-supervising interns, and assisting with staffing events
and meetings, among other tasks. This person will provide support to the district
office in responding to constituent needs.
This person will also serve as the office tour coordinator and will be responsible
for managing constituent requests for Capitol and White House tours, as well as
constituent requests for flags.
The ideal candidate will have strong organizational, time management, project
management, and interpersonal skills. Familiarity with the federal government is
preferred. The salary for this position is $55,000.

Page 19 of 24

How To Apply
Our office is committed to building a team with diverse lived experiences that
equip our team to serve the Texas 35th district. Candidates are encouraged to
apply and describe how their experience translates to the role and needs of the
office.
Interested applicants should submit the required documentation below.
Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis and the first round of interviews
will begin on February 26. Due to the volume of applications, we will only
contact applicants whose applications move forward to the interview phase.
Please no calls, direct emails, or walk-ins:
1.Fill out an application via the
link: https://airtable.com/apppdXuCnxKM0TqUY/pagYymcukVNglJush/form
2.In the application link, submit one combined PDF of a cover letter, resume,
contact information of 2 references, and a one-page writing sample that describes
“Why do you want to work for Congressman Greg Casar? What experiences
translate to the roles and needs of the office?”
The Office of Congressman Greg Casar is an equal opportunity employer; we do
not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression,
national origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital status,
sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable.
MEM-013-24

Congresswoman Michelle Steel’s District Office has an immediate need to hire a
full-time Field Representative/Caseworker. We are looking for an enthusiastic
and motivated individual to join our high-energy team in Cypress, CA.
Basic Functions:
Under the supervision of the Chief of Staff and the District Director, the Field
Representative/ Caseworker acts as the representative for the Member. Field
Representative responsibilities include strengthening relationships with key
stakeholders, as well as attending engagements on behalf of the Member.
Caseworker responsibilities include helping constituents resolve problems with
federal agencies through written and verbal communication.
Duties:
*Ensure outreach efforts align with the Member’s strategic vision and goals
*Coordinate closely with staff to ensure district priorities are reflective in
legislative priorities
*Build and maintain relationships with constituents and key community leaders
*Inform the District Director and Member on up-and-coming issues in the district
*Perform constituent services and casework as assigned
*Maintain up-to-date files on all cases and categories of information
*Continually manage active cases and serve as a liaison with constituents to
ensure that cases are handled in a timely and appropriate manner
Page 20 of 24

Requirements:
*Political savvy and comfortable navigating complicated situations
*Strong written, verbal, analytical, and organization skills; impeccable customer
service manners; public speaking skills
*Ability to multi-task, manage time effectively, and adapt to changing priorities
Candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule, including occasional
nights/weekends
Position Qualifications/Education:
Bachelor’s degree or related job experience is required. A demonstrated interest
in public service and familiarity with Orange and Los Angeles Counties is
preferred.
Salary and Application Deadline:
Salary starts at $50,000 per year. Salary commensurate with experience.
Applications will be accepted until the position is filled.
Submit a cover letter and resume to Stephanie Hu, District Director, Office of
Congresswoman Steel, Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov.
All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex
(including marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability, age, or national origin.
MEM-546-23

Member Services Director, Congressional Black Caucus (CBC)
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) seeks a Member Services Director who
is exceptionally motivated, dynamic, strategic, and detail-oriented to engage with
CBC Member offices and outside partners to advance a robust member services
portfolio.
The Member Services Director will be expected to proactively build strong
relationships across CBC Member offices and develop strategic opportunities for
Member engagement advancing shared priorities. The individual will also be
expected to coordinate with CBC staff to field and respond to inquiries and
requests for support from Member offices and respond to and share external
opportunities for Member engagement as they arise.
The Member Services Director is also responsible for assisting in overseeing all
aspects of caucus operations, logistics, designated administrative responsibilities
and to support caucus leadership.
The Member Services Director responsibilities will include:
•Conducting regular outreach to Member offices to build relationships with staff,
Page 21 of 24

share opportunities for Member or staff participation in events, messaging, and
other efforts, and identify new ideas for collaboration with Member offices
•Sharing resources with Member offices and working with CBC, congressional,
and external staff to develop high-quality materials for Member office use
•Drafting regular newsletters for Member offices with relevant updates and
opportunities, as well as for external audiences to uplift Member engagement on
CBC issues
•Developing a network of external partners working on issues relevant to the
CBC and Member offices
•Maintaining staff contact information and distribution lists
•Provides orientation and training for new staff;
•Assists departing employees with necessary administrative procedures (i.e.,
returning keys, House I.D. cards, and other office property; obtaining forwarding
addresses, work files, and records);
•Supervises the mail operations and the administrative files and personnel
records;
•Assists staff in scheduling House or Capitol rooms for outside group functions;
•Organize and facilitate meetings and other strategic convenings to support
institutional
•change, policies, and programmatic work;
•Oversees operations for CBC including organizing weekly meetings and events
•Provides logistical support for all programming
•Works with the CBC personal office staffs and coordinates with the CBC
Schedulers to implement the Caucus’ priorities
•Builds and maintains databases of internal and external stakeholders
Qualified candidates must have an understanding of CBC policy priorities and
familiarity working with the African American community. Outstanding writing
and communication skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work
closely and collaboratively with multiple Member offices and key stakeholders
are essential. Top candidates should also be detail-oriented and possess the ability
to multi-task, work well in a fast-paced setting, and act as a team player.
Candidates should have a demonstrated understanding of House and Senate
legislative processes.
To apply, please send a cover letter, resume to vincent.evans@mail.house.gov.
No walk-ins or calls please.
MEM-451-23

The Office of the Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA-43) the Ranking Member of the
House Committee on Financial Services (FSC), has an immediate need for an
experienced policy professional and manager to be the Member’s Legislative
Director/Counsel.
The Legislative Director will focus on the Member’s non-FSC policy priorities
including civil rights issues. Working closely with the Chief of Staff and
Page 22 of 24

Communications Director the Legislative Director will aim to ensure the
Member’s strategic legislative vision is implemented. This is not an entry-level
position. The ideal candidate will have significant previous experience working
in legislative roles on Capitol Hill.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
•Ensures legislative staff focuses on Member’s policy goals.
•Proposes policy positions and formulate legislative solutions.
•Recommends strategies and tactics on advancing Member’s legislative priorities.
•Handles short-term and long-term legislative planning for the Member.
•Manages direction of legislative team.
•Monitors and reports floor action to the Member and the Chief of Staff.
•Writes and reviews legislative memos.
•Works with legislative team to develop vote recommendations.
•Coordinates responses to legislative mail.
•Communicates and strategizes with the District Director and/or district office
staff on policy initiatives targeted towards constituents.
•Maintains up-to-date status reports on all legislation affecting the district,
legislation sponsored by the Member, legislation on which the Member is an
original, lead cosponsor, and legislation on which the Member is a cosponsor.
•Oversees activities in the office in the absence of the Chief of Staff.
•Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
•Juris Doctor degree required.
•Ability to work in face-paced environment with high-profile Member.
•Prior experience as a Legislative Director or Senior Legislative Assistant
strongly preferred.
•3 – 6 years of Capitol Hill experience strongly preferred.
•At least 2 years of management experience.
•Thorough understanding of the legislative process
•Expertise and/or experience in judiciary related issues, e.g., civil rights,
women’s rights, gun policy, constitutional law, etc., and foreign affairs strongly
preferred.
•Strong leadership and organizational skills.
•Strong time management skills.
•Excellent oral and written communication skills.
•Managing complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives and driving collaborative
processes.
•Availability to work long hours.
•Flexible and adaptable to a variety of personalities and situations.
•Familiarity with California and/or district 43 preferred but not required.
SALARY
Commensurate with experience.

Page 23 of 24

Applicant Instructions:
Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and at least 2
references to stephanie.moore@mail.house.gov with “Legislative
Director/Counsel” in the subject line. This position will remain open until filled.
Incomplete applications may not be considered.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or national origin.

Page 24 of 24

