________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of October 18, 2021

MEM-425-21

Congressman Ami Bera, M.D. seeks a Senior Policy Advisor with health policy
expertise to lead the Member’s active health work, as well as other issues as
assigned.
The position manages work leading and contributing to multiple caucuses,
priority legislation and efforts, and working closely with bipartisan stakeholders
both on and off the Hill. Successful candidates will have strong oral and written
communication skills, and demonstrated experience advancing a legislative
agenda, working with diverse coalitions, and representing Members of Congress
in front of stakeholders and constituents.
Several years of professional health policy experience, including Hill familiarity,
is required. The ideal candidate will be able to thrive in a fast paced environment;
excel at proactively identifying, prioritizing, and executing strategic opportunities
to influence health policy; work well both independently and collaboratively; and
have a sense of humor.
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter
to ca07jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or drop-ins.

MEM-424-21

Congressman Tony Cárdenas (CA-29) seeks a hard-working Press Assistant to
serve in his San Fernando Valley District office.

Page 1 of 15

Ideal candidate is team-oriented, self-motivated and resourceful. Successful
applicants will have strong writing and communication skills, work quickly under
pressure, be creative, proactive and strategic, work well with others and have a
keen sense of visual and graphic design.
Preferred candidate will have 1+ years of political, Capitol Hill or other
government communications experience. This position reports to the
Communications Director and District Director.
This is a professional staff position that will require work hours beyond the
normal work day and will include work during weekends and holidays. A valid
California Driver License and automobile are required. Bilingual skills are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal benefits.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two writing samples, graphic and
video link by 10-30-2021 to Clarissa.rojas@mail.house.gov.
Applications will be considered on a rolling basis, so applying early is
encouraged.
THIS OFFICE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Women and
minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability,
military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-423-21

Congressman Jimmy Panetta (CA-20) seeks a Legislative Assistant who will be
responsible for his office’s agricultural and environmental policies and lead his
work on the House Agriculture Committee.
Additional work and focus will be on natural resources, energy, emergency and
disaster response, Army Corps of Engineers projects, science, and other issues as
assigned. Potential applicants should have experience with the formulation of the
Farm Bill and know that this is not an entry-level position.
Potential applicants should have experience in formulating legislation and
planning the pathway for the legislation to become law. Other duties will include
drafting talking points, memos, and vote recommendations for committee and
floor proceedings, preparation for hearings, representing the Member before
stakeholders, federal agencies and constituents, travel to the district, and constant
and consistent outreach and involvement with its constituents.
Qualified candidates should have a strong background in legislative affairs and an
understanding of what it takes and a will to work across the aisle to advance
bipartisan initiatives. Potential applicants must have excellent written, verbal,

Page 2 of 15

research, analytical and problem-solving skills, and an ability to manage multiple
assignments simultaneously.
Candidates must be able to perform under pressure and possess a strong work
ethic, a commitment to public service, and an understanding of what it takes to be
a part of a successful team effort.
A knowledge of and connections to the agricultural and environmental sectors,
especially California and its central coast, is preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples of
one page or less and three references with “LEGISLTIVE ASSISTANT” in the
subject line to ca20.jobs@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-422-21

Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley (MA-07) seeks a Press Secretary/Deputy
Press Secretary to work closely with the Communications Director to execute a
fast-paced and dynamic communication plan and help manage day to day
relationships with local and national media.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
•Support implementation of media, public relations, and communications
strategies for the Congresswoman;
•Draft press releases, talking points, speeches, op-eds, newsletters,
questionnaires, and other written materials;
•Compile daily press clips and stay informed about current events in the district
and across the country for their impact on the Congresswoman;
•Manage and catalogue incoming media requests for the Congresswoman and
notify the Communications Director accordingly;
•Maintain various press archives for the Congresswoman;
•Manage logistics for town halls, press conferences, and other public-facing
events, both virtual and in-person;
•Remain abreast of current legislative and non-legislative issues about which the
Congresswoman may be questioned;
•Maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff, and
constituents;
•Work well under pressure, handles stress, and accepts performance-based
criticism and direction;
•Support on administrative functions of the office as needed such as constituent
calls and data entry
•Work flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends, and performs
other duties as assigned.

Page 3 of 15

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Our office prioritizes building a diverse team committed to advocating for the
residents of the Massachusetts 7th. 2-4 years of communications experience is
recommended. As a practice as an office we do not require any pre-requisite
degrees. This is not an entry level position. Ties to Massachusetts preferred, but
not required.
Please expand on how your unique set of experiences suits you to excel in this
role in your cover letter.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
•Strong communications skills, including writing, editing, and proofreading;
•Understanding of print, broadcast, and online media;
•Strong organizational skills, and ability to manage multiple tasks at once;
•Knowledge of current issues and events in which the Congresswoman is
involved;
•Ability to exercise discretion in the representation of the Congresswoman's
position on policy issues;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others, including members of
the press;
WORKING CONDITIONS:
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate; and
•Ability to work in small a workstation without an expectation of privacy.
•At time of posting, partial remote work is advised. COVID-19 precautions and
remote work expectations can be discussed during the interview process.
•This role is based in Washington, D.C. and requires as-needed travel to
Massachusetts.
COMPENSATION:
The salary for the position is $53,000, along with a competitive benefits package
that includes health insurance, dental, federal student loan payments (terms
apply) and 15 weeks of paid FMLA.
HOW TO APPLY:
Please submit your resume, cover letter, 2 writing samples and 3 references
to ma7jobposting@gmail.com with the subject line “Press Secretary / Deputy
Press Secretary”.
MEM-421-21

Congressman John Sarbanes seeks a Legislative Director (LD) to coordinate and
oversee the Member’s legislative agenda, advise the Member on legislative
activities and lead legislative staff.
Qualified candidates will have a strong understanding of the legislative process,
excellent communication and organizational skills and the ability to excel in a
fast-paced, proactive office. Must have 3+ years of Hill experience. Maryland ties
Page 4 of 15

and experience working with the Energy & Commerce Committee are both a
plus.
Interested applicants should e-mail 1) a resume, 2) a cover letter, and 3) two
writing samples to employment@mail.house.gov with the subject “Legislative
Director: LAST NAME” .
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Women, veterans, people of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-416-21

California Democrat and Member on the Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee seeks Legislative Assistant to handle transportation and energy
policy along with a diverse portfolio of issues.
Candidates should have excellent organizational, research, writing, and
communication skills. Duties include identifying and advancing policy proposals,
committee hearing and mark-up preparation, meetings with stakeholders, and
assisting with constituent correspondence.
Successful candidates should possess strong interpersonal skills and a willingness
to work in a team environment. This is not an entry level position -- prior
legislative experience on Capitol Hill and advanced knowledge of transportation
policies is preferred. Office is an equal opportunity employer.
Qualified candidates should send resume, cover letter, and one writing sample
to CADemocratResumes@gmail.com.

MEM-410-21

The House Office of Diversity & Inclusion (ODI) seeks a detail-oriented and
well-organized Operations Manager.
As the Operations Manager, you will be responsible for providing direct
administrative and scheduling support to the Director and the rest of the ODI
Team. As a strong candidate, you will be proactive, have excellent written and
oral communication skills and attention to detail, be able to anticipate problems
and offer solutions, communicate clearly in a fast-paced environment, manage
competing priorities, and work effectively with different teams.
Key Responsibilities
• Responsible for general reception and administrative duties, including but not
limited to answering phones, taking meeting notes, managing supplies/vendors,
and drafting correspondence;
• Provides direct administrative and scheduling support to the Director of ODI;
• Maintains team calendar and coordinates all internal and external
Page 5 of 15

meetings/events;
• Manages the calendars of appointments for the Candidate Services team,
including scheduling intake meetings, resume reviews, and mock interviews;
• Manages the intake and dissemination of requests sent to the ODI team;
• Support the drafting, reviewing, and editing of regular office reports;
• Performs duties with a high level of professionalism while maintaining tact and
confidentiality;
• Effectively utilizes office technology/equipment to keep the office wellorganized and to function smoothly;
• Performs other duties and projects as assigned.
Qualifications:
• Bachelor’s degree and 3 years of experience in an administrative role
• Experience supporting a team in a fast-paced environment and detailed oriented
• Knowledge of technology/office equipment and willingness to learn new
information systems and software; proficiency in the use of computer
applications and in Microsoft 365 applications (e.g., Excel, PowerPoint, Word,
Teams, OneDrive)
Interested candidates should apply by submitting a cover letter and a resume
using this
link: https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/339?c=house
Salary commensurate with experience. The office is an equal opportunity
employer; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, age, religion,
disability, national origin, military status, sexual orientation, or gender identity or
expression. We strongly value the diversity of our employees and encourage
candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.
No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-408-21

Staff Assistant
Moderate West Coast Democrat seeks highly-motivated, well organized, and
detail-oriented Staff Assistant for the Washington, D.C. office. Applicants must
possess excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Responsibilities of position include front office reception, answering phones,
receiving and caring for constituents and guests of the office, setting up and
performing Capitol tours, coordinating the internship program and supervising
interns, monitoring the order and operation of the office space and supplies,
assisting the Member and staff as assigned, and driving the Member to events as
necessary.
Candidates should have an ability to work under pressure, a strong commitment
to public service, and an understanding of what it takes to be a part of a
successful team effort.
Page 6 of 15

A valid driver’s license, daily access to an automobile and a good driving record
are necessities.
Ties to California, central coast, are strongly preferred. Previous Capitol Hill
experience as an intern or staff assistant is also preferred but not necessary.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, one writing sample of
one page or less and two references with “STAFF ASSISTANT” in the subject
line to ca20.jobs@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-400-21

The office of Congressman Frank Pallone seeks a Staff Assistant who will be
responsible for performing a variety of duties central to Washington, D.C. office
operations. The ideal candidate must be detail-oriented, well organized, and
accustomed to a fast-paced work environment.
Candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply by submitting a resume
and cover letter to resume.nj06@mail.house.gov.

MEM-396-21

SUMMARY
The Staff Assistant role performs vital tasks in a Member’s office. Staff
Assistants often provide the first impression of the Member office to constituents
and guests. The ideal candidate has a strong customer service orientation,
organizational skills, and can multitask.
ESSENTAIL JOB FUNCITONS REQUIRED:
•Provides a welcoming environment and positive first impression of the
Member’s office to constituents and visitors.
•Handles all incoming calls with promptness, poise, and professionalism.
•Captures input from constituents on policy matters for the Member office’s
consideration and response.
•Ensures constituent casework is distributed to appropriate district staff in an
efficient manner.
•Ensures U.S. mail is received, recorded, and distributed to the appropriate staff
members.
•Any other tasks and special projects that may be assigned.
REQUIERMENTS:
•Proficient communication skills for verbal and written correspondence
•Ability to work with a team and provide keen attention to detail to support the
needs of multiple staff members and leaders in the office
Page 7 of 15

•Professional demeanor and an upbeat disposition while interacting with visitors,
staff members, and stakeholders in a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment
•Time management skills including the ability to prioritize and track work status
•Some familiarity with constituent service case life cycle
PREFRENCES:
•Bachelor’s degree in government, political science, public policy, or related field
•Ties to the district are strongly preferred
•Prior constituent service or customer relationship management preferred
•A demonstrated interest in public service
Interested candidates should submit a resume to md07resumes@mail.house.gov
MEM-395-21

The Office of Congressional Ethics, an independent, non-partisan investigative
entity within the United States House of Representatives, seeks an experienced
and highly qualified Director of Operations. The Director of Operations reports
to the Staff Director and Chief Counsel. The successful candidate will be
responsible for maintaining the office’s overall efficient operation.
Core Responsibilities:
• Assume lead in maintaining office to include oversight of administrative
operations and office budget;
• Procure and maintain equipment and other resources for the office;
• Monitor all personnel matters and ensure that office policies and procedures are
followed;
• Maintain office accounts and payroll accounts in accordance with the
regulations
of the House;
• Provide administrative support to the OCE staff and the Board of the Office in
the connection with their official duties;
• Support investigative staff with routine case-related tasks; and
• Manage citizen outreach.
Qualifications:
• Extensive office management experience (minimum three years);
• Ability to manage multiple tasks and projects and to work well under pressure;
• Thoroughness and careful attention to detail;
• Strong oral and written communication skills;
• Ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment;
• Proficiency in word processing, development and use of spreadsheets, data
management systems, and other computer skills;
• Proficiency using House budget, payroll, and voucher software;
• Strong organizational, budgeting, correspondence management, and filing
skills; and
• Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful
and professional manner.
Page 8 of 15

Duties:
• Administer office policies and procedures;
• Manage the administrative budget for the office;
• Interface with appropriate House offices regarding payroll and all office
accounts, including travel accounts;
• Maintain all office records and files, including payroll, administrative files and
personnel records;
• Maintain all case files and documents gathered in the course of investigations
by the office;
• Intake information from citizens and organizations concerning investigations by
the office;
• Provide administrative support to Board meetings including scheduling, Board
member travel, materials, and taking and preparing minutes;
• Ensure Board members and staff are up-to-date with personnel and training
requirements and facilitate their completion;
• Manage contracts with consultants and other third parties;
• Make travel arrangements for Board members and staff;
• Responsibility for layout of office furniture, equipment, telephones, and
computers, as well as creating a professional atmosphere in the office;
• Assist with office website maintenance;
• Support investigative staff with data processing and document preparation; and
• Performs other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
• Ability to pass Security Background Investigation to obtain Top Secret
clearance;
• Knowledge of, and experience with, various information and office systems,
including word processing and spreadsheet applications, facsimile machines,
copiers, and phone systems; and,
• Proficiency using House budget, payroll, and voucher software.
Applicant Instructions:
Please send cover letter and resume to OCEJobs@mail.house.gov, addressed to
Omar Ashmawy, Staff Director and Chief Counsel
MEM-394-21

Legislative Assistant – Rep. Tom Suozzi (D-NY), a member of the House
Committee on Ways and Means, seeks a legislative assistant who will be
responsible for handling a diverse array of policy areas including energy, the
environment, transportation, infrastructure, appropriations and other domestic
policy areas as assigned.
Responsibilities will include but are not limited to, drafting and advancing
legislation, hearing preparation, and writing statements. This is not an entry-level
position. Applicants should have prior and relevant legislative experience

Page 9 of 15

working for a Member office or a committee, and a track record of delivering
legislative results.
Candidates must be a team player, organized, dependable, detailed oriented and
have strong oral, written and interpersonal communication skills. Advanced
degrees and ties to NY are a plus.
Interested candidates should submit a cover letter and resume
to ny03.resumes@gmail.com.
MEM-393-21

Florida Democratic House office seeks an organized and motivated self-starter to
serve in the position of Staff Assistant in the Washington, DC office.
Responsibilities include managing front office operations, answering and logging
phone calls, greeting visitors, handling tour and flag requests, maintaining
inventories, providing administrative support to the Member, Chief of Staff, and
Scheduler, and additional duties as needed.
Candidates should have excellent oral and written communication skills, attention
to detail, an ability to work under pressure, and a strong commitment to public
service. Previous Capitol Hill, customer service, or receptionist experience are
strongly preferred.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Women, people of color, and
candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply: Please submit a resume, cover letter, and a 1-page writing sample in a
single PDF document to FL10.resume@mail.house.gov with “DC Staff
Assistant” and your full name in the subject line. No walk ins or phone calls,
please.

MEM-390-21

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR – Congresswoman Teresa Leger
Fernández (NM-03) is seeking an experienced and self-motivated
Communications Director to manage the office’s press and communications
operations in her Washington, D.C. office.
This is not an entry-level position and previous political communications
experience, preferably on Capitol Hill, is required. Candidates must possess
strong writing skills, the ability to operate in a fast-paced office under deadlines,
and be able to work collaboratively with both the DC and district teams.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Managing the day-to-day press operations and outreach
•Handling interview requests
Page 10 of 15

•Proactively pitching to media
•Preparing and staffing the Congresswoman for events and interviews
•Drafting press releases, speeches, newsletters, mailers, talking points, and op-eds
•Developing and seeking out content for the digital/social media program
The Communications Director manages the Staff/Press Assistant. This senior
staff position reports to the Chief of Staff and the Congresswoman and works
closely with the entire senior staff team. Bilingual abilities in English/Spanish are
preferred. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities
and members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. New Mexico ties are a plus.
Interested candidates should email their cover letter and resume in one attachment
to NM03.Resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Communications
Director.” No phone calls or walk-ins please.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
MEM-389-21

Seeking Legislative Counsel for House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime,
Terrorism, and Homeland Security
The House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, and Homeland Security
seeks a hard-working lawyer with experience in criminal law (preferably with the
Federal Criminal Code) to serve as legislative counsel.
Responsibilities include: serving as a resource for Democratic Members of the
Judiciary Committee on matters involving federal criminal law, criminal justice
reform, domestic terrorism, and firearms policy; drafting and reviewing
legislation; coordinating hearings and witnesses; preparing Members for hearings
and markups; drafting statements, memos, and briefing materials; and providing
guidance to other offices within the Democratic Caucus on crime-related matters.
A strong background in criminal law is required, with knowledge of Department
of Justice issues, and criminal justice issues relating to prosecutions. Exceptional
writing skills, sound political judgment, and the ability to work closely and
collaboratively with other congressional offices and advocacy organizations are
essential.
The Committee strives to ensure that our staff represents the diversity of the
country’s population; candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply. The Committee does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex (including marital or parental status, sexual orientation, and
gender identity), disability, age, or national origin.

Page 11 of 15

Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to JDEM.Job@mail.house.gov. Please include “Crime Counsel” in the subject
line.
MEM-387-21

Senior Northeastern House Democrat seeks Press and Digital
Manager/Legislative Correspondent. This role will support all aspects of a
demanding communications operation, with responsibilities including but not
limited to drafting press materials such as releases, background memos, talking
points and op-eds; creating content for paid and organic social media on various
platforms; and maintaining the website.
The press and digital manager/legislative correspondent will also execute the
office’s mail program, with assistance from Legislative Fellows, interns, and the
Staff Assistant.
The ideal candidate will have demonstrated interest and experience in
communications and Democratic politics, proficiency with a variety of graphic
design and video production tools; capability of meeting tight deadlines; strong
written and oral communications skills; and the ability to think creatively and
strategically.
Starting annual salary: $50,000. To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, two
professional writing samples and two digital content samples
to democratic.hilljob@gmail.com. Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer
committed to building and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work
environment. Women, candidates of color, and LGBTQ+ candidates are strongly
encouraged to apply.

MEM-386-21

Staff/Communications Assistant
Congressman Earl Blumenauer is seeking a Staff/Communications Assistant to
serve in his Washington, D.C. Office.
Communications responsibilities include compiling press clips, preparing
graphics, video production, drafting press releases and newsletters, drafting
constituent correspondence, and other communication assignments as directed.
As staff assistant, this person will provide administrative support to the staff,
recruit and manage the office interns, greet visitors and answer phones when the
office reopens, and respond to constituent requests for services including tours
and flags. Additionally, they will assist both the Communications Director and
the Legislative Correspondence Manager with their duties.
The ideal candidate will be enthusiastic about communications work, detailoriented, an excellent writer, and comfortable in a fast-paced environment. Our
office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status.
Page 12 of 15

People of color and people from underrepresented groups are strongly
encouraged to apply, as are candidates with Oregon ties.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, and writing sample
to Resume.Blumenauer@mail.house.gov with “Staff/Communications Assistant”
in the subject line.
MEM-385-21

Congressman Dan Kildee (MI-05) seeks a full-time legislative assistant in
Washington, D.C.
The legislative assistant will be responsible for important issues areas such as
taxes, budget, housing, financial services, and small business, among other issues,
in a fast-paced congressional office for a member of House Democratic
Leadership on the Ways and Means Committee, Budget Committee and Science,
Space and Technology Committee.
Responsibilities are wide-ranging, including drafting bills and amendments,
developing strategic plans to advance legislation through Congress, staffing
committee meetings, interacting with constituents, district stakeholders,
committee/leadership committee staff and federal agencies, and writing policy
briefing memos and talking points.
Candidates must have a self-starting personality, strong written and verbal
communication skills, a desire to continually learn and grow and an eagerness to
work on a team in a collaborative office environment. Previous work or interest
in community development, economic development and municipal finance is a
plus. This is not an entry-level position. A minimum three years of experience is
required. Michigan ties preferred.
Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter and a writing sample
to Michigan05jobs@gmail.com. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-384-21

CA-44 Scheduler | Executive Assistant
Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced scheduler.
Main responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules for both DC and the District; organizing and evaluating all incoming
meeting requests and invitations; keeping the Member on schedule throughout the
day; working with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings; coordinating travel arrangements; processing and
managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member; and communicating
with constituents by phone and email to address requests, concerns, and
questions. Additional responsibilities include other administrative tasks.
Candidates should be highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task,
resourceful, team-oriented, and have a positive attitude.
Page 13 of 15

This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including
some weekend availability as needed.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Applicants should have previous scheduling
experience (at least one year in a similar position). Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Southern California | Los Angeles Metro area ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-379-21

The Office of Congresswoman Marilyn Strickland seeks an Operations
Manager for the Washington DC office.
Responsibilities include working with the Chief of Staff to maintain the
Member’s daily and long-term DC schedule; organizing and evaluating all DCbased meeting requests and invitations; keeping the Member on schedule
throughout the day; and working with legislative and communications staff to
ensure the Member is prepared for events/meetings.
This position will also play an active role in office operations. This staffer will be
the office’s Financial Administrator and manage the day-to-day office finances,
including processing reimbursements, bills, and payroll. The Operations Manager
is the primary point of contact for House support offices and works with IT to
ensure that staff/interns are appropriately set up with technology. The staffer also
co-manages the DC Staff Assistant/Press Assistant and District-based Executive
Assistant, providing guidance on front office operations, the DC internship
program, and district scheduling.
Applicants must be highly organized, proactive, and able to work as part of a
team in a fast-paced environment. The ideal candidate is solutions oriented, has
customer service experience and prior scheduling or office administration
familiarity. This position requires availability outside of regular business hours.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, sex, color, age, religion, disability, national origin, uniformed status,
sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. We strongly value the
diversity of our employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds
to apply.

Page 14 of 15

Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and three references
to WA10Resumes@gmail.com using “Operations Manager” and their name in
the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-163-21

DISTRICT COORDINATOR: The Office of Representative Spanberger seeks
a motivated, creative, self-starter to join the district constituent services staff as a
District Coordinator in the Glen Allen, VA office.
Responsibilities include responding to constituent inquiries, managing constituent
casework with federal agencies, working with the legislative team to address
constituent concerns, and district outreach to include staffing the
Congresswoman, representing the office, listening to district stakeholders, and
updating the community at district events. Additional duties as assigned.
Ideal candidates will be motivated self-starters with strong interpersonal,
customer service, time-management, and organizational skills and have
significant experience interacting with the public.
Additionally, successful candidates will have a positive, solution-driven
personality, demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills, and
show keen attention to detail and an ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced
environment.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “District Coordinator” in the
subject line.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Representative Spanberger’s
office is an equal opportunity employer. The office does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identify, national
origin, age, genetic information, disability, or uniformed service.

Page 15 of 15

