________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 16, 2022

MEM-261-22

SCHEDULER – Congressman Mark Pocan (WI-02), member of both the House
Appropriations and Education & Labor Committees, is seeking a highly
motivated, detail-orientated, and energetic individual with excellent oral and
written communications skills for a scheduler position in the Washington, DC
office.
Daily tasks include managing and maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
DC, state and national schedule; coordinating travel, booking flight reservations,
and managing logistics for events; evaluating and organizing all incoming
meeting and event requests; communicating key information regarding the
Member and the Member’s schedule to staff; and working closely with both DC
and District staff to ensure smooth daily office operations. Candidates must be
available to assist the member outside of regular business hours.
This position requires candidates with proven experience in administrative roles,
knowledge of the Congressional work setting, and comfort working one-on-one
with the Member, Chief of Staff and District Director. Experience drafting
correspondence letters welcomed. Excellent writing, verbal and strong
organizational skills are essential along with the ability to be a self-starter while
working in a fast paced environment. A sense of humor is greatly appreciated.

Page 1 of 29

Previous Capitol Hill or scheduling experience is required; this is not an entry
level position and title could also include “Office Manager” if candidate has
previous experience in that area.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and one writing
sample to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Scheduler” in the Subject Line.
Job opening closes at the end of business on Friday, May 27th. No phone calls,
faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity and expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation.
MEM-260-22

Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03), a member of the House Armed Services
Committee, House Foreign Affairs Committee, and House Small Business
Committee seeks a hard-working Digital Director/Press Assistant to serve in his
Washington, D.C. office.
Previous political communications and/or Capitol Hill experience is required.
Ideal candidates will be team-oriented, self-motivated, empathetic, and
collaborative. Successful applicants will write well and quickly in a fast-paced
environment, understand how to take and edit photos and videos effectively, be
creative with a keen sense of visual and graphic design, demonstrate particular
attention-to-detail, and be capable of building and executing a plan. This staff
position reports to the Communications Director and works closely with the
entire senior staff team. This is not an entry level position.
RESPONSIBILITES
•Work closely with the legislative, outreach, casework, and grants teams to draft
copy, edit, and manage the office’s social media accounts
•Manage the office’s franked digital communications program
•Create weekly social media plans and monthly social media reports
•Create graphics for outgoing social media, newsletters, and mail that effectively
communicates an idea or policy clearly and with visual appeal
•Take and edit photos and videos of the Congressman in Washington D.C. and
the district, coordinate with all staff to manage the photo and video library
•Draft copy for widely read e-newsletters
•Assist with press releases, media advisories, franked mailings, op-eds, and other
responsibilities as assigned
•Monitors social media, media reports, and has an eye for legislative matters and
hot topics about which the Congressman may be asked or interested in
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
•1+ years of political/Capitol Hill communications experience
•2+ years of digital communications experience
•Candidates with ties to New Jersey are strongly encouraged to apply
Page 2 of 29

TO APPLY: Email cover letter, resume, two writing samples, two graphic design
samples, and 2-3 references to NJ03resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject
line “Digital Director/Press Assistant: [NAME].” Please no unsolicited drop-ins,
phone calls, or emails to the office.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: May 20, 2021, at 5PM EST
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
MEM-259-22

Congressman Tom McClintock (CA-04) seeks a Scheduler for his Washington,
D.C. office.
Interested candidates should send resumes and cover letters
to gopwesternjobs1776@gmail.com.
The Scheduler will be expected to work closely with the Chief of Staff to
coordinate the Member’s DC schedule, arrange travel plans, and manage day to
day logistics. Additionally, this role will oversee the office’s intern program.
Job Duties:
•Works with the Member, Chief of Staff, and District Director to determine and
finalize the Member’s daily and long-term schedule.
•Manage all incoming meeting requests and invitations.
•Coordinates all travel arrangements.
•Process/schedule all incoming tour requests.
•Manage the office’s internship program.
Requirements:
•Able to coordinate and manage several scheduling activities with multiple
parties
•Able to manage varying priorities and adapt to rapidly changing situations
impacting the schedule
•Experience handling sensitive information and maintaining confidentiality
•Adaptable and organized with a keen attention to detail
•Strong decision-making skills and comfortable navigating challenging situations
•Works well under pressure

MEM-258-22

Staff Assistant (Oceanside, CA)
OFFICE OF REPRESENTATIVE MIKE LEVIN
REPORTS TO: District Director
SUMMARY:
This position is responsible for managing the front desk and all administrative
Page 3 of 29

duties of the Oceanside office. The staff member in this role interacts regularly
with constituents and responds to correspondence and verbal communications
with constituents. This staff member is located primarily in the Oceanside office
but may be required to travel on occasion to the Dana Point office.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Manages the front desk
*Collaborates with Dana Point and Washington, D.C. Staff Assistants to log all
incoming mail and correspondence
*Tracks office supplies
*Assists with recruiting, interviewing, training, and management of Oceanside
interns
*Oversees production and tracking of certificates and proclamations
*Manages the Congressional App Challenge program and other projects, as
assigned
*Screens phone calls and refers cases, when appropriate, to other district office
*Sorts incoming mail
*Scans and sends invoices to DC office
*Logs all incoming and outgoing mail and incoming telephone calls relating to
casework in IQ
*Maintains records of incoming grants, constituent recognition and thank you
letters
*Prepares material for the Weekly Report
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Congressman, staff, and
constituents
*Performs other duties as assigned
*Takes initiative to identify needs and takes action to complete tasks required
*Knowledge of office policies, practices, and procedures
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Strong oral and written communication skills
*Familiarity with local, state, and federal agencies and departments
*Familiarity with all issues and events in the district in which the Congressman is
involved
*Proficiency with word processing and spreadsheets
*Professional telephone manner
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner
*Ability to perform the essential job functions above
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
*Thoroughness and careful attention to detail
To apply: Please send resume, cover letter, and three professional references
to: CA49.applications@mail.house.gov

Page 4 of 29

This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. We strongly value the diversity of our
employees and encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply,
including women, people of color, and members of the LGBTQIA community.
MEM-257-22

The Office of Congressman Jamaal Bowman (NY-16) seeks a Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent.
We are seeking a highly motivated and hardworking Staff Assistant/Legislative
Correspondent based in our Washington, DC office. This candidate will be
responsible for managing the DC front office, answer phones and track calls,
process flag and tour requests, oversee the internship program, and manage our
high-volume mail program.
This individual will work closely with the legislative team to ensure constituent
letters are completed in a timely manner and handle the Congressman's
correspondence. This individual will also share driving responsibilities with the
Director of Operations and Chief of Staff.
Qualified candidates will have exceptional organizational skills, keen attention to
detail, excellent writing skills, knowledge of the legislative process, ability to
work in a fast-paced environment while managing multiple tasks, and be a selfstarter able to problem-solve. Must have access to a car and drive.
The salary for this position is $55,000. Prior experience with a congressional
office is not necessary. Familiarity with Westchester County/ The Bronx
preferred.
Interested candidates should apply using the airtable form and upload a resume &
cover letter. Any further questions about the role should be directed
to Bowman.Jobs@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Staff Assistant/
Legislative Correspondent”
Our office is an equal opportunity employer and women, people of color,
members of the LGBTQ+ community, and members of other traditionally
underrepresented communities are encouraged to apply.
Early applicants will get priority. Applications close on May 20th, 2022. Please
no drop-offs or phone calls.
***ALL APPLICANTS WILL BE CONFIDENTIAL UNTIL FINAL
ROUND***

Page 5 of 29

MEM-256-22

Legislative Correspondent/Legislative Aide
OFFICE OF CONGRESSMAN SETH MOULTON
SUMMARY: Congressman Seth Moulton (MA-06) is seeking a legislative staffer
to handle both the mail program and a policy portfolio including agriculture, food
security, animal welfare, modernization, and other issues as determined by the
office’s needs and in consultation with the applicant’s interests. This office is an
equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages candidates from diverse
backgrounds to apply.
Responsibilities
•Managing the mail program, responding to thousands of pieces of constituent per
week
•Presenting data-driven biweekly reports on the state of the mail program
•Drafting new letters in the Member’s voice which reflect his policy positions on
emergent topics of interest to our constituents
•Assisting the legislative staff in developing vote recommendations for bills up
for a vote on the House floor
•Finding new legislation for the Member to cosponsor and which aligns with his
values and views
•Drafting letters and original pieces of legislation
•Meeting with constituents and various groups, representing the Member’s views
and communicating his priorities
•Helping, in conjunction with the staff assistant, to manage the interns, providing
both real-time feedback on their work and mentorship
Qualifications
•At least 1 year of Hill experience
•Strong writing capabilities, including the ability to quickly adopt the Member’s
voice
•Ability to accurately represent the Member’s views in meetings with various
groups
•Preferred: Strong mastery of the Google Suite, especially Google Sheets and
Forms
•Preferred: Massachusetts ties
TO APPLY:
Please provide a resume and cover letter to ma06.resumes@mail.house.gov, with
the subject line “LC/LA” by Tuesday, May 24, 2022 at 11:59pm.

MEM-255-22

Congresswoman Doris Matsui (D-CA-06) seeks a Legislative Assistant to focus
on a portfolio of energy, environment, and climate.
This position will handle the Congresswoman’s Energy and Commerce Energy
Subcommittee work and her role as co-chair of the House Sustainable Energy and
Environment Coalition (SEEC) and co-chair of the SEEC Nature and Oceans
Page 6 of 29

Task Force. The portfolio will be focused on natural climate solutions, clean
energy, clean transportation, environmental justice, and energy equity policy; it
will also likely include women’s issues, immigration work, and potentially a few
other issues.
This is not an entry-level position and Hill experience is strongly preferred, but
not required. The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital
status, or parental status. Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority
applicants are strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com. Please use “Energy/Enviro LA” as the subject.
MEM-254-22

Congresswoman Doris Matsui (D-CA-06) seeks a Legislative Assistant to focus
on a portfolio that may include appropriations, housing, education, civil rights,
financial services, foreign affairs, and AmeriCorps among other issues.
Responsibilities will include managing the Member’s existing legislative
initiatives within the portfolio; identifying and developing new areas for
legislative and other action; briefing and staffing the Member for meetings and
events; and other responsibilities as necessary.
This is not an entry-level position. Excellent writing and communication skills,
sound political and policy judgment, and the ability both to work independently
and to collaborate with others in a fast-paced environment is essential.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority applicants are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter, and references in a single PDF
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com. Please use “Appropriations/Housing LA” as
the subject.

MEM-253-22

The District Office Staff Assistant shall be responsible for managing the district
office administrative functions. They shall manage incoming constituent
communications, organize, and maintain correspondence and outreach material
and handle all Congressional greeting requests. The Staff Assistant shall report
directly to the District Director.
Specific duties include but are not limited to:
•Answers and logs incoming phone calls, conducts casework intake, and greets
Page 7 of 29

office visitors
•Manages and tracks all incoming and outgoing mail to include timely
submission of monthly reports
•Manages district written outreach efforts by drafting and preparing certificates
and letters
•Identifies event and correspondence opportunities
•Maintains organized filing system of newsletters, brochures, and reports
•Manages office supply requisitions and inventory lists
•Staffs the Congressman and serves as staff representative for the Congressman at
meetings and events.
•Supervises the District Office intern program to include recruitment, training,
and management
•Assists with planning, organizing, and executing district outreach efforts.
•Plans, organizes, and leads execution of the Congressional Art Competition.
Position Qualifications:
•Bachelor’s degree (B.A.) in Political Science, Public Relations,
Communications, or relevant studies preferred but not required.
•Strong oral and written communication skills
•Highly organized with strict attention to detail
•Congressional Office or similar experience preferred but not required
•Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook, or similar experience preferred
Representative Casten’s Office is an affirmative action/equal opportunity
employer dedicated to building a community of excellence, equity, and diversity.
It welcomes applications from women, underrepresented minorities, individuals
with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual minority groups and other candidates
who will lead and contribute to the diversification and enrichment of ideas and
perspectives.
To apply please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short statement of no more
than 300 words about why you’re a good fit for this role
to Constituent.ServicesIL06@mail.house.gov.
Subject Line: District Staff Assistant
MEM-251-22

Congressman Ritchie Torres: Press Assistant or Press Secretary
Rep. Ritchie Torres (NY-15) is seeking an organized and creative
communications staffer to join a fast-paced team.
Duties will include assisting the Communications Director in developing and
implementing a communications and digital media strategy, working closely with
the District team to amplify local events, media monitoring, maintenance of the
Member’s social media accounts, drafting and posting content for social media,
producing graphics and videos, editing photos and videos, compiling daily press
clips, and assisting with the drafting of press releases and media advisories, enewsletters, franked mailings, op-eds, and other responsibilities as assigned.
Page 8 of 29

Qualified candidates should have graphic design experience, a knowledge of
video editing software, strong writing skills, and a familiarity with social media
management. The position requires attention to detail and strong written and oral
communication skills, as well as the ability to work collaboratively in a fastpaced, team environment. New York ties and Spanish-language skills are strongly
preferred. Title is commensurate with level of experience.
Responsibilities include:
-Assist with management of social media platforms and developing a creative
digital strategy;
-Design graphics and producing videos for social media;
-Generate ideas for press, mass mailings, and newsletters;
-Draft press releases, advisories, talking points, and brief remarks;
-Assist with communications outreach to district stakeholders and Member
offices;
-Oversee press intern(s)
Please send a resume, cover letter, and two writing and one digital sample
to: reptorresjobs@gmail.com “Communications Staffer” in the subject line. Equal
Employment Opportunity Employer.
MEM-246-22

The Congressional LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus seeks a hardworking, organized,
and detail-oriented Press Secretary/Digital Manager.
The Congressional LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus, which is Chaired by Rep. David
Cicilline (RI-01), works to promote equality for all, regardless of sexual
orientation or gender identity, and is committed to achieving the full enjoyment
of human rights for LGBTQ+ people in the U.S. and around the world. The
Equality Caucus serves as a resource to Members of Congress, their staff, and the
public on LGBTQ+ issues at the federal level.
Ideal candidates will be excellent writers, detail-oriented, organized, self-starters,
team players, and able to produce high quality work in a fast-paced environment
under tight deadlines.
Ideal candidates will also have experience working with the press and creating
social media content, including graphics. Experience on Capitol Hill or working
on LGBTQ+ issues is a plus but not required. This is not an entry-level position.
Candidates should have 2-3 years of communications experience. Salary is
commensurate with experience.
The LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The caucus
benefits from a staff that reflects the diversity of the country’s population;
candidates from minority backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. The
caucus does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including

Page 9 of 29

marital or parental status), sexual orientation, gender identity and expression,
disability, age, or national origin.
Responsibilities include:
•Developing communication plans, in coordination with the Executive Director,
to increase the Caucus’ reach in the news and on digital platforms and to
highlight the work of Caucus members;
•Managing the Caucus’ website and social media channels, including updating
the website, drafting Facebook posts, tweets, and Instagram posts, and creating
graphics and videos;
•Creating communication resources for Caucus Member offices, including social
media toolkits, messaging guidance, and talking points;
•Drafting press releases, communicating with the press, and organizing press
conferences;
•Drafting the Caucus’ weekly newsletter;
•Building and maintaining relationships with Caucus Members’ communications
staff;
•Assisting the Executive Director, as needed, with coordinating events and briefs,
membership outreach, tracking LGBTQ+ legislation, and policy work; and
•Other duties as assigned.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Interested candidates should
send a resume, cover letter, and a short writing sample, as a single PDF,
to equality.caucushire@mail.house.gov. Please put “Press Secretary/Digital
Manager – [Your First and Last Name]” in the subject line.
MEM-245-22

Congressman Ted Lieu has an immediate opening for a Caseworker in his Los
Angeles District Office. Primary responsibilities include assisting constituents
with federal casework, assisting the Casework Supervisor with casework
outreach, intake, and processing.
The Caseworker would also attend community events and conduct casework
outreach directly with constituents. Caseworkers meet frequently with
constituents and liaise with federal agencies and help organize outreach events for
the Congressman’s office.
The successful applicant should have experience working on federal casework,
must have a positive attitude and the ability to work and set priorities in a fastpaced and challenging environment. Strong writing and verbal communications
skills are essential. At least one year of experience working for an elected official
or community-based organization is strongly preferred. A valid California Driver
License and automobile are required. Bilingual skills are a plus.
The position is full-time with federal benefits. Congressman Lieu’s primary
district office is located in
West Los Angeles. This office is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Page 10 of 29

If interested, please send a resume, cover letter, and two short writing samples no
later than May 20, 2022 to:
NICOLAS RODRIQUEZ
District Director
Congressman Ted Lieu (CA-33) 1645 Corinth Avenue, Suite #101 Los Angeles,
CA 90025
Lieu.Staff@mail.house.gov
MEM-244-22

Staff Assistant
Representative Spanberger seeks a Staff Assistant for her Washington, D.C.
office. Qualified applicants should be motivated self-starters, highly organized,
detail-oriented, able to multitask, have exceptional interpersonal skills, and ability
to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Candidates must demonstrate excellent “people skills,” most importantly
displaying compassion in all interactions, and a strong commitment to providing
outstanding constituent service.
The ideal candidate should: be able to think on their feet, be a problem-solver,
demonstrate excellent oral and written skills, maintain a positive demeanor, and
demonstrate resilience in a busy environment.
Primary responsibilities include: managing the front office, including answering,
appropriately logging, and directing telephone calls; greeting visitors; monitoring
office deliveries; distributing hard and electronic mail; and other administrative
duties. The Staff Assistant will also serve as the office tour coordinator and will
be responsible for managing constituent requests for Capitol and White House
tours, as well as constituent requests for flags flown over the Capitol.
Representative Spanberger’s office is an equal opportunity employer. The office
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual
orientation, gender identify, national origin, age, genetic information, disability,
or uniformed service.
Please submit a resume, cover letter, 1-page writing sample, and two references
to spanberger.inquiries@mail.house.gov with “DC Staff Assistant” in the subject
line. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Annual salary for this
position is $50,000.

MEM-242-22

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) seeks a Legislative Assistant with Hill
experience. This is not an entry level position. Excellent written and oral
communication skills required. Advanced degree a plus.

Page 11 of 29

Send resume, brief writing sample, and three references
to DoggettJobs@mail.house.gov. Use this title on your email: “Legislative
Assistant Application”
No drop-ins or calls please.
MEM-241-22

Press Assistant/Deputy Press Secretary:
Position Summary:
The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs seeks a Press
Assistant/Deputy Press Secretary to work closely with the Communications
Director to implement the Committee Communications Strategy.
They will lead the drafting of press materials, monitor media and issues relevant
to the Committee, primarily handle press inquiries and media relationships, and
largely be responsible for day-to-day press operations. On occasion, and in
consultation with the Communications Director or Senior Staff, they will serve as
the on-the-record spokesperson.
In an effort to build a diverse and more inclusive work environment, the
committee strongly encourages veterans, minorities, women, people with
disabilities, and LGBTQ+ candidates to apply.
Title and salary negotiable depending on experience. Starting salary is $55K.
All candidates are required to complete an Online Application
via https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScLDNEck7GezSWFthWkageU
5X4EG9JmGIaxSTeJfOhLDt4BZw/viewform to be considered. There you can
upload your resume, cover letter, and writing sample.
Essential Job Functions:
•Lead the development of talking points, remarks, statements, press releases,
advisories, and caucus messaging guides
•Lead the coordination, preparation, and execution of media interviews, speaking
engagements, and press conferences
•Monitor and track media appearances, manage media relationships, and work
with policy subject matter experts to identify opportunities for media engagement
•Assist with rapid response efforts
•Assist Committee Member offices with any press related needs
•Hire, manage, and supervise press interns
•Staff Chairman at press events
Minimum Qualifications:
•3+ years’ experience working in communications or related field
•Excellent written and verbal communications skills
•Willing to execute day-to-day tasks and work successfully within a team
Page 12 of 29

•Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, prioritize tasks, and adapt quickly
and easily for rapid response
Exceptionally Qualified Candidates will have:
•On-the-record press experience
•Demonstrated understanding of or familiarity with veterans’ issues
•Capitol Hill experience
MEM-240-22

Senior Democratic House Member seeks a mid-level Legislative Assistant for
his Washington D.C. office. Hill experience in a legislative role or comparable
experience is required.
The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for handling a broad range of
domestic policy issues, including the member’s Science and Technology
Committee work. The Legislative Assistant will be responsible for drafting and
monitoring legislation, preparing materials for committee hearings and markups,
representing the Member in meetings/briefings, working with constituent
organizations, and performing other tasks as assigned.
The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of the legislative process,
excellent writing and communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to work
effectively in a fast-paced office. Press and communications experience is also a
plus, but not required.
Candidates should send a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples
to legislativeposition2022@gmail.com

MEM-237-22

The office of Congressman Jake Auchincloss (D, MA-04) is seeking a Digital
Director / Press Secretary to work closely with the Communications Director to
elevate the Member’s communications operation and strategically run a social
media program.
Duties will include staffing the Member at open press events in the District and
DC and working closely with the District team to amplify local events, media
monitoring, maintenance of the Member’s social media accounts, drafting and
posting content for social media, producing graphics and videos, editing photos
and videos, maintaining the website, compiling daily press clips, and assisting
with the drafting of press releases and media advisories, e-newsletters, franked
mailings, opeds, and other responsibilities as assigned.
The ideal candidate will be organized, detail-oriented, tech-savvy, able to work
long hours in a fast-paced environment, have superior writing and proofreading
skills, and the ability to work closely and collaborate with Senior Staff both in the
District and in DC.
Requirements include previous experience building audiences online and
maintaining social media accounts, excellent writing skills, ability to work well
Page 13 of 29

on a team, experience in principal management, and experience meeting tight
deadlines under pressure.
This position will require work outside standard office hours and can be based in
either Washington, DC or Massachusetts with regular travel required. Previous
congressional or campaign experience and photography/videography/graphic
design skills are strongly preferred.
Please indicate in the application if you have on-the-record experience.
Congressman Auchincloss’ office is an equal opportunity employer. Title and
salary are competitive and negotiable based on previous experience.
The office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information,
disability, or uniformed service.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, and 1-2 writing
samples or sample graphics/videos or tweets to AuchinclossJobs@gmail.com.
MEM-236-22

LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT – Congressman Mark Pocan (WI-02), member of
both the House Appropriations and Education & Labor Committees, is seeking an
experienced and enthusiastic Legislative Assistant. Ideal candidate will have 2-3
years of Hill experience, a good understanding of House procedures, an
understanding of developing and tracking legislative initiatives and political
awareness. This is not an entry level position.
Excellent writing, verbal and organizational skills are essential along with the
ability to be a self-starter while working in a fast paced environment. Job
responsibilities will include drafting legislation, writing hearing statements,
legislative memos, constituent correspondence and preparing briefing materials.
A sense of humor is greatly appreciated.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume and two writing
samples to WI02JobOpening@gmail.com with “Legislative Assistant” in the
Subject Line. Job opening closes at the end of business on Friday, May 20th. No
phone calls, faxes or drop-ins please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, military status, gender
identity and expression, marital status, parental status, or sexual orientation.

MEM-234-22

TITLE: Research Assistant, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, House
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Republican Staff
REPORTS TO: Republican Staff Director, Subcommittee on Economic
Opportunity
Page 14 of 29

CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Provides administrative, legislative, and research support to Subcommittee staff,
and assists with other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
•Bachelor of Arts or Science;
•Work, internship, or other experience in a professional environment;
•Strong writing skills;
•Proficiency in Microsoft Office;
•Organizational skills;
•Problem solving skills;
•Strong verbal communication;
•Team oriented;
•Ability to work well under pressure; and,
•Strong attention to detail.
DUTIES:
•Answering the telephone and responding to caller inquiries;
•Reviewing incoming mail and preparation of correspondence;
•Maintaining Subcommittee archive, activities report, and relevant publications;
•Assisting with Subcommittee hearings and full Committee hearings on matters
within Subcommittee jurisdiction;
•Maintaining the Subcommittee’s outstanding deliverable requests made to the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA);
•Determining and tracking the status of pending legislation;
•Participating in staff-level negotiations, to include knowledge of background
information on legislation being considered;
•Assisting Subcommittee staff in organization of, and preparation for, hearings, to
include determination of Minority agenda, preparation of research and hearing
briefing memo, and development of questions;
•Conducting meetings with VA, veteran service organizations or other scheduled
parties;
•Briefing subcommittee Members’ staff;
•Drafting remarks for Ranking Member and suggested questions for hearings;
•Preparing memorandums for the full Committee and Subcommittee Ranking
Members on matters under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee;
•Research preparation of hearings by reviewing previous hearing transcripts,
relevant statutes, and VA policy; and,
•Responsible for all other duties assigned by the full Committee Ranking
Member, Staff Director, or Deputy Staff Director; and assist other Committee
staff, as needed.
How to Apply:
Qualified candidates please send résumés and cover letter only to the following email address: VAR.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “EO Republican Research
Assistant” in the subject line. No calls or walk-ins, please.
Page 15 of 29

MEM-232-22

The Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis in the U.S. House of
Representatives conducts investigations to ensure the nation’s response to the
coronavirus crisis is efficient, effective, and equitable.
Chairman James E. Clyburn seeks to fill a Counsel or Professional Staff
position on the Majority staff. The ideal candidate will be an attorney or policy
professional with several years of investigative or litigation experience. Recent
law school graduates with relevant professional experience prior to attending law
school may be considered on a case-by-case basis.
Responsibilities include leading investigations, conducting depositions and
transcribed interviews, preparing for hearings, and drafting reports.
Candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to
apply. Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under
pressure, be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral
communication skills.
Please send a resume and cover letter to SSCCJobs@mail.house.gov, with
“Counsel / Professional Staff” in the subject line.

MEM-231-22

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an
energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very
active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
In addition, constituent services staff also help with neighborhood events.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while making sure
agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds to
constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to work independently and think outside the
box about various constituent issues and community events. Prior community or
casework experience is helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.

Page 16 of 29

Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.
This position is open until filled. Salary: based on skill and experience level.
MEM-230-22

SUMMARY:
The Office of Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. is seeking a Chief of Staff
to act as the Member's chief policy advisor.
This position develops and implements all policy objectives, strategies and
operating plans for the Member's offices and manages and directs all activities
and staff of the Member's Washington D.C. and district office(s), as well as
coordinates the activities of the Member with Leadership and committee
office(s).
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
*Supervisory: Directly supervises up to eighteen full time employees and up to
four part-time and temporary employees; carries out responsibilities in
accordance with office policy and applicable laws. Responsibilities include
interviewing, hiring and training employees; planning, assigning and directing
work; appraising performances; rewarding and disciplining employees;
addressing complaints; and resolving problems;
*Manages the Washington, D.C. and district office staffs;
*Sets and oversees the administration of office goals, policies and procedures and
has oversight responsibility for all personnel matters including hiring, salary, and
disciplinary decisions;
*Manages long-term legislative plan of the Member;
*Coordinates and supervises the efforts of all employees including the press and
constituent service staffs;
*Conducts staff meetings;
*Approves strategies and tactics on legislative issues;
*Acts as the Member's principal liaison and responds to office visits and
telephone inquiries from constituents and various interest groups;
*Maintains a good working relationship with the Member, staff, constituents,
stakeholders, and other political offices;
*Speaks to local and national groups, as well as the press, when the Member is
unavailable;
*Oversees the office budget;
*Accepts performance-based criticism and direction;
*Works well under pressure and handles stress;
*Meets attendance requirements as established by the office;
*Works a flexible schedule including long hours, nights and weekends; and
*Performs other duties as assigned by the Member.

Page 17 of 29

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
A minimum of a bachelor’s degree in political science or related field, including
strong academic credentials is preferred. Alternatively, five years of related
experience or training in management and/or legislation or equivalent experience.
SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:
*Thorough knowledge of legislative process and of House organization and
procedures;
*Thorough knowledge of local, state and federal agencies and departments;
*Thorough knowledge of the Members' Congressional Handbook and House
Rules;
*An understanding of the district and federal political process;
*Provides necessary organization, supervisory leadership, and motivation to
manage a House office;
*Ability to perform essential job functions above;
*Ability to maintain a good working relationship with the Congresswoman, staff
and constituents;
*Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
*Temperament to communicate with a variety of personalities in a tactful,
pleasant, and professional manner;
*Excellent oral and written communication skills;
*Knowledge of the office policies, practices, and procedures;
*Knowledge of office computer applications; and
*Proficiency in word processing.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
*Work is mainly performed in an office environment. Noise levels are usually
moderate; and;
*Ability to work in a small workstation without an expectation of privacy.
Qualified applicants should send a cover letter and resume, along with three
references to nc12.resume@mail.house.gov. Please use CHIEF OF STAFF in the
subject line when submitting your materials. The office is an equal opportunity
employer.
MEM-229-22

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an
experienced scheduler.
Main responsibilities include maintaining the Member’s daily and long-term
schedules for both DC and the District; organizing and evaluating all incoming
meeting requests and invitations; keeping the Member on schedule throughout the
day; working with legislative and communications staff to ensure the Member is
prepared for events/meetings; coordinating travel arrangements; processing and
managing expenses and reimbursements for the Member; and communicating
with constituents by phone and email to address requests, concerns, and
questions.
Page 18 of 29

Additional responsibilities include other administrative tasks.
Candidates should be highly organized, detail-oriented and able to multi-task,
resourceful, team-oriented, and have a positive attitude.
This position requires availability outside of regular business hours including
some weekend availability as needed.
This is NOT an entry-level position. Applicants should have previous scheduling
experience (at least one year in a similar position). Salary is commensurate with
experience.
Southern California | Los Angeles Metro area ties and Spanish fluency are a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and three references with
“SCHEDULER” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-228-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a talented and highly
motivated individual to assume the role of Press Secretary|Digital Director.
The person chosen for the position will work closely with the Communications
Director to develop and execute the Congresswoman’s long-term
communications plan. They will be charged with overseeing the communications
schedule, managing the Member’s digital media accounts, and working with local
and national reporters.
The Press Secretary|Digital Director will be responsible for a wide range of
critical functions, including developing original social media content, designing
graphics, editing and posting videos, maintaining the office’s website, and
managing media lists. Additionally, they will assist the Communications Director
with drafting news releases, advisories, talking points, op-eds and other materials.
Qualified applicants must have strong writing, editing, proofreading skills and be
proficient in photography, video recording and editing. They must be detailoriented, news savvy and able to work in a fast-paced, demanding work setting -a sense of humor and ability to be a team player is a must.
Spanish fluency preferred.

Page 19 of 29

This is not an entry-level position. Previous experience in press or relevant social
media experience is required. Experience with Adobe Creative Cloud Products
are a plus. Southern California|Los Angeles ties are a plus.
Successful applicants will need to demonstrate their writing ability by completing
a writing and editing test.
To apply, please send a resume, cover letter including salary requirements, and
two writing samples with “Press Secretary” in the subject line
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-227-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly talented and
motivated individual to serve as a Legislative Assistant|CHC Liaison in
Washington, DC House office - with the primary responsibilities of handling the
Member’s immigration, foreign affairs, military, and criminal justice, Homeland
Security Committee work, and serve as Member’s liaison to the Congressional
Hispanic Caucus (CHC).
Candidates must have a proven record of proposing legislation, developing
amendments, and leading on letters.
Primary responsibilities include:
•Drafting legislation and amendments and advancing them through various
legislative vehicles;
•Preparing hearing binders and questions for witnesses for Homeland Security
Committee hearings;
•Drafting talking points, vote recommendations and other materials;
•Monitoring and analyzing legislative developments, committee proceedings,
news stories and other relevant info; and
•Representing the Member in meetings with constituents and stakeholders.
Candidates must have an ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines in a
fast-paced work environment. Strong organizational and time management skills,
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a keen attention to detail
are required.
Spanish language skills preferred. Southern California ties a plus.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume and two references with
“Legislative Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.

Page 20 of 29

The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-226-22

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a Field
Representative for her District Office in San Pedro, CA.
Candidate should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, have
the proper demeanor and a comfort in dealing directly with constituents to resolve
challenging requests, highly organized, and the ability to manage multiple tasks
and competing deadlines simultaneously.
Responsibilities for this community focused position include: answer and log
incoming phone calls, conducts casework intake, and work on casework through
completion; identify event and correspondence opportunities in their geographic
and issue areas; staff the Congresswoman and serves as staff representative for
the Congresswoman at community meetings and events; lead or assist with
planning, organizing, and executing district outreach efforts in their geographic
and issue areas; identifying issues related to federal programs for possible
legislation and|or letters; managing correspondence and acknowledgements from
the office; meeting with constituent and community leaders and developing
relationships and networks in their geographic and issue areas; working with
community groups and organizations, local elected officials, and others in the
District to identify potential opportunities for federal funding; and serving as a
liaison with federal, state, and local agencies, and committees.
Knowledge of communities within California’s 44th District and Spanish fluency
preferred. A car and good driving record required.
Candidates must also be able to work a flexible schedule, including some nights
and weekends as required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“CA44 Field Rep” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.

MEM-225-22

Congresswoman Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) is seeking a District Staff
Assistant for her District Office in San Pedro, CA.
The District Staff Assistant greets visitors, answers the telephone, supervises the
district internship program, and responds to constituent requests for general
Page 21 of 29

information and other inquiries. This position maintains the front office and
assists district office staff with various administrative duties while maintaining an
external agenda that interacts frequently with constituents. The position will also
support aspects of the Office’s outreach function.
The District Staff Assistant will also be integrated into the Congresswoman’s
scheduling team to assist in the various aspects of District Scheduling.
Candidate should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills,
strong interpersonal skills, have the proper demeanor and a comfort in dealing
directly with constituents to resolve challenging requests, highly organized, the
ability to manage multiple tasks and competing deadlines simultaneously, and
able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Familiarity with communities in California’s 44th District. Spanish fluency and a
car (with good driving record) preferred.
Candidates must also be able to work a flexible schedule, including some nights
and weekends as required.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and three references with
“CA44 Staff Assistant” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-224-22

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.

Page 22 of 29

They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
•Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
•Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
•Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
•Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-221-22

Congresswoman Gwen Moore (WI-04) is seeking a Digital/Press Assistant.
Congresswoman Moore is a member of the Ways and Means Committee,
Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and the Select Committee on
Economic Disparity and Fairness in Growth, and her office is looking to expand
its communications team and digital outreach.
The Digital/Press Assistant position will collaborate in a supportive team. This
position reports to the Chief of Staff and the Communications Director. Their
responsibilities will include drafting newsletters, creating digital content for
social media platforms, such as videos and graphics, and assisting with press
events and media interviews.

Page 23 of 29

A strong candidate will be creative, a self-starter, and adaptable in a fast-paced
environment. Great writing skills, experience in graphic design, and a strong
work ethic are essential for this position. Wisconsin ties are a plus.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing samples,
and an example of previous digital media or graphic design projects
to WI04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Digital/Press Assistant” in the subject
line. No phone calls, faxes, or drop-ins please.
MEM-217-22

Constituent Liaison: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks a bilingual
English/Spanish speaker who is an energetic, organized, creative, self-starter to
join the District Office of her very active and visible constituent services staff.
Constituent Services staff assists the Member in responding to constituent issues
and problems with federal agencies, staying on top of everyday events in the
Member’s district, and keeping the community connected to the Member’s work.
Importantly, constituent services staff also assist with neighborhood events and
visits community groups in the district.
Candidate must be able to work with patience and skill in resolving the problems
of constituents and in handling multiple tasks and issues effectively while making
sure federal agencies respond in a timely manner and assuring our office responds
promptly to constituent requests and concerns while meeting deadlines.
A successful candidate will be able to communicate fluently in Spanish and
English, work independently, and think outside the box about various constituent
issues and community events. Prior community or casework experience is
helpful.
The ideal candidate will have significant experience interacting with the public,
excellent writing and communication skills and a working knowledge or strong
interest in the District of Columbia and its local government. Candidate must
possess a bachelor’s degree and be, or be willing to become, a resident of the
District of Columbia.
Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, two writing samples and
references to: dc00.nortonresume@mail.house.gov.

MEM-216-22

Policy Aide
House Small Business Committee Democrats seeks a policy aide to assist senior
staff on wide ranging policy issues, including, tax, health, retirement, agriculture,
procurement, technology, and other issues.
Core responsibilities include researching, drafting memos, and questions to
support senior staff, drafting reports, assisting in the drafting of legislation, and
Page 24 of 29

other assignments. Exceptional writing and analytical skills are a must. Prior Hill
or federal agency experience is preferred.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages candidates from
diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please send cover letter and resume to hsbcdems@gmail.com with the position
name in the subject line.
MEM-213-22

Congressman David Trone (MD06) is seeking a Wounded Warrior Fellow for his
District Office.
This position is limited to veterans desiring to serve a two-year paid ongressional
Fellowship as part of the House of Representatives Wounded Warrior Fellowship
Program.
Selected Fellows will work directly for Congressman Trone as part of his District
Office staff, located in once of his District Offices. (Gaithersburg, Frederick,
Hagerstown, or Cumberland, MD)
Conditions of Employment:
ALL CANDIDATES MUST BE:
1) Honorably discharged
2) Released from active duty within the last six years.
3) Pay grades at or below E-5/O-3/W-2 4. Veterans promoted to pay grades of E6/O-4/W-3 WITHIN 6-MONTHS OF SEPARATION from active duty are
eligible.
Qualifications:
Detail oriented; excellent organization skills; excellent communication skills;
strong computer skills; ability to complete projects within timelines and under
minimal supervision. Ability to work well under pressure and maintain a
professional and courteous work disposition; ability to exercise discretion and
independent judgment in handling sensitive information; ability to manage
multiple tasks simultaneously. High School Diploma required. Some college
level classes are preferred but not required.
Primary Responsibilities:
●Serve as the official representative for the Member in the Veterans community.
●Act as liaison with federal, district, and local government agencies, political
officials, and other community organizations in the Veterans community to form
effective relationships for the Member.
●Monitor and update the Member and District Director on issues facing military
members and veterans in the district.
●Provide direct casework assistance to military members and veterans in a timely
and efficient manner; proactively follow up on all open cases until a resolution is
Page 25 of 29

reached.
●Assess veterans issues that constituents are facing for problems requiring
possible legislative action; make recommendations to the District and Legislative
Directors.
●Answer casework correspondence and verbal communications with
constituents.
To apply, please go to the following link to submit your application:
https://house.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home/requisition/478?c=house&source
=USAJobs.
No phone calls or walk-ins.
MEM-208-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks an experienced
Communications Director based in the DC office to develop and execute the
Congressman’s communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and
Means, Armed Services, and Budget committees.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to Congressman Horsford and will supervise the work of
junior communications staff. They will be responsible for executing an
aggressive communications plan that generates positive local and national media
coverage, reaches diverse communities, and expands the Congressman’s reach to
new audiences.
Responsibilities include but is not limited to:
•Working with Congressman Horsford, the Chief of Staff, the Deputy Chief of
Staff, and the District Director to develop strategic messaging priorities.
•Managing all day-to-day external communications from the office, including
press releases, remarks, floor speeches, interview memos, newsletters, op-eds,
and social media.
•Proactively identifying opportunities to expand Congressman Horsford’s local
and national media profile and working closely with the Congressional Black
Caucus, the House Labor Caucus, and other affiliated caucuses on shared
priorities.
•Pitching stories to local and national press and planning press conferences, press
calls, and other press events.
•Developing a strategic plan and budget for all communications programs.
•Designing and implementing a creative digital communications program,
including both paid advertising and organic social media. The Communications
Director will also be responsible for keeping the Congressman’s website up-todate.
•Overseeing franked communications and a robust 499 program.

Page 26 of 29

This is not an entry-level position, and candidates must have previous press
experience on or off Capitol Hill. Strong oral and written communications skills
are required. Prior experience managing franked communications is a plus.
The ideal candidate must be collaborative, creative, energetic, detail-oriented,
able to multi-task, politically astute, and willing to work long hours in a fastpaced and demanding setting.
Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.
Experience with video editing and graphic design is also a plus and Nevada ties a
plus.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, three writing samples, and three
professional references to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Communications
Director” in the subject line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.
MEM-149-22

Staff Assistant: Senior Democratic Member of Congress seeks an energetic,
organized, creative, self-starter to join the District Office of her very active and
visible constituent services staff.
The staff assistant is responsible for coordinating mail and casework distribution;
answering the phones; and preparing letters of greetings, condolences and
congratulations on behalf of the Member. Responsibilities may also include
casework assignments if the District Director finds that the staff assistant can take
on such work while paying the required attention to his/her already assigned
tasks. The staff assistant also serves as intern coordinator by recruiting, training,
scheduling and assigning duties.
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor’s degree, significant experience
interacting with the public, excellent writing, and communication skills.
Candidate must be a resident of the District of Columbia or willing to move
immediately to D.C., if hired.
Applications accepted until filled. Salary is based on skill and experience level.
Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter, references and two
writing samples to: DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov

MEM-069-22

The Office of Congressman Steven Horsford (D-NV-04) seeks a Press Media
Secretary based in the DC office to work closely with the Communications
Director, based in the district office to develop and execute the Congressman’s

Page 27 of 29

communications strategy as a member of the House Ways and Means, Armed
Services, and Budget committees.
The Press Media Secretary must be and stay up to date with the latest digital,
technical, and social media trends. Able to express the Congressman's voice
creatively and promote social media presence, ensuring high web traffic and
constituent engagement.
Applicants must be creative, detail-oriented, and comfortable working long hours
and producing high-quality work under tight deadlines. This position serves as a
part of the Communications team and reports directly to the Director of
Communications based in the district, however, this person will be the main point
of contact in the D.C. office.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to
• Acts as a formal spokesperson and media liaison for the Member;
• Managing the Congressman’s social media platforms, developing a weekly
content calendar, and drafting rapid response content during breaking news
moments.
• Maintaining the Congressman’s website and drafting new website content
covering key policy issues.
• Preparing daily press clip summaries and monitoring the Congressman’s media
mentions.
• Writing a weekly newsletter, creating digital ads, and participating in other
efforts to keep constituents of Nevada’s Fourth District informed about the work
of a busy Congressional office.
• Helping to plan and staff communications-focused events for the Congressman,
both in-district and in Washington D.C.
• Writing short-form speeches and video scripts and preparing video clips of the
Congressman for public distribution.
• Building relationships with allies and online influencers to amplify
Congressman Horsford’s digital message and expand his online reach.
• Perform all other duties as required
The candidate will report to the Communications Director and work closely with
legislative and district staff. The ideal candidate will have experience in or
interest in learning about aspects of the office’s traditional press operations,
including writing press releases, drafting talking points and speeches, forming
relationships with members of the media, and pitching stories.
This is an ideal position for someone with 1-2 years of communications or digital
experience. Applicants must be passionate about public service, well-organized,
and have the ability to work on weekends and holidays when necessary.
Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog, or other
languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply.

Page 28 of 29

Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities and
members of other underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to
apply. Individuals who can fluently read and write Spanish, Mandarin, Tagalog,
or other languages beside English are strongly encouraged to apply. Experience
with video editing and graphic design is also a plus. Nevada ties are a plus, but
not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Candidates should submit a cover letter,
resume, three writing samples, and three professional references
to NV04Resume@mail.house.gov with “Press/Media Secretary” in the subject
line. All submissions must be in a single PDF file.

Page 29 of 29

