House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
Longworth HOB - B-227 (CAO First Call Customer Service Center) or
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102.
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of June 13, 2017

MEM-168-17

Pacific Northwest Democrat seeks a Scheduler/Executive Assistant for his
Washington, D.C. office. Responsibilities included managing and maintaining
the Member’s daily and long-term calendar both in the district and in D.C.,
working with a variety of stakeholders to balance the Member’s time between
commitments, ensure the Member is provided with briefing materials for each
event and meeting, driving the member to events, and performing other duties
as required. Capitol Hill and/or executive assistant experience preferred. A
driver’s license is required. PNW ties are a plus.
The ideal candidate would be detail-oriented, able to juggle multiple tasks at
once, have excellent interpersonal skills, be a problem solver, and understand
the logistics of travel among various time zones. Position can involve long
hours and availability by phone on weekends and evenings.
Interested candidates should email a cover letter and resume to
Heck.Resumes@mail.house.gov. No drop-ins or phone calls.

MEM-167-17

Staff Assistant
Page 1 of 7

•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•

Greets and has signed in all visitors in the Bridgeport office and, as
requested by the DD, in the Stamford office;
Answers telephones and routes incoming calls to appropriate staff and, if
staff not readily available, ensures that full and accurate messages (date,
time, name, email and telephone, brief issue description) are taken and
emailed to appropriate staff;
Opens, sorts, and date stamps all regular mail received in either the
Bridgeport or Stamford office, routing to appropriate DC / district staff;
Collects and logs, as necessary, constituent contact and membership lists –
e.g., Chamber of Commerce, service organizations, etc;
Logs and responds to incoming mail, when necessary and appropriate;
As appropriate, prepares large mailings;
[Prepares initial responses and privacy releases to constituent inquries; ]
Prepares and mails Eagle Scout commendations/letters;
Prepares initial letters of recognition and Certificates of Recognition for
community leaders and award recipients, in consultation with the DD;
Drives Member, as necessary, to events and meetings in District, including,
but not limited to those occurring in the evenings and on weekends;
In consultation with the DD, oversees office management and troubleshoots
issues and concerns with telephone and internet service providers, office
equipment (e.g., telephones, computers, printers, faxes, copiers), cleaning
services, security and other office management relationships;
Assists staff, when necessary, with general office duties – filing, copying,
etc;
In consultation with the DD, purchase office supplies and prepares vouchers
for payment to vendors;
All other duties as assigned by the DD or the Chief of Staff.

REQUIREMENTS:
• Personable, friendly and ability and desire to work with a diverse group of
people in a small, fast-paced environment;
• High degree of professionalism, sound judgment and tact in addressing
incoming calls and visitors;
• Strong organizational skills and attention to detail
• Strong technical skills and knowledge of databases, word processing and
spreadsheets
• Strong work ethic and sense of responsibility
• Owns vehicle (preferred)
• Ability and willingness to work long hours, nights and weekends
Interested applicants please email resume and writing sample to

ct04jobs@outlook.com.
Page 2 of 7

MEM-166-17

Representative Tim Walz (MN-01) seeks a Staff Assistant to join his
Washington, DC staff. The Staff Assistant will be responsible for managing
the front office, receiving visitors and telephone calls, supervising interns,
completing flag and tour requests, and performing other administrative,
legislative, and communications tasks as required. Successful candidates will
demonstrate an understanding and adherence to the servant-leader model; a
high degree of professionalism; strong writing, organizational, and
interpersonal skills; an ability to take initiative in a dynamic, fast-paced
environment; and a positive, collegial attitude. Capitol Hill experience and
Minnesota ties are not required, but they are preferred. Interested candidates
should send a resume, cover letter, writing sample, and three professional
references to Walz.Resumes@mail.house.gov. Representative Walz is an
equal opportunity employer.

MEM-165-17

Northern California House Democrat seeks an experienced self-starter to join the
communications team in a fast-paced and collaborative office. Working in
conjunction with senior staff including the Constituent Outreach Director,
Legislative Director, and Chief of Staff, the Press Secretary will oversee day-to-day
press operations in D.C. and in the district. This includes writing press releases, opeds, speeches, talking points, identifying media opportunities, and pitching both local
and national press. Applicants need Hill or political experience, excellent writing
skills, social media proficiency, and the ability to work on deadline. The ideal
candidate has experience working in high pressure environments, California ties, a
good sense of humor, and on-the-record experience. Qualified applicants should send
a resume, cover letter, and two writing samples to ca07jobs@gmail.com. Please
include Press Secretary in the email subject line.

MEM-163-17

Senior Democrat is seeking a highly energetic, motivated and organized
lawyer with strong writing, legal and interpersonal skills. The ideal candidate
will be able to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure and after
a year, may be promoted to legislative counsel. The Legislative Assistant
works with the Chief Counsel/Legislative Director and with the Chief of Staff
to develop and implement the Member’s legislative strategy in his/her issue
areas; prepares materials for hearings; prepare legislation, amendments, and
congressional record statements; and conducts research. Responsibilities
include managing and handling issues that include but are not limited to
Federal Workforce, U.S. Postal Service, Federal-District of Columbia issues,
and Labor policy. The ability to write well under tight deadlines is essential.
Candidate must be able to handle multiple tasks and issues effectively while
meeting deadlines. A successful candidate will be a results-oriented, problem
solving lawyer and motivated self-starter who can think outside the box. Prior
Hill, law firm or similar experience is preferred but not always required.
Candidate must possess a law degree and be, or be willing to become, a
resident of the District of Columbia. Salary based on skill and experience
level.

Page 3 of 7

Interested applicants should send a cover letter, resume, references and two
writing samples to DC00.NortonResume@mail.house.gov.
MEM-162-17

Northeastern Republican seeks experienced scheduler for active
Congressional office. Responsibilities include preparing Congressman’s
weekly and long term DC and state schedules; responding to all incoming
scheduling requests, invitations, and other scheduling related inquiries in a
timely, reliable and professional manner; coordinating closely with
appropriate staff to ensure they are notified as needed regarding upcoming
meetings and events. Individual will work closely with Chief of Staff to
ensure smooth coordination of Congressman’s scheduling requirements.
Position requires ability to excel under pressure, manage multiple tasks, and
work well with others. Prior Congressional Scheduling experience is
REQUIRED.
To apply, send resume and two references to gopjobopening@gmail.com.

MEM-161-17

Ways and Means Committee Republican is seeking a Legislative Assistant to
handle a legislative portfolio with an emphasis on trade, energy, defense,
foreign affairs, and transportation issues. Duties include, but are not limited
to monitoring floor, committee, and regulatory activity; conducting meetings
with constituents and stakeholders; developing legislation; and advising the
Congressman and senior staff. Applicants must have policy experience and
strong writing, organizational, and project management skills.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, and writing sample
to: goppolicyjob@gmail.com.

MEM-159-17

Midwestern Republican on the Energy & Commerce Committee is looking
for a legislative assistant to handle healthcare policy. The successful
applicant will have excellent writing and communications skills, the ability to
build and maintain relationships both on and off the Hill, able to identify
legislative initiatives to lead on, and comfortable operating in a fast-paced
team environment. To apply, please e-mail your resume and cover letter to:
Midwestern.Republican@mail.house.gov.

MEM-157-17

The office of Congressman Brendan F. Boyle is seeking a highly motivated
and creative individual for the position of Communications Assistant.
Successful applicant will work closely with the Communications Director and
with the Member.
Candidates must possess strong writing skills, expertise in graphic design,
proficiency in social media platforms and metrics, the ability to operate in a
fast-paced office under strict deadlines, and a capacity to work collaboratively
with both DC and district staff.
Page 4 of 7

Responsibilities include: drafting press releases, speechwriting, preparing
talking points, creating, writing and developing social media strategies,
creating graphics and editing video. The right candidate will also be proficient
in Adobe Photoshop (or similar photo editing program), Adobe Illustrator (or
similar graphic creation program) and non-linear video editing.
Qualified candidates should submit a cover letter, resume, two writing
samples, and graphic portfolio to PA13.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
“Communications Assistant" in the Subject Line. No phone calls, faxes or
drop-ins please.
MEM-156-17

Southern California Democrat is seeking an experienced Communications
Director. Candidate will be responsible for planning and executing a
proactive and aggressive media and community outreach strategy. Candidates
should have a minimum of 2 years of political communications experience
and have excellent writing skills, be creative, energetic, and able to work well
in a fast-paced collaborative environment. Applicants need prior on-therecord experience, a strong history of drafting all forms of communications
materials—especially op-eds and long form speeches—and an ability to
respond to challenging situations quickly and strategically. Candidates should
have a track-record of successfully pitching both national and local media
entities. Responsibilities include serving as spokesperson, drafting press
releases and advisories, op-eds, and talking points, and managing social
media platforms. California ties and knowledge of CA media and political
landscape a plus. Spanish-speaking preferred. This is not an entry-level
position. Qualified applicants should submit a resume, cover letter, and
appropriate writing samples to: southerncalijobs@gmail.com.

MEM-153-17

Midwestern Democratic House Member is seeking a Scheduler for the
Washington, D.C. office. Primary responsibilities will include: receiving,
evaluating and organizing incoming requests and invitations; coordinating the
Member’s briefing materials; greeting the communicating key information
regarding the Member’s schedule to staff; and ensuring proper advance work
is done for Member’s appearances and events. The Scheduler will work
closely with senior staff. A successful candidate will be a self-starter, detailoriented, with a shown a history of sound professional judgment and problem
solving capabilities. Must have ability to multitask and balance workload in a
dynamic, fast-paced environment. The ideal candidate will have strong
teamwork skills and the ability to work with various personalities and
styles. Qualified applicants should have previous Scheduling and/or
Executive Assistant experience, preferably on Capitol Hill. Please e-mail a
cover letter and resume to Walz.Resumes@mail.house.gov.

MEM-152-17

The Office of Congressman Al Green (D-TX) seeks a Legislative Assistant
to manage a diverse portfolio of issue areas including transportation, veterans
affairs, healthcare and homeland security. Candidates should have strong
communication, research, and writing skills. We are looking for a proactive,
Page 5 of 7

detail-oriented staffer with a collaborative working style. To apply, please
email a cover letter, resume, writing sample and a list of references to
TXResumeInbox@mail.house.gov. Prior legislative experience on Capitol
Hill and Houston ties are preferred. This is not an entry-level position.
MEM-151-17

Southern Republican House Member seeking a Hill experienced staff
member to maintain the Member’s schedule, arrange travel plans, and
coordinate the administrative responsibilities of the office. This position will
serve as a direct liaison between the visitors to the office and the member
and/or staff.
Please send a resume, cover letter, and salary history to
ushousestaffjob@gmail.com.

MEM-149-17

Congresswoman Gabbard is seeking a dynamic, passionate Military
Legislative Assistant or Senior National Security/Foreign Policy Advisor to
support her work on the House Armed Services Committee and House
Foreign Affairs Committee. This position’s portfolio will include Veterans
Affairs, Homeland Security, and Intelligence. Responsibilities include
preparing and staffing the Member for committee hearings, managing the
day-to-day development of Member requests for the National Defense
Authorization Act, working closely with the Member on legislative strategy,
researching and advising the Member on bills and other issues, and
representing the Member in meetings and events.
We are seeking someone to join our fun, team-oriented, hard-working office.
The successful candidate will possess a can-do attitude and will be solutions
oriented. He or she will also be an independent worker, a self-starter and will
possess the capacity to produce high quality work on short deadlines. He or
she will also have a demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with
colleagues and superiors in a dynamic work environment. Veteran
applications are encouraged. Ideal candidates should have House Armed
Services Committee experience, Hill experience, or both. Hawaii ties and an
active security clearance is a plus.
To submit your application, please email a resume, cover letter, and two short
writing samples with the subject line “Military legislative assistant”
to hi02jobs@gmail.com. Please no calls or walk-ins.

MEM-145-17

The Office of Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) is seeking a bright, creative, and
self-motivated legislative assistant focused on economics to join our
Washington, DC-based policy team.
The legislative assistant will draft legislation, analyze bills, and meet with
constituents concerning policy matters, among other duties. He or she will be

Page 6 of 7

expected to handle a diverse portfolio of policy issues, including budget and
appropriations, commerce, defense, housing, social welfare, and taxation.
The successful applicant will be a libertarian or classical liberal in the
tradition of F.A. Hayek, Henry Hazlitt, and Frédéric Bastiat. He or she must
demonstrate a strong commitment to individual liberty, economic freedom,
the Rule of Law, and the Constitution.
The person also must be an excellent writer and clear thinker willing to take
on the most serious impediments to a freer, more prosperous America. An
individual who prefers staid and steady work or who avoids challenges (and
the occasional failure) may be more comfortable elsewhere.
Applicants must have a BA or equivalent. A degree in economics or at least
two years of relevant policy experience is preferred, although Hill experience
is not required.
To apply, please send a résumé, cover letter, and two writing samples to
mi03.apply@gmail.com. Please include "legislative assistant applicant" in the
subject line. No walk-in applicants or phone interviews.
This job opportunity was first posted late last year, but no interviews were
conducted. Previous applicants still interested in this opportunity should
resubmit their materials, as previous submissions will not be considered.

MEM-123-17

The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal
investigative body for the U.S. House of Representatives, and Ranking
Member Elijah Cummings seeks to fill a Counsel position on the Democratic
staff. The ideal candidate will be a junior attorney (less than five years of
experience) with a background or strong interest in environmental matters,
including investigations, hearings, depositions, and briefings. Candidates with
diverse backgrounds and experiences are strongly encouraged to apply.
Candidates must have superior attention to detail, work well under pressure,
be self-motivated, and possess excellent written and oral communication
skills. Please send a resume and cover letter to
oversightjobs@mail.house.gov, with “Counsel” in the subject line.

Page 7 of 7

