________________________________________________________________________
House Vacancy Announcement and Placement Service (HVAPS)
B-235 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
202-226-5836
Vacancy Bulletins are available for pick-up in
in the CAO Human Resources Office - Ford HOB 102
To Subscribe or Unsubscribe to the Vacancy Listserv visit:
http://www.house.gov/content/jobs/
Job Line: 202-226-4504

_____________________________________________________________________________
MEMBER AND COMMITTEE VACANCY LISTING
Week of May 15, 2023

MEM-271-23

Southern California Democratic Office seeks Staff Assistant to join front office
team. MUST have a reliable and safe vehicle and driving record.
Candidates should be well-organized, hard-working, and detail-oriented. High
degree of professionalism required, as well as an ability to work a flexible
schedule, including long hours. Duties include answering telephone calls,
greeting visitors, supervising interns, assisting legislative staff, and driving the
Member in DC. Capitol Hill experience and California ties preferred. Spanish
language skills a plus. Starting salary of $45,000, plus student loan repayment,
and standard House benefits (healthcare, pension, TSP, etc.).
Email cover letter, resume, and references in one PDF document
to Ryan.Viessman@mail.house.gov with subject heading “Staff Assistant
Position”. Please no walk-ins or phone calls.

MEM-270-23

The House Democratic Caucus is seeking a full-time, exempt Deputy Director
of Operations for our Washington, DC office. The ideal candidate is highlyorganized, has experience supervising and mentoring staff, can juggle multiple
projects and can be a strong team player. They also will display strong attention
to detail, sound judgment, and discretion in all tasks. Irregular working hours and
physical tasks are often required.

Page 1 of 20

The Deputy Director of Operations supervises a team of Caucus Assistants and
interns and helps to plan and execute Member-level events, including the weekly
House Democratic Caucus meeting, the yearly Democratic Issues Conference,
and other events and receptions. They also oversee Caucus Services for
Members, including room reservations and the equipment rental library,
coordinate the intern program, coordinate closely with other teams in the office
and perform other projects as assigned by the Director of Operations, Executive
Director, and Chief of Staff.
This position reports to the Director of Operations and Executive Director. The
salary range is $70,000 - $85,000 per year, depending on experience. This is not
an entry-level position.
The House Democratic Caucus is an equal opportunity employer; we do not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or
expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, parental status, marital
status, sexual orientation, or any other factor or basis prohibited by applicable
federal law. Applicants with disabilities who require a reasonable accommodation
to participate in the application or hiring processes are encouraged to request an
accommodation at any time during those processes. All House Democratic
Caucus employees and interns, other than those who are accommodated due to a
legal exemption, will be required to provide proof of vaccination as compliance
with this policy as a mandatory condition of employment.
Interested applicants should submit an application using the link below and send
a resume and cover letter to DemCaucusResume@mail.house.gov before EOD on
Friday, May 26, 2023. The subject line should be in the following format "First
Name Last Name - Deputy Director of Operations" and each document should be
a separate PDF attachment in the email.
Application
Link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScVAp0F9MBNF2s7w7iH_n
N8W_Fmve_TtgS5_nJiMQEscVSyAA/viewform?usp=sf_link
MEM-269-23

The House Committee on Education and the Workforce - Democratic Staff seeks
an experienced and motivated Press Secretary.
The candidate will have strong writing skills, a keen attention to detail, and the
ability to translate complex issues and topics for different audiences across
platforms and medias. Responsibilities include developing and honing a proactive
local press strategy; pitching, prepping, and staffing the Ranking Member;
drafting press releases and written content; assist with creating talking points and
toolkits for the caucus; maintaining and updating the press list; tracking media;
and working with the Communications team to identify new ways to engage with
press and digital audiences.

Page 2 of 20

This is not an entry level position. Capitol Hill and/or campaign experience is
preferred. Ability to work well with others, willingness to take initiative, manage
competing priorities, and turn around high-quality products under tight deadlines
are a must. To apply, applicants must submit a cover letter, resume, two work
samples, and three professional references to E&L.Jobs@mail.house.gov with
"Press Secretary" in the subject line.
Please apply no later than May 19, 2023. The office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or sexual orientation. Candidates
of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
MEM-267-23

Congresswoman Andrea Salinas (OR-06) seeks a Legislative Director based in
her Washington, DC office. She is a freshman member in a battleground district
who serves on the House Agriculture Committee, the House Science, Space, and
Technology Committee, and the Congressional Executive Commission on China.
She also serves in leadership for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the
Democratic Women’s Caucus and is a member of the New Democrat Coalition
and the Congressional Progressive Caucus.
The Legislative Director oversees the development of policy positions and
legislative initiatives and supervises the office's legislative staff. This position
also meets with constituents and stakeholders on behalf of the Member and serves
as the primary contact for legislative issues with caucuses and committees. The
Legislative Director will advise the Member on all legislative areas.
Other responsibilities include managing a legislative portfolio; monitoring
legislative activity on the House floor and overseeing long-term and short-term
legislative planning for the Member; supervising the mail program and working
closely with the Legislative Correspondent and legislative team to build a letter
library and facilitate constituent correspondence; managing the progression of
bills with which the Member is involved as they move from Committee to the
floor; recommending strategies and tactics on bills and positions and overseeing
the Community Project Funding process.
Qualifications include strong oral and written communication skills, thorough
knowledge of the legislative process and of House organization and procedures,
knowledge of local, state, and federal agencies and departments, an understanding
of all issues and events in the district in which the Member is involved, political
acumen, and the ability to manage and lead a team. We are also looking for a
team player who is committed to fostering a positive work environment. Previous
Hill experience is required. Candidates with health care and/or agricultural policy
and knowledge of or ties to Oregon is a plus.
This is not an entry-level position and previous legislative experience on Capitol
Hill is required Salary range for this position is $100,000 to $110,000 + benefits.

Page 3 of 20

This office is an equal opportunity employer and as such is committed to building
and maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. All qualified
candidates are encouraged
to apply.
Please email a cover letter, resume, and two writing samples
to OR06resumes@mail.house.gov with subject line: Legislative Director. This
position will be open until filled.
MEM-266-23

STAFF ASSISTANT – New Jersey Congressman Bill Pascrell, Jr. seeks an
organized Staff Assistant for his Paterson, New Jersey, district office to handle
general reception duties, conduct constituent services, and drive the Congressman
to and from events, meetings, and other engagements.
The Staff Assistant can also expect to represent the congressman at community
events. Candidates should be motivated self-starters with excellent oral and
written communication skills. Applicants must have a valid driver’s license. This
entry-level position is a tremendous opportunity to learn the ins-and-outs of the
United States Congress, collaborate with professionals and elected officials and
navigate the unparalleled Garden State political realm.
To apply, please send a resume and cover letter via email
to NJ09position@mail.house.gov with “Staff Assistant” in the subject line. We
will consider applications until the position is filled.
The position is full time with federal benefits, including student loan repayment
program (if eligible). The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity and expression, national origin, age, disability, military status, marital or
parental status.

MEM-265-23

Congressman Jared Huffman (CD2) seeks a highly organized District Staff
Assistant/Caseworker for his San Rafael District Office.
Duties include:
•Greet and screen visitors, answer and screen telephone calls for the
Congressman and district office staff members, taking messages when
appropriate;
•Assist with processing of constituent mail and franked mail;
•Assist with federal casework as needed;
•Participate in select outreach efforts such as town halls and stakeholder
roundtables;
•Provide assistance in preparing congressional certificates of recognition and
other correspondence as needed;
•Maintain accurate and complete files on all assigned casework matters;
•Monitor, screen, and refer cases, when appropriate, to other government entities;
Page 4 of 20

•Respond to constituent requests for information;
•Assist with administrative and clerical duties involved with managing the front
office; and
•Additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and abilities.
A successful candidate will be highly organized and detail oriented; possess
strong writing skills; and have experience working in a fast-paced office with the
ability to maintain a professional, flexible, and positive demeanor while
simultaneously managing competing tasks and projects. This position requires
flexible hours and availability on nights and weekends.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please send cover letter, resume and three references
to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the subject line “CA02 Staff Assistant/
Caseworker.”
MEM-264-23

Congressman Jared Huffman (CA-02) seeks a highly organized District
Scheduling and Operations Manager for his San Rafael District Office.
Responsibilities include:
• Serving as the office's primary point of contact for constituents, elected
officials, and nonprofit and advocacy organizations seeking meetings in the
district;
• Coordinating the Member’s California schedule by making travel and meeting
arrangements while anticipating and responding to day-to-day developments;
• Coordinating with staff (including field, legislative, and press) to identify
schedule priorities;
• Working directly with the District Director and Member on scheduling logistics
across six counties and DC;
• Determining and deploying technologies to streamline office operations and
maximize data management;
• Assisting the DC office and District Director on maintaining financial and
expense records, office supplies and various administrative duties;
• Coordinating constituent requests for congressional recognition, including
certificates, congressional record statements, and letters of support; and
• Additional responsibilities commensurate with skills and abilities.
A successful candidate will be highly organized and detail oriented; possess
strong writing skills; and have experience working in a fast-paced office with the
ability to maintain a professional, flexible, and positive demeanor while
simultaneously managing competing tasks and projects. This position requires
flexible hours and availability on nights and weekends.
Page 5 of 20

This is not an entry-level position. Ideal candidates will have significant previous
experience working in administrative support roles. This position is part of the
senior staff team and is critical to the office’s operations. Salary is commensurate
with experience. In addition, the office offers federal student loan reimbursement
and other federal benefits to employees.
The office is an equal opportunity employer; we do not discriminate on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity or
expression, or sexual orientation. Candidates of diverse backgrounds are strongly
encouraged to apply.
Please send cover letter and resume to CA02.Requests@mail.house.gov with the
subject line “CA02 District Operations Manager.”
MEM-263-23

CONSTITUENT ADVOCATE
Congressman Andy Kim (NJ-03), representing nearly all of Burlington and parts
of Mercer and Monmouth Counties seeks a dedicated, compassionate, and teamoriented Constituent Advocate to serve in one of our New Jersey offices
(Willingboro, Hamilton, or Freehold).
The Constituent Advocate is a caseworker on behalf of the Congressman that acts
as a public-facing constituent services representative and as a liaison to various
federal, state, and local agencies. The Constituent Advocate assesses problems
and finds solutions in a professional manner and screens and refers cases, as
appropriate.
Ideal candidates will have experience managing casework, be exceptionally wellorganized and attentive to detail, be able to adhere to established casework
processes, have strong oral and written communication skills, excel at time
management and prioritization, and be able to maintain good working
relationships with the Congressman, staff, and constituents. An even
temperament, ability to deal effectively with a wide range of personalities, and
creative problem-solving skills are essential.
Congressman Kim is the Ranking Member of the House Armed Services Military
Personnel Subcommittee, and a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee
and the Select Committee on Strategic Competition between the United States
and the Chinese Communist Party.
RESPONSIBILITIES
•Interact with constituents via phone, email and in person
•Establish, follow through, and complete constituent casework
•Keep accurate and complete case notes and alerts at all times
•Interact with assigned federal agencies
•Interact with local, county and state offices to make and accept referrals
Page 6 of 20

•Establish efficient processes to handle common issues and problems
•Cross-train and accept changing areas of focus as needed
•Build and maintain relationships with constituents, community leaders and
organizations on behalf of the Member
•Monitor and update the Member and Senior Staff of important trends or issues in
need of escalation
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE
•Casework or other high volume, high touch work
•Time spent in a customer service role
•Work with federal, state or local government
•Experience with Indigov or another constituent resource management program is
a plus
•Candidates with ties to NJ03 are strongly encouraged to apply
TO APPLY: Email cover letter, resume and 2-3 references
to NJ03resumes@mail.house.gov with the subject line “Constituent Advocate:
[NAME]”. Please no unsolicited drop-ins, phone calls, or emails to the office.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: May 26, 2023 at 5PM EST
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. People of all identity groups are encouraged to apply.
MEM-261-23

Rep. Ferguson (GA-03) seeks a Legislative Assistant
The Legislative Assistant will cover a portfolio including but not limited to
Budget, Education, Financial Services, and Telecommunications.
Responsibilities include drafting legislation and official letters, working with
internal and external stakeholders to advance bills, monitoring legislation within
assigned portfolio, meeting with constituents and stakeholders on issues,
monitoring the House Floor and advising on votes, providing thoughtful analysis
of legislation, and other duties as assigned.
The ideal candidate should have at least 3 years of experience in a Congressional
office, and a thorough understanding of the Budget process as the candidate will
be staffing the Congressman on the Budget Committee. The candidate must be
highly motivated, organized, responsive, and able to work well within a team in a
collaborative environment. Georgia ties are a plus but not required.
Applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to GA03Jobs@gmail.com

Page 7 of 20

MEM-259-23

The office of a conservative, mid-western Member of Congress seeks a
Communications Assistant to work in the DC office and help develop and
execute an effective communications strategy.
The ideal candidate is:
•innovative, confident, and detail-oriented,
•a strong and effective verbal and written communicator,
•capable of consistently producing high-quality work product,
•able to effectively communicate with a variety of audiences using social media
and other platforms,
•willing to work long hours, including some time on weekends, and under tight
deadlines,
•able to react to unanticipated circumstances requiring fast and effective
response,
•interested in political and government topics and news from a variety of sources,
•committed to contributing to a team dynamic based on respect, collaboration,
and transparency.
Job responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•compiling and distributing daily press clips,
•producing content for social media and the official website,
•writing speeches, opinion editorials, talking points, press releases, and similar
content,
•preparing the Member for media opportunities and public appearances,
•photographing events, hearings, and other public functions,
•research to support communications activities,
•monitoring national, state, and local news for stories relevant for the office,
•assisting with all other communications-related tasks that are necessary to
execute a communications strategy.
This position is for someone early in their career with one to four years of
experience working in a professional setting with at least some exposure to
communications-related work.
Applicants must complete a writing sample as part of the interview process.
Interested applicants should email CommsApplicants@gmail.com with:
•a cover letter,
•resume,
•at least three professional references, and
•any relevant work samples (e.g. - writing, video, creative)

MEM-258-23

The Office of Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (CA-51) is looking for a creative,
efficient, and detail-oriented Digital Assistant for the Washington, D.C. office.
The Digital Assistant will be responsible for executing digital strategies under the
guidance of the Communications Director. The ideal candidate will be a strong

Page 8 of 20

writer and a digital native with an eye for detail and a passion for innovative
digital engagement.
This is not a 9-5 job; some nights and weekends will be required. California ties
are helpful; good judgment and common sense are a must.
Digital Content: Applicants should be proficient in graphic design and video
editing. This person will be responsible for proactively creating graphics, videos,
GIFs, and other digital content that is compelling, engaging, on-brand, and errorfree. The Digital Assistant will also regularly take photos of the Congresswoman
at events and in meetings. In addition to managing a long-term strategic digital
content calendar, they will be expected to create content for rollouts and rapid
response opportunities. This includes clipping, captioning, and posting committee
remarks, floor speeches, and interviews.
Social Media: The Digital Assistant will manage the Congresswoman’s social
media platforms – including Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram – in addition to
the website. This individual will be expected to proactively draft content in the
voice of the Congresswoman each day in addition to quickly responding to news
articles, Capitol Hill developments, and other rapid response moments.
Applicants should have a passion for breaking down policy, current events, and
news. They will also need to track social media requests from the legislative and
district teams.
TO APPLY, please send a résumé, cover letter, video sample, graphic sample,
and short writing sample to SaraJacobs.Resumes@mail.house.gov with “Digital
Assistant – NAME” in the subject line.
Our office is an equal-opportunity employer. Women, people of color, LGBTQ+
individuals, new Americans, people with disabilities, and members of other
underrepresented communities are strongly encouraged to apply. Applications
will be accepted and reviewed on a rolling basis.
MEM-257-23

The House Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic Staff (minority)
seeks an enthusiastic, motivated, and highly organized staff assistant for fastpaced committee office.
Responsibilities include tasks associated with a front office such as receptionist
duties, answering phones, greeting visitors, ensuring the office is kept in order,
supporting staff in preparations for committee events such as hearings, markups,
meetings, and events, delivering documents and obtaining signatures on letters,
training and supervising interns, handling and sorting incoming mail, maintaining
both digital and paper records and files, maintaining office supplies and
mastering basic equipment operations, assisting other staff with research, work
product, web content, special projects, and other duties as assigned.

Page 9 of 20

Qualified applicants must possess excellent written and oral communication
skills, attention to detail, professionalism, exceptional time management skills,
and an ability to work collaboratively. All applicants will be considered without
regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including marital or parental
status), gender identity, disability, or age. Hill experience preferred but not
required.
Please submit a cover letter, resume, and a short writing sample
to ecdjobs@mail.house.gov
MEM-256-23

District Scheduler
U.S. Representative Jill Tokuda
Hawaii’s Second Congressional District
District Scheduler Job Listing
Congresswoman Jill Tokuda (HI-02) seeks a District Scheduler for her Honolulu
office. This position will work closely with and report to the District Chief in
Hawaiʻi and Scheduler in Washington, D.C., and will provide assistance with
building and scheduling district operations for the member as well as assisting
with administrative functions in the district office. This position requires
consistent and effective collaboration with all components of the member’s
office.
Primary duties include, but are not limited to:
•Building the member’s daily and long-term schedule for Hawaii and managing
this system;
•Responding to all incoming scheduling requests for Hawaii;
•Booking and coordinating travel within Hawaii;
•Ensuring the member, staff, and external stakeholders have key information
about the schedule;
•Compiling daily briefing materials for the member from staff and other sources
and delivering an electronic and hard copy of these materials to the member;
•Managing fiscal matters for the district office;
•Providing administrative support as needed, including but not limited to
answering phones and constituent calls, processing mail, and preparing
correspondence;
•Supporting the team with special events and ad hoc projects; and
•Other duties as assigned.
Salary will be commensurate with experience. This office is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex (including marital or
parental status), color, age,
religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.

Page 10 of 20

Interested candidates must submit an application
to kendra.oishi@mail.house.gov by May 22, 2023. Candidates should submit a
cover letter, resume, and references.
MEM-253-23

Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent
Senior California Democrat seeks an organized and detail-oriented Staff
Assistant/Legislative Correspondent for the Washington, D.C. office.
Responsibilities of the position include front office reception, answering phones,
coordinating and conducting Capitol tours, managing the internship program, as
well as answering constituent correspondence and supporting the office’s
legislative team.
Applicants should be able to keep track of multiple projects simultaneously, work
in a fast-paced environment, and have strong writing skills.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status. Veterans, women, LGBTQ+ persons, and minority applicants are
strongly encouraged to apply.
To apply, please send a resume, references, and a cover letter in a single pdf
to seniordemresumes@gmail.com

MEM-252-23

A senior House Republican on the Energy & Commerce Committee seeks a
Press Secretary/Digital Director that is eager to join a robust communications
operation. This is not an entry-level position – at least one year of relevant
communications experience is required. Familiarity or existing contacts with
conservative media outlets is a plus. This position will serve as the main press
staffer for the Washington, D.C. office and will work closely with the
Communications Director and subcommittee staff. Job duties include but are not
limited to:
Required
•Video filming and editing skills
•Excellent research skills and writing ability
•Ability to create graphics and social media branding
Duties
•Successfully pitch and book the Member on national tv and radio
•Develop and assist with press releases, talking points, op-eds, and other
materials
•Grow and manage a national press list
•Assist with maintaining office’s website and social media accounts
•Create and edit videos and graphics
Page 11 of 20

•Monitor the Congressman’s presence and interactions on social media.
•Take photos/video at events
•Compile daily clips
•Taking a lead role in interacting with subcommittee communications team
Please submit your resume to Midwestern.Job@mail.house.gov with “Press
Secretary/Digital Director” in the subject line.
MEM-250-23

Congresswoman Rosa L. DeLauro (CT-03) is hiring a full-time Staff Assistant in
her Washington, DC office.
The staff assistant will work closely with the chief of staff and the scheduler, and
responsibilities include managing the front office; driving the Member;
processing incoming mail, phone calls, and constituent requests including tours
and flags; managing the intern program; greeting visitors; providing
administrative support for the office including support for events; and other
duties assisting the staff and Member as assigned.
Applicants should be detail-oriented, proactive, able to exercise discretion, eager
to work in a fast-paced office, and willing to work flexible hours when the
Member is in DC. Strong communication, logistical, interpersonal, and
organizational skills are essential. Access to personal car preferred, although not
required. This role provides a unique entry level opportunity to work closely with
a senior Member of Congress.
Please send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and two references
to CT03jobs@gmail.com with subject line “Staff Assistant Application.” No calls
or walk-ins, please.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and encourages all qualified
candidates to apply. Connecticut ties are a plus. This office requires all staff and
interns to complete a full SARS-CoV2 vaccination course, regardless of recovery
from prior coronavirus illness, as a condition of employment.

MEM-247-23

Congresswoman Kim Schrier seeks Veterans Constituent Services
Representative for her Issaquah office.
This position acts as a liaison for constituents to federal, district, and local
agencies to provide assistance and help resolve issues on behalf of Veterans and
active-duty service members. Responsibilities include meeting with constituents
and answering casework correspondence, continually screening active cases to
ensure they are handled in a responsive manner, maintaining up-to-date files on
all cases, and providing periodic updates to the District Director on pending
cases. Additional responsibilities include stakeholder engagement, event planning
and staffing, and administrative support for office operations—greeting visitors,
telephone calls and logging incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Page 12 of 20

Prior experience or training in casework, social work, customer service, or
working for elected officials is preferred. Candidates should demonstrate a strong
commitment to public service; ability to work as a part of a dynamic team;
creative problem solving; excellent oral and written communication skills;
thoroughness and careful attention to detail; ability to exercise discretion and
independent judgment; ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others
in a fast-paced office; and basic knowledge of federal agencies and the political
process.
Knowledge of the Eighth Congressional District is desired. Military experience or
ties to the Veteran community is desired but not a requirement. Proficiency in a
second language is a plus. This office is an equal opportunity employer and does
not discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, national
origin, age, disability, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation. The
salary range for this position is $50-60k.
To be considered, please submit a cover letter, a writing sample, and resume with
references to WA08Resumes@gmail.com with “Constituent Services
Representative” in the subject line. No phone calls or drop-ins, please.
MEM-246-23

Senior Texas Republican seeks to fill the role of Staff Assistant in the
Washington D.C. office.
Primary duties include greeting visitors, managing the front office and interns,
processing flag and tour requests, and assisting the Member and staff with
various projects as needed. The ideal candidate will be able to multi-task
efficiently, be able to work in a fast-paced environment, and be detail-oriented
with strong organizational and communication skills. Texas ties and a car are
preferred.
Please email a resume, cover letter, and a list of references
to TX.JobListing@mail.house.gov.

MEM-242-23

Democratic Congressman seeks a Staff Assistant/Press Assistant. Staff
Assistant responsibilities include: answering phones and greeting visitors,
assisting with tour and flag requests, helping manage the interns, sorting/batching
correspondence, drafting letters and providing administrative and legislative
support as needed.
Press Assistant responsibilities include: compiling press clips,
drafting/monitoring social media posts, designing graphics and web content, and
other press duties as assigned. Applicants must have strong writing skills and be a
detail oriented team player. Maryland ties and knowledge of IQ or similar
programs are a plus.
Interested applicants should e-mail 1) a resume, 2) a cover letter and 3) two brief
Page 13 of 20

writing samples to employment@mail.house.gov with the subject “Staff
Assistant/Press Assistant: LAST NAME.”
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status or
parental status. Women, veterans, people of color and LGBTQ+ candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
MEM-241-23

Senior House Democrat seeks an experienced Communications Director or
Press Secretary to serve in its Washington, D.C. office.
Successful candidates will have impeccable writing skills, a close eye to detail,
fluency with social media platforms and digital tools, the ability to manage
several, simultaneous projects in a fast-paced environment and experience
working closely with national and local press.
Responsibilities include developing communications and outreach strategies,
writing press releases, statements and media advisories, creating and managing
social media content including graphics and videos, drafting talking points and
op-eds, and creating franked communications, including mailers and telephone
townhalls. This is not an entry-level position.
This office is an equal opportunity employer committed to building and
maintaining an inclusive and diverse work environment. Diverse candidates are
strongly encouraged to apply.
Qualified individuals should submit a resume, cover letter and writing portfolio
to employment@mail.house.gov. No calls or walk-ins please.

MEM-238-23

Communications Director – The Office of Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01)
is seeking a Communications Director.
The ideal candidate is an excellent writer/manager with previous experience
pitching and working with press and media. The Communications Director will
oversee the two-person communications team and will work closely with
legislative staff to communicate the Member’s policy priorities in a timely,
efficient, and relevant manner.
Primary job functions include drafting press releases and Member statements,
pitching op-eds to local and national outlets, pitching the member for local and
national radio, TV, and podcast opportunities, creating timely talking points for
the member and staff, managing the communications budget, and overseeing the
overall communications and messaging strategy for Congressman Wittman.
Additionally, the ideal candidate should have previous experience on the Hill, in
politics, and with policy.
Page 14 of 20

Interested applicants should email a resume
to sarah.newsome@mail.house.gov with “Communications Director” in the
subject line.
MEM-237-23

Rep. Frederica Wilson, Ranking Member of the Higher Education and Workforce
Development Subcommittee seeks a senior legislative assistant.
Summary:
•The senior legislative assistant will assist the Member in her role as the Ranking
Member of the Higher Education and Workforce Development Subcommittee.
Their policy portfolio will include education, labor, healthcare, and other issues.
Essential Job Functions:
•Preparing the Member for committee hearings, markups, briefings, stakeholder
meetings, and other engagements;
•Developing and drafting bills, amendments, letters, policy statements, talking
points, floor speeches, op-eds, memos, and reports;
•Planning and organizing briefings and other events;
•Managing relationships with local, state, and national stakeholders;
•Tracking legislation and other developments in assigned issue areas;
•Building coalitions of diverse, bipartisan stakeholders to advance legislative
priorities;
•Assisting organizations and constituents in the District with federal matters; and
•Performing other duties as assigned.
Education/Experience:
•The ideal candidate will have an advanced degree focused on education policy,
at least two years of experience working in federal education policy, preferably in
Congress, and a track record of legislative successes.
Skills and Knowledge Required:
•Strong federal education policy background;
•Excellent policy research, analysis, development, and advocacy skills;
•Great writing, editing, and proofreading skills;
•Thorough knowledge of the legislative process, House organization, and
procedures;
•Ability to work cooperatively and courteously with others;
•Strong project management and organizational skills;
•Great political instincts and judgment; and
•Proficiency in office computer applications.
Compensation:
•The salary ranges from $75,000 to $85,000, commensurate with experience.
Benefits include student loan repayment, Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) and
retirement, paid leave, transit benefits or parking, and federal health insurance.
Page 15 of 20

Working Conditions:
•The role is based in the Washington, D.C. office;
•Work is mainly performed in an office environment; and
•Travel to Miami, Miami Gardens, Miami Beach, and elsewhere in the District
may be required.
Preferences:
•At least two years of experience as a legislative assistant or similar role;
•Graduate degree in education policy;
•K-12 or higher education teaching experience;
•Expertise in higher education, early childhood education, mentoring, workforce
development, Historically Black Colleges and Universities, or Minority Serving
Institutions; and
•Ties to the District or Florida.
How to Apply:
•Submit a resume, cover letter, and three policy writing samples
to FL24.Resumes@mail.house.gov and include “Senior LA” in the subject line.
•Our office is an equal-opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity and expression, national origin,
disability, military status, age, marital status, or parental status. Our office
encourages candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply.
MEM-230-23

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks a highly organized and
motivated individual to serve as a Legislative Correspondent|Legislative Aide
in her Washington, DC office. Starting salary $55,000 - $60,000.
The LC|LA will manage the constituent mail program in the office, research and
write letters, and handle a limited individual legislative portfolio as assigned.
Well-qualified candidates for this position will have prior experience working on
Capitol Hill, an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, and a strong work
ethic.
Primary Legislative Correspondent responsibilities include:
•Draft and|or assist on tailored letters for constituent inquiries, Member to
Member correspondence, event|meeting follow-up, and letters to the
Administration and other federal, state, and local entities.
•Mange the Member’s 499 program.
•Create and maintain a collection of prepared responses for general legislative
inquiries.
•Ensure that legislative responses to constituents are completed in a timely
matter.
•Consult with the Legislative Director and Legislative Assistants to ensure the
Member’s library of legislative letters are accurate, up to date, and reflective of
the Member’s policy position.
Page 16 of 20

Primary Legislative Aide responsibilities include:
•Represent the Congresswoman within your limited, assigned issue areas.
•Meet and communicate with constituents and advocates & serve as a liaison with
federal agencies in your assigned issue areas.
•Work with the Legislative Director and Chief of Staff to formulate and advance
legislative initiatives for assigned issue areas.
•Track legislation and coordinates co-sponsorship of bills for the Member for
assigned issue areas.
•Provide input to help the Communications Team draft speeches, press releases,
op-eds, and social media for the Member.
Candidates must have an ability to work under pressure, meet deadlines in a fastpaced work environment, and work collaboratively with other members of the
legislative team. Strong organizational and time management skills, excellent
written and verbal communication skills, and a keen attention to detail are
required.
Spanish language skills and|or Southern California ties a plus.
Benefits include federal health insurance, Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) and
retirement, the Student Loan Repayment Program, and transit benefits.
Interested candidates should send a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and two
references with “LC|LA” in the subject line to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-229-23

Representative Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) seeks an experienced
Communications Director to lead a fast-paced and highly engaged press
operation. Applicants must be creative, dynamic, proactive, and energetic.
The Communications Director will serve as the spokesperson and primary
communications advisor to the Member. They will be responsible for developing
and executing an aggressive strategic communications plan, including social
media, that encompasses local, national, and specialty media outlets.
The Communications Director will oversee day-to-day press operations,
including coordinating and managing the press team; responding to media
inquiries; booking the Member for interviews; pitching news opportunities to
media outlets; planning press conferences and in-district events; managing the
Member’s social media accounts and official website; editing/drafting speeches,
talking points, floor statements, press releases, op-eds, and e-newsletters; and
creating and distributing e-newsletters and franked mailings.

Page 17 of 20

They are also responsible for working with the Member, Chief of Staff,
Legislative Director, and District Director to develop and coordinate core
messaging. The Communications Director is responsible for maintaining the
Congresswoman’s voice across all communications materials, with an emphasis
on clarity, relatability, authenticity, and connecting the Congresswoman’s values
and advocacy to a diverse constituent base.
This is NOT an entry level position. Candidates must have previous press-related
experience either on or off Capitol Hill. They must be highly organized,
proficient in multi-tasking, have strong political judgment and instincts, and
possess superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills.
•Los Angeles Metro|Southern California ties are a plus.
•Fluency in Spanish is a plus.
•Experience with video editing and graphic design are a plus.
•Experience with national media contacts both print and digital, as well as with
radio/TV bookers and producers is a plus.
Additionally, the Communications Director must be willing to work extended
hours and oftentimes under time constraints, while maintaining a positive
attitude.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Candidates should submit a resume, cover letter including salary requirements,
and two writing samples with the subject line “Communications Director”
to CA44Resumes@mail.house.gov.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, or
parental status.
MEM-176-23

The Office of Congressman Alma S. Adams, Ph.D. seeks a Legislative Director.
The LD will help drive the proactive legislative agenda for the office, developing
and implementing the strategy to push policy priorities and legislative goals;
supervise and mentor the legislative staff while advising on the
Congresswoman’s legislative portfolio, and manage their own legislative
portfolio, which will include work on the Black Maternal Health Caucus.
The LD will work closely in conjunction with the Chief of Staff and senior
leadership team to ensure legislative strategy is incorporated into overall
operations. The LD will also help ensure coordination between DC and district
offices on important legislative updates and district-based events and projects.
This is not an entry level position; extensive Hill experience and knowledge of
the legislative process are required. The successful applicant will have crisp and
Page 18 of 20

thorough written and oral communications skills, an entrepreneurial and selfstarting attitude, strong attention to detail, creativity, and be a team player.
Supervisory experience is strongly preferred.
The salary range for this position is 90-110k based on education and experience.
This office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, gender identity,
or sexual orientation.
Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and two writing
samples to Adrienne.Christian@mail.house.gov
Candidates from BIPOC, LGBT+, working class, and/or other underrepresented
communities are strongly encouraged to apply, as well as candidates with North
Carolina ties. Due to the volume of applications, we receive, we will only contact
you if we decide to move forward with your application. Please no calls, direct
emails, or walk-ins.
MEM-024-23

The Freshman Democrat from Hawai‘i is seeking a Scheduler with strong
judgment, communication skills, and attention to detail to build and oversee all
aspects of scheduling operations for the Member.
This position requires consistent and effective collaboration with all components
of the Member’s office. The Scheduler will work directly with the Chief of Staff,
District Chief, and other senior staff.
Primary duties include, but are not limited to:
•Building the Member’s daily and long-term schedule for DC and the district and
managing this system;
•Responding to all incoming scheduling requests;
•Booking and coordinating travel back to Hawai‘i and within Hawai‘i;
•Ensuring the Member, staff, and external stakeholders have key information
about the schedule;
•Compiling daily briefing materials for the Member and coordinating the
collection of information from staff and other sources;
•Supporting the team with special events and ad hoc projects; and
•Other duties as assigned.
The office is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual
orientation, or gender identity. Candidates from diverse backgrounds, especially
with ties to Hawai‘i, are encouraged to apply. Being able to serve as a secondary
driver when needed is preferred, but not required.
Salary will be commensurate with experience.

Page 19 of 20

To apply, please submit a cover letter, resume, and references
to hawaii02jobs@gmail.com.

Page 20 of 20

